--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 29 May 2024 
 
Universal Music Group N.V. 
(a public company (naamloze vennootschap) incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands with its statutory 
seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and its registered address in Hilversum, the Netherlands) 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”), Universal Music Group N.V. (the “Issuer,” which expression shall include any Substituted Debtor 
(as defined in Condition 16 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), the “Company” or “UMG” and, together 
with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes,” which expression shall include 
Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes (each as defined below)) denominated in any currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively “Bearer Notes” and “Registered Notes”). As set 
out herein, the Notes will not be subject to any maximum maturity but will have, in the case of Senior Notes, a 
minimum maturity of one month. Any Notes with a maturity of less than 12 months will not constitute a “security” 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below), and the Prospectus Regulation does not require 
a prospectus to be published for the offer and sale of such Senior Notes. 
The Notes will be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified herein and any additional 
Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on 
an ongoing basis (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”). The Dealer or Dealers with whom the Issuer 
agrees or proposes to agree on the issue of any Notes is or are referred to as the relevant Dealer in respect of 
those Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit 
Financiële Markten, the “AFM”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). The AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus or of 
the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is issued in replacement of an earlier base prospectus dated 23 May 2023. This Base 
Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date and 
shall expire on 29 May 2025, at the latest, in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply 
when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application has been made to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (“Euronext”) for Notes issued under the Programme to 
be listed on Euronext in Amsterdam (“Euronext Amsterdam”). 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes 
have been listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Amsterdam. Euronext Amsterdam is a regulated market for 
the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”). The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the 
“Securities Act”) or any U.S. state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in any state or jurisdiction of

--- Page 2 ---
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act (“Regulation S”)) unless the Notes are registered under the Securities Act or one or more 
exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all 
applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Accordingly, the Notes are only 
being offered and sold to non-U.S. persons outside the United States in offshore transactions in reliance upon 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. See Form of the Notes for a description of the manner in which Notes will 
be issued. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a supplementary prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available 
which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
Amounts payable on Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute 
(“EMMI”), the administrator of EURIBOR, is included in European Securities and Markets Authority’s 
(“ESMA”) register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “EU 
Benchmarks Regulation”) and the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
FCA pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”). 
If a benchmark (other than EURIBOR) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, 
save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus or any applicable 
Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited 
in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable 
law. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The material risk factors that may affect 
the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
This Base Prospectus is dated 29 May 2024. 
Arranger 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
ING 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
Mediobanca 
Mizuho Securities 
Morgan Stanley 
MUFG 
Santander 
 
Société Générale Corporate & 
Investment Banking

--- Page 3 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................................. 1 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................... 7 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION .......................................................................................................... 26 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ............................................................................................ 31 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE........................................................................ 32 
FORM OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................................... 34 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................... 38 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................. 52 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................... 84 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW ..................................................................................................................... 85 
LEGAL STRUCTURE AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE .......................................................... 94 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS ....................................................................................... 107 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................ 109 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT .......................................................................... 112 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (FTT) ...................................................... 113 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................... 114 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 121

--- Page 4 ---
1 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1)(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in Form of the Notes and Terms and Conditions of the Notes below shall 
have the same meanings in this overview. 
“Issuer” .............................................. 
Universal Music Group N.V. 
The Company’s statutory seat is in Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands. The registered office address of the Company 
is ‘s-Gravelandseweg 80, 1217 EW Hilversum, the 
Netherlands. The telephone number of the Company is +31 
(0) 88 62 61 500. The Company is registered with the trade 
register of the Chamber of Commerce of the Netherlands 
(Kamer van Koophandel) under number 81106661. 
“LEI” ................................................. 
724500GJBUL3D9TW9Y18 
“Description”..................................... 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
“Arranger” ......................................... 
BNP Paribas 
“Dealers” ........................................... 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
BNP Paribas  
BofA Securities Europe SA  
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE  
ING Bank N.V.  
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH  
Morgan Stanley Europe SE  
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V.  
Société Générale 
“Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, 
Exchange Agent and Transfer Agent”
 ........................................................... 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
“Registrar”......................................... 
Citibank Europe PLC 
“Size” ................................................ 
The Programme amount is unlimited. 
“Distribution” .................................... 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
“Currencies” ...................................... 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, 
such currencies as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer, including, without limitation, 
Australian dollars, Canadian dollars, Danish kroner, euro,

--- Page 5 ---
2 
Hong Kong dollars, Japanese yen, New Zealand dollars, 
Sterling, Swedish kronor, Swiss francs and U.S. dollars. 
“Certain restrictions” ......................... 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect 
of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be 
issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, 
guidelines, 
regulations, 
restrictions 
or 
reporting 
requirements from time to time (see Subscription and Sale) 
including the following restrictions applicable at the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one (1) year will, if 
the proceeds of their issue are accepted in the United 
Kingdom (the “UK”), constitute deposits for the purposes 
of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the “FSMA”) unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a redemption value of at 
least £100,000 or its equivalent, see Subscription and Sale 
and Transfer and Selling Restrictions. 
Notes having a maturity exceeding one year, issued in 
bearer form 
Certain selling restrictions under U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. Treasury regulation 
section, including without limitation, regulations issued in 
accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-
20) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) or U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor U.S. Treasury regulation 
section, including without limitation, regulations issued in 
accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-
20) (the “TEFRA C Rules”) may be applicable for Notes 
issued in bearer form that has original maturity exceeding 
one year, and may be further specified in the Final Terms. 
“Maturities” ....................................... 
Any maturity, subject to applicable laws, regulations and 
restrictions and subject, in the case of Senior Notes, to a 
minimum maturity of one month. Any Senior Notes with a 
maturity of less than 12 months will not constitute a 
“security” for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, 
and the Prospectus Regulation does not require a 
prospectus to be published for the offer and sale of such 
Senior Notes. 
“Issue Price” ...................................... 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or a partly-paid basis 
and at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or 
premium over, par. 
“Form of Notes” ................................ 
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form 
as described in Form of the Notes. Registered Notes will 
not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than one year will 
be issued in compliance with the TEFRA D Rules unless 
(i) the relevant Final Terms states that Notes are issued in

--- Page 6 ---
3 
compliance with the TEFRA C Rules or (ii) the Notes are 
issued other than in compliance with the TEFRA D Rules 
or the TEFRA C Rules but in circumstances in which the 
Notes 
will 
not 
constitute 
“registration 
required 
obligations” under TEFRA, which circumstances will be 
referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to 
which TEFRA is not applicable. 
“Fixed Rate Notes” ........................... 
Fixed interest will be payable on the date or dates specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and on redemption, and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
“Floating Rate Notes” ....................... 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest either at a rate 
determined: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a 
notional interest-rate swap transaction in the 
relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the latest version of the 
2021 ISDA Definitions (as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. (“ISDA”) as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series); or 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment 
Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each 
Series of Floating Rate Notes and will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest 
rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
“Zero Coupon Notes” ........................ 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount 
to their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
“Redemption” .................................... 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
(other than for taxation reasons or following an Event of 
Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving not 
less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice (or such other 
notice period (if any) as is indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may 
be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity 
and at a price or prices and on such terms as are indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms. Any such redemption may, 
at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject to the satisfaction of 
one or more conditions precedent, in which case the notice

--- Page 7 ---
4 
of redemption shall state the applicable condition(s) 
precedent. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one (1) year may be 
subject to restrictions on their denomination and 
distribution, see Certain restrictions – Notes having a 
maturity of less than one year above. 
“Make-whole Redemption” .............. 
The applicable Final Terms may specify that the Issuer 
may redeem, in whole or in part, the Notes then 
outstanding at any time prior to their stated maturity, at 
their relevant Make-whole Redemption Amount as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Issuer Residual Call” ....................... 
The applicable Final Terms may specify that the Issuer 
may redeem, in whole, but not in part, the Notes then 
outstanding at any time prior to their stated maturity if the 
outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 25 
per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Series issued, at their relevant Early Redemption Amount 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms, unless the Issuer has at any time 
notified the Noteholders that it is exercising the Issuer 
Make-whole Redemption Call set out Condition 6(c)(C) in 
respect of the Notes. 
“Denomination of Notes” .................. 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms save that (i) in the 
case of any Notes which, with respect to the EEA, are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
EEA or offered to the public in any Member State of the 
EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum 
specified denomination shall be €100,000 and (ii) the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such as may 
be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, 
see Certain restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less 
than one year above. 
“Taxation” ......................................... 
Payments in respect of the Notes will be made subject to 
withholding of applicable Dutch taxes (if any); provided 
that the applicable Final Terms may provide that additional 
payments are required in respect of withholding or 
deduction for or on account of taxes levied in the 
Netherlands, subject to certain exceptions as provided in 
Condition 7. If the applicable Final Terms provides that 
payments are to be made subject to withholding of 
applicable Dutch taxes (if any), it will also specify that 
Condition 7(b) will not apply to the Notes. 
“Negative Pledge” ............................. 
See Condition 3. 
“Cross Acceleration” ......................... 
See Condition 9(c).

--- Page 8 ---
5 
“Status of the Senior Notes” ............. 
The Senior Notes will constitute direct, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and (with 
the exception of obligations in respect of national and local 
taxes and certain other statutory exceptions) equally with 
all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. 
“Status and other terms of Subordinated 
Notes” ................................................ 
The Subordinated Notes (being those Notes that specify 
their status as Subordinated) and the Coupons relating to 
them constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer and rank pari passu and without any preference 
among themselves. In the event of, inter alia, the 
insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, the payment 
obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes and the Coupons relating to them shall 
rank in right of payment after unsubordinated unsecured 
creditors of the Issuer, and any set-off by holders of a 
Subordinated Note shall be excluded until all obligations 
of the Issuer vis-à-vis its unsubordinated unsecured 
creditors have been satisfied. 
“Substitution” .................................... 
The Issuer may substitute for itself as principal debtor 
under the Notes any company of which more than 90 per 
cent. of the shares are directly or indirectly held by the 
Issuer (a “Substituted Debtor”) on the terms and in the 
manner provided in Condition 16. 
If a Substituted Debtor becomes the principal debtor in 
respect of any of the Notes, it will publish a supplement to 
this Base Prospectus in accordance with the applicable 
rules and regulations. 
“Listing and admission to trading”.... 
Application has been made to Euronext Amsterdam for 
Notes issued under the Programme up to the expiry of 12 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be 
admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated 
market. 
Unlisted Notes may also be issued. The applicable Final 
Terms will state whether or not the Notes are to be listed 
or admitted to trading, as the case may be. 
“Rating” ............................................ 
Moody’s Investors Service Espana, S.A. (“Moody’s”) has 
assigned to the Programme a Baa1 credit rating. The rating 
of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in 
relation to relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended, the “CRA Regulation”) will be disclosed in the 
Final Terms. Where a certain Series of Notes issued under 
the Programme is rated, its rating will not necessarily be 
the same as the rating applicable to the Programme. A 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold

--- Page 9 ---
6 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Each of Moody’s and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(“S&P”) are credit rating agencies established in the 
European Union and are registered under the CRA 
Regulation. 
“Governing Law” .............................. 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the 
Netherlands. 
“Selling Restrictions” ........................ 
There are selling restrictions in relation to the United 
States, the European Economic Area (including the 
Netherlands), the UK, Hong Kong, The People’s Republic 
of China, Singapore and Japan, and such other restrictions 
as may be required in connection with the offering and sale 
of a particular Tranche of Notes. See Subscription and Sale 
below.

--- Page 10 ---
7 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes 
issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. In 
addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks currently deemed to be 
inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme. However, the risks and uncertainties described 
below are not the only risks UMG is facing, and the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or 
other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons currently unknown and the 
Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of investing in any Notes are 
exhaustive. Additional risks not currently known to UMG or that UMG now deems immaterial could also 
adversely affect UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
Prospective investors should carefully review the entire Base Prospectus and should reach their own views 
before making any decision on the merits and risks of investing in the Notes. Before making an investment 
decision with respect to the Notes, prospective investors should consult their own financial, legal and tax 
advisers to carefully review and assess the risks associated with an investment in the Notes and consider 
such an investment decision in the context of the investor’s personal circumstances. This Base Prospectus 
contains “forward-looking” statements that involve risks and uncertainties. UMG’s actual results may 
differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause 
such differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Please see 
“Forward-looking statements”. 
 
RISK FACTORS CONCERNING THE ISSUER 
A. 
Risks Related to UMG’s Business and Industry 
1.1 
UMG may be unable to compete successfully in the highly competitive industry and markets 
in which it operates and UMG’s business may be adversely affected if UMG fails to identify, 
attract, sign and retain successful recording artists and songwriters. 
The industry in which UMG operates is highly competitive, influenced by consumer preferences and 
rapidly evolving. UMG’s competitive position is dependent on identifying, attracting, signing and 
retaining recording artists and songwriters who are or will become commercially successful, who have 
long-term potential, whose music is well received, whose subsequent music is demanded by consumers 
and whose music will continue to generate sales as part of its catalogue for years to come. 
UMG is also dependent on signing and retaining songwriters who are capable of writing songs that will 
be the popular hits of today and the classics of tomorrow. UMG’s competitive position is dependent on its 
continuing ability to attract and develop such recording artists and songwriters whose work can achieve a 
high degree of popularity and thereafter, continue to create music and songs to retain, engage and expand 
their fan base. With regard to development of recording artists and songwriters, UMG believes that 
traditional, high-touch, full-service label deals with its portfolio of world-renowned labels, provide the 
most long-term value to an artist and greatly increase the commercial success, consumer base and 
longevity potential for artists at every stage of their careers. These deals provide for the full suite of 
professional expertise and global resources of a major label, including a comprehensive approach to 
content creation, organic artist development, timing, marketing, promotion, financial investment, and 
forward planning. 
UMG uses external sources of data provided by streaming platforms or other external providers. 
Limitations to access of such data could adversely impact UMG’s capability of identifying future talents 
and therefore negatively affect its business. While UMG is required to devote significant time and 
investment to these activities, the returns on these activities are influenced by a number of factors, 
including factors outside of the control of UMG, and are uncertain at the time of investment. To the extent

--- Page 11 ---
8 
that the expected returns from these activities fail to materialize or are not in line with expectations, this 
may affect UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
UMG’s competitors may become more successful at signing, marketing and promoting recording artists, 
for example if UMG’s competitors increase the amounts they spend to discover, or to market and promote, 
recording artists and songwriters or reduce the prices of their music in an effort to expand market share, 
which may affect UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
UMG’s recorded music business is to a large extent dependent on rapid and significant technological 
developments in order to remain competitive, including access to, selection and viability of new 
technologies, and UMG’s recorded music business is subject to potential pressure from competitors as a 
result of technological developments modifying the nature of UMG’s competition.  
In addition, changing business practices, particularly due to the emergence of new technologies and access 
to a global network of consumers, have resulted and could further result in artists choosing to make content 
available to consumers directly without being affiliated with a label or an intermediary, or could result in 
music services playing some of the roles that UMG has traditionally played. In this regard, UMG also 
competes with certain of the music distribution platforms who distribute the works of artists and 
songwriters without the involvement of labels or intermediaries.  
Adapting to, and competing with, rapid technological developments requires substantial investment of 
time and resources; however, such investment does not guarantee UMG’s success in developing, 
implementing, transitioning to, competing with, utilizing or defending against new technology. Any failure 
by UMG to accurately anticipate customers’ changing needs and emerging technological trends could 
significantly harm UMG’s competitive position. Furthermore, if UMG fails to keep pace with rapidly 
evolving technological developments in artificial intelligence, its competitive position and business results 
may suffer. UMG’s competitors or other third parties may incorporate artificial intelligence in a similar or 
different manner, and may do so more quickly or more successfully than UMG. 
If UMG is unable to remain competitive as a result of technological developments, this could affect its 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  
1.2 
If streaming and subscription adoption or revenue fail to grow or grow less rapidly than 
UMG anticipates, UMG’s business may be adversely affected. 
Revenues from subscription music services are important to UMG because they offset declines in 
downloads and physical sales and represent a growing area of UMG’s recorded music business. In 2023, 
UMG generated €5,700 million of revenue from subscription music services and ad-supported streaming, 
as compared to €5,321 million in 2022. Consumption formats in the music industry are susceptible to 
technological advancements and changing consumer preferences around how music is accessed, as 
illustrated in recent years by the global decline in revenue derived from downloads and CD sales and 
subsequent downloads. These, and other factors, may in the future negatively impact subscription and ad-
supported streaming, for example where newer formats become more popular with consumers. Large 
quantities of uploads with no meaningful engagement, including non-artist noise content, delivered daily 
to digital platforms (including via the use of generative artificial intelligence) increases the challenges for 
marketing music to fans and policing infringements. Additionally, technology around streaming 
manipulation, fraud and hacking is becoming increasingly refined and subscription streaming services are 
vulnerable which could undermine consumer confidence and cause revenue loss. 
If UMG’s subscription or streaming revenue fails to grow, grows less rapidly than it has over the past 
several years or declines, UMG’s recorded music business may experience reduced levels of revenue and 
operating income. Additionally, slower growth in streaming adoption or revenue is also likely to have a 
negative impact on UMG’s music publishing business, which generates a significant portion of its revenue 
from sales and other uses of recorded music. Both of these may adversely impact UMG’s ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.

--- Page 12 ---
9 
1.3 
UMG relies on digital service providers for the online distribution and marketing of its music 
on the basis of contractual terms that are subject to change. 
UMG derives an increasing portion of its revenues from the distribution of music through digital 
distribution channels and partners with several hundred music services around the world and, in 2023, the 
top 50 music services accounted for 98% of UMG’s recorded music digital revenue. In 2023, 70% of 
UMG’s recorded music revenue was derived from digital channels. 
UMG currently enters into relatively short-term agreements with digital music streaming services. There 
can be no assurance that UMG will be able to renew or enter into new agreements with any digital music 
service. The terms of these agreements, including the rates that UMG receives pursuant to them and the 
basis for calculation of those rates, may change as a result of changes in the industry or changes in the law, 
or for other reasons. Decreases in rates or changes to other terms of agreements with digital music 
streaming services could adversely impact UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
UMG’s music is also promoted by the digital music services on playlists curated by such services or 
generated from their algorithms (or a combination of both). Any unfavourable changes made by such 
service providers to their algorithms or to the terms on which they market or promote UMG’s music could 
adversely affect UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
1.4 
UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme may be 
adversely affected if it is unable to compete successfully in the evolving markets in which it 
operates or is unable to execute its business strategy. 
UMG’s markets are constantly and rapidly evolving. UMG expects to increase revenues and cash flow 
through a business strategy which requires, among other things, continuing to maximize the long-term 
value of its music by expanding the licensing partners with which UMG works and diversifying its revenue 
streams by partnering with an increasing array of new businesses that benefit from the use of music content 
to engage consumers. UMG’s strategy includes efforts to grow revenues from new digital platforms, 
including fitness and video games, and through business arrangements with non-traditional partners, 
including social media platforms. UMG may incur significant costs deploying its business strategy, and 
there can be no assurance that UMG will be capable of executing or furthering its business plans during 
economic downturns, and UMG may not be able to recoup investments it has made in developing its 
business activities. UMG is a key promoter of innovation across the digital ecosystem through partnerships 
in new product categories and through proactive efforts to cause its partners to evolve and innovate. UMG 
maximizes opportunities to introduce new products, services and revenue streams in various segments 
spanning voice, fitness, wellness, social media gaming, live streaming, brand partnerships, start-ups and 
other categories. UMG faces competition from traditional music industry players as well as new entrants, 
and may not be able to execute its business strategy because of a failure to promote innovative products 
and/or to keep pace with market evolutions and, as a result, may lose market share to existing or new 
competitors.  
Furthermore, the success of UMG’s initiatives relies on adequate third-party support and requires UMG 
to accurately forecast and keep up with technological developments and consumer preferences relating to 
platforms and may require UMG to implement new business models or adapt to new distribution platforms. 
If UMG is unable to implement its strategy successfully or properly react to changes in consumer 
preference, its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme could be adversely 
affected. 
1.5 
UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme may be 
adversely impacted by changes in global economic and financial conditions. 
Any decrease in global economic growth, an extended recession, sustained high inflation rates or other 
periods of declining economic conditions, either globally or in any of the markets in which UMG operates, 
could adversely affect UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.

--- Page 13 ---
10 
A significant portion of UMG’s revenues relies on consumers spending discretionary funds on leisure 
activities, such as music subscriptions, CDs, vinyl albums and artist merchandise. The state of the 
economy, inflation, deflation, political uncertainty, the availability of consumer credit, taxation, 
unemployment and the impact of pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, are all factors that can 
influence the prevailing macroeconomic conditions and affect UMG’s business. Economic growth and 
consumer confidence are important for UMG’s growth and strategy.  
Since early 2022, a number of countries, including most major economies in Europe and North America, 
have reported high inflation. Concurrently, central banks in such countries have raised or discussed the 
possibility of further increases in interest rates in the future. Such increases in interest rates may reduce 
growth and may result in a global or regional recession. Further market volatility may occur as inflation 
continues to rise and markets respond to the interest rate increases and the cessation of quantitative easing 
programmes by major central banks. Increased inflation may impact the disposable income and shopping 
habits of UMG’s customers which may in turn affect the demand for UMG’s products and services and 
UMG’s ability to maintain its revenues in line with targets and expectations. Each of these events may 
negatively impact discretionary funds available to consumers for leisure activities, and as a result may 
negatively impact UMG’s revenues and growth, which may in turn negatively impact UMG’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
1.6 
UMG operates in many jurisdictions around the world and therefore is subject to a variety of 
trends, developments and limitations in those jurisdictions, which could affect it adversely. 
UMG has offices engaged in recorded music, music publishing, merchandising and audiovisual content in 
more than 60 territories around the world. UMG’s local presence has become increasingly important as 
the popularity of music originating from a country’s own language and culture is very significant, and 
more countries around the world have developed legitimate business models to monetize music. In 
addition, UMG’s business model is increasingly focused on developing business in new high-growth 
music markets. For example, in 2023, UMG strengthened its global presence through new activities, label 
launches and key partnerships in the UAE and Thailand. However, if UMG’s music does not continue to 
have appeal in various countries, UMG’s results of operations could be adversely impacted and its 
investments in new jurisdictions could fail to generate returns for UMG in line with expectations. 
Additionally, UMG may not be successful in identifying and signing the most promising artists in these 
markets, which may negatively impact UMG’s competitive position in these geographies, its prospects 
and its ability to generate returns in these markets. 
In countries in which UMG currently conducts, or may in the future conduct, its businesses, UMG’s 
operations, growth strategy and development may be negatively impacted as a result of less developed 
digital, internet and mobile network infrastructure. UMG’s success, particularly streaming revenues, 
depend on the continued development and use of internet by consumers to access music, as well as 
increasing high-speed internet and smartphone penetration. If internet access or smartphone penetration in 
these markets develops slower than expected, or is stalled, UMG’s growth strategy could be adversely 
affected. 
Further, depending on the customs and norms in various markets, UMG’s presence in and generation of 
revenues from other countries may require UMG to accept longer accounts receivable settlement cycles 
and may subject UMG to difficulties in collecting its accounts receivables. For more information, see 
Section 3.6 (Export and import control laws and regulations, tariffs and trade barriers could have an 
adverse effect on UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme) below. 
Additionally, as a result of its global presence, UMG is subject to challenges in the global economic 
environment, as a result of political instability in jurisdictions where it is present as well as recessionary 
trends, inflation and instability in the financial markets in jurisdictions where it is present. 
Any failure of UMG to adequately respond to the needs of its operations in various jurisdictions, its 
inability to appeal to consumers in various countries or the restrictions on UMG’s business due to customs, 
norms and policies in various jurisdictions may adversely impact UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under Notes issued under the Programme.

--- Page 14 ---
11 
1.7 
UMG faces competition for the attention of its consumers given the constantly evolving 
entertainment options that are available. 
A significant portion of UMG’s revenue comes from the production and distribution of audio and 
audiovisual recordings. The success of UMG’s content depends primarily upon its acceptance by the 
public and on consumer tastes and preferences, which change over time and are difficult to predict. The 
market for these products is highly competitive and competing products are often released into the 
marketplace at the same time. To remain competitive, UMG constantly seeks new platforms to engage 
different demographics of consumers around the world. The commercial success of audio and audiovisual 
recordings depends on several variable factors, including the quality and acceptance of competing 
offerings released into the marketplace at or near the same time, the availability of alternative forms of 
entertainment and leisure time activities and general economic conditions and other tangible and intangible 
factors, all of which can change quickly and in unforeseeable ways. 
The recorded music business faces competition for consumer attention from other forms of entertainment 
and leisure activities, such as cable and satellite television, on-demand television, motion pictures, 
podcasts and video games and user-generated content in physical and digital formats. UMG may face 
competition in the future from the development of any number of new forms of entertainment and leisure 
activities. Although new platforms and means of entertainment provide opportunities for UMG to engage 
its customers, such initiatives may not be successful or offset constantly changing consumer preferences 
or cycling preferences between different forms of entertainment. 
If UMG’s recorded music business unsuccessfully competes against other existing or new forms of 
entertainment and leisure activities, or produces and distributes audio and audiovisual recordings without 
broad consumer appeal, that may adversely impact UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
1.8 
In addition to competition from traditional music industry players, new entrants into the music 
industry, artists choosing not to sign with labels and the evolving role of intermediaries may 
increase competition and impact UMG’s ability to sign artists. 
UMG faces competition from traditional music industry players, as well as new entrants, including 
investment funds whose investment thesis includes making acquisitions of collections of musical 
compositions, or “catalogue acquisitions”. UMG’s competitors may launch aggressive promotional 
campaigns and other marketing activities, or they may pay higher than market rates to attract new talent 
and increase their market share. In response, in order to stay competitive, UMG may be required to make 
additional investments and incur significant additional expenditures. If UMG is unable to compete 
successfully in the changing competitive landscape, UMG may lose market share, worsen its business 
prospects and financial condition and its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme may be materially and adversely affected. 
In addition, changing business practices, particularly due to the emergence of new technologies and access 
to a global network of consumers, has and could further result in artists choosing to make content available 
to consumers directly without being affiliated with a label or an intermediary, or could result in music 
services playing some of the roles that UMG has traditionally played. In this regard, UMG also competes 
with certain of the music distribution platforms who distribute the works of artists and songwriters without 
the involvement of labels or intermediaries. 
These and other changes in the market could also result in modifications to the ways in which UMG 
contracts with its artists and to the revenue generated from those relationships. It is not possible to predict 
all the ways in which the music industry could change, and UMG may not be able to effectively adapt to 
all of these changes and become less competitive. As a result, changing business practices and 
disintermediation could have an adverse impact on UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes 
issued under the Programme.

--- Page 15 ---
12 
1.9 
UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme could be 
impaired if it fails to attract and retain its executive officers and other key personnel. 
UMG’s success depends, in part, upon the continuing contributions of its executive officers and key 
operational and creative personnel, led by its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Sir Lucian Grainge. 
These executive officers and key personnel possess significant experience within the music industry and 
their established personal connections and relationships in the music industry are important to UMG’s 
operations. UMG competes with other music and entertainment companies, record labels, digital service 
providers, technology companies and other companies for top talent, including executive officers and other 
key personnel. 
If UMG were to unexpectedly lose a member of its key management, or were unable to attract and retain 
qualified personnel in the future, at a reasonable cost or at all, its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes 
issued under the Programme could be materially and adversely affected.  
1.10 
Where UMG acquires, combines with or invests in other businesses or joint ventures, UMG 
will face risks inherent in such transactions. 
UMG has in the past completed and, as part of its business strategy, will continue, from time to time, to 
consider strategic transactions, which could involve acquisitions, combinations or dispositions of 
businesses or assets, or strategic alliances or joint ventures with companies engaged in music 
entertainment, entertainment, investing or other businesses. For example, in 2024, UMG acquired a stake 
in (i) Chord Music Partners (“Chord”), pursuant to a long-term strategic partnership with Chord’s other 
shareholders to actively manage Chord through UMG’s global network and further develop its catalogue 
of music and intellectual property and (ii) NTWRK, a premium live-video shopping platform and curated 
marketplace serving buyers and sellers. In February 2023, UMG also acquired Hyperion, a British, award-
winning classical music label, in order to further its commitment to investing in classical music talent and 
providing for the development of classical recording artists.  
UMG may not be successful in addressing any risks or problems encountered in connection with any 
strategic transactions. UMG cannot assure that if it makes any future acquisitions, investments, strategic 
alliances or joint ventures or enters into any business combination that they will be completed in a timely 
manner, or at all, that they will be structured or financed in a way that will enhance its creditworthiness or 
that they will meet its strategic objectives or otherwise be successful. In addition, if any new business in 
which UMG invests or which it attempts to develop does not progress as planned, it may not recover the 
funds and resources it has expended, and this could have a negative impact on its ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
Additionally, UMG has made investments into joint ventures with third parties in certain jurisdictions and 
it may in the future enter into additional such joint ventures as a means of conducting its business in various 
jurisdictions. While UMG seeks to ensure that it has appropriate rights when entering into joint ventures, 
in the future other investors in the joint venture may have or require certain rights under the terms of the 
joint venture, and therefore, UMG may not be able to unilaterally make significant decisions or take timely 
actions with respect to its joint ventures. UMG’s inability to take decisive unilateral action in respect to its 
joint ventures could have a material adverse impact on its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
1.11 
UMG has engaged in substantial restructuring and re-organization activities in the past, is 
currently engaged in the Organizational Redesign and may need to implement further 
restructurings and re-organizations in the future and its restructuring and reorganization 
efforts may not be successful or generate expected cost savings. 
UMG’s business has been, and may continue to be, impacted by significant ongoing changes in the 
entertainment industry. In response, it has sought, and will continue to actively seek, to adapt its operations 
and cost structure to the changing economics of the industry and to capitalize on growth opportunities. For 
example, while physical sales are still significant in some markets, music consumption has shifted from

--- Page 16 ---
13 
an ownership model, whereby consumers purchase vinyl or CDs, to an access model that includes 
subscription and ad-supported streaming formats.  
UMG announced in February 2024 that it has engaged in the Organizational Redesign (as defined herein). 
UMG may also in the future be required to implement further restructuring activities, make additions or 
other changes to its management or workforce based on other cost reduction measures or changes in the 
markets and industry in which it competes, including the evolving skill sets required from its employees. 
UMG’s inability to implement the Organizational Redesign successfully or to structure its operations 
based on evolving market conditions could impact its business. Furthermore, should UMG fail to 
successfully complete the Organizational Redesign, it might not be able to achieve the expected costs 
savings associated to it, or it might only achieve a portion thereof, and the restructuring costs incurred in 
connection with the Organizational Redesign may therefore be greater than the anticipated cost savings. 
This could adversely impact UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme. Restructuring activities can also create unanticipated consequences and negative impacts on 
its business, and UMG cannot be certain that any ongoing or future restructuring efforts will be successful 
or generate expected cost savings. If UMG were to unsuccessfully implement restructuring and re-
organization plans, that could adversely impact UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
1.12 
Unfavorable currency exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect UMG’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
A significant portion of UMG’s assets, liabilities, revenues and costs are denominated in currencies other 
than Euros, in particular US Dollars. To prepare its financial statements, UMG must translate those assets, 
liabilities, revenues and expenses into Euro from such currencies at then-applicable exchange rates. 
Consequently, increases and decreases in the value of the Euro as compared to such other currencies will 
affect the amount of these items in its financial statements, even if their value has not changed in their 
original currency. These translations could result in significant changes to its results of operations from 
period to period. In addition, exchange rate fluctuations could cause its expenses to increase as a 
percentage of net sales, affecting its profitability and cash flows. 
From time to time, UMG enters into foreign exchange contracts to hedge the risk of unfavourable foreign 
currency exchange rate movements. However, these hedging strategies may not fully eliminate the 
exchange rate risk and currency volatility to which it is exposed. While UMG seeks to hedge currency 
transaction risks by offsetting opposing cash flows (natural hedging) and uses derivative hedges, UMG’s 
efforts to do so may not be successful or opportunities to do so may not be readily available and such risks 
may have a material adverse effect on UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
1.13 
Geopolitical instability could adversely affect UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
The 24 February 2022 invasion of Ukraine by Russian military forces has resulted in sustained conflict 
and disruption in the region. In addition, an armed conflict in Israel and Gaza is ongoing, after the 7 
October 2023 attacks led by Hamas against Israel. Sanctions and other measures imposed in response to 
these conflicts have increased global economic and political uncertainty. Although Russia, Ukraine and 
Israel each represented less than 1% of UMG’s total revenues and EBITDA for the year ended 31 
December 2023 and, as such, have not constituted (and do not currently constitute) a material part of 
UMG’s business, armed conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and between Hamas and Israel, could 
escalate. The significant escalation of these conflicts could increase economic instability and disruption 
both inside those countries and across their regions.  
The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions and market disruptions resulting from the ongoing 
military conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East is highly unpredictable and, if it increases significantly, 
could potentially have a material impact on the global economy for an unknown period of time. As a result 
of UMG’s revenue profile being very geographically diverse, any downturn in the global economy that

--- Page 17 ---
14 
reduces the disposal income of UMG’s customers might in turn have a negative impact on UMG’s 
revenues.  
B. 
Risks Related to Intellectual Property, Data Security and Information Technology 
2.1 
The success of UMG’s business is dependent on the existence and maintenance of its 
intellectual property rights and challenges in obtaining, maintaining, protecting and 
enforcing UMG’s intellectual property rights and involvement in intellectual property 
litigation could adversely affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
The success of UMG’s business depends on its ability to obtain, maintain, protect and enforce its 
trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property rights around the world. UMG’s intellectual 
property rights, as well as its ability to enforce its intellectual property rights depend on the laws and 
regulations of the many jurisdictions in which it conducts business, which are not consistent across 
jurisdictions. In order to obtain, maintain, protect and enforce its intellectual property rights, UMG takes 
a variety of measures, including, if necessary, litigation or proceedings before governmental authorities 
and administrative bodies. UMG also has a content protection unit tasked with leading and coordinating 
take downs of content that infringes its intellectual property rights. UMG also works through lobbying 
(both directly and through trade associations) to influence any changes so that such changes do not 
negatively affect the business or broader music industry and its stakeholders. 
However, these measures can be expensive and time-consuming and, in some instances, can be ineffective 
such that, despite such measures, third parties may be able to obtain and use UMG’s intellectual property 
without its permission, and there is no guarantee that UMG will be able to successfully obtain, protect, 
maintain or enforce its intellectual property rights in every instance.  
In addition, if UMG is alleged to have infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated the intellectual 
property rights of a third party (even where such claims are without merit), any litigation to defend the 
claim could be costly and would divert the time and resources of management, regardless of the merits of 
the claim and whether the claim is settled out of court or determined in its favour. There can be no 
assurance that UMG would prevail in any such litigation. If UMG were to lose a litigation relating to 
intellectual property, in addition to the potential reputational damage, it could be forced to pay monetary 
damages, to obtain a license, or to cease using certain intellectual property or technologies. 
Additionally, artists signed by UMG may seek to challenge and dispute the scope of intellectual property 
rights under their contracts entered into with UMG, including potential disputes as to the application and 
effect of technological developments and new formats to access music. In this regard, see Section 3.3 
(UMG is and could become involved in a number of lawsuits, which could negatively affect UMG’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme). 
Furthermore, notwithstanding any potential benefit of artificial intelligence, new challenges for protecting 
UMG’s intellectual property and other rights of UMG’s artists and songwriters may also arise from 
artificial intelligence-generated music. The resulting new form of intellectual property infringement is 
caused by unauthorised reproduction of copyrighted works, names, images, likeness and voices of UMG’s 
artists and songwriters to “train” artificial intelligence-generated applications to create unauthorised 
derivative works. 
Any of the foregoing may cause UMG to suffer economic loss and reputational damage, which would 
adversely affect UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
2.2 
Piracy continues to adversely impact UMG’s business and content protection is a key focus of 
UMG’s business. 
Technological advances and the conversion of music into digital formats have made it easy to create, 
transmit and distribute high-quality unauthorized copies of music in a manner that does not provide an 
economic return for UMG and/or its artists and songwriters. This includes “stream-ripping” to access

--- Page 18 ---
15 
UMG’s music illegally through the internet. In a 2022 International Federation of the Phonographic 
Industry (“IFPI”) survey of 44,000 internet users across 22 countries, 40% of respondents aged 16-24 
admitted using illegal stream-ripping services, the leading form of music piracy. Organized industrial 
piracy may also lead to decreased revenues and/or slowed growth revenues. The impact of piracy on 
legitimate music revenues and subscriptions is hard to quantify, but UMG believes that illegal file sharing 
and other forms of unauthorized activity, including stream manipulation, have a substantial negative 
impact on music revenues. In addition, technology to create artificial intelligence-generated music and 
images has introduced new challenges for the protection of intellectual property and artist rights. These 
include intellectual property infringement through the unauthorised reproduction of copyrighted works to 
train artificial intelligence technology, which in turn enables the creation of artificial intelligence-
generated works that infringe intellectual property rights and embody unauthorised renditions of artist 
voices, images and likenesses. If UMG is not successful in its content protection efforts, its ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme may suffer. 
2.3 
UMG’s business is subject to a variety of European, US and other supranational and domestic 
laws, rules, policies and other obligations regarding data protection. 
UMG is subject to laws, regulations, rules, and other obligations governing privacy, data protection, direct 
marketing, and cybersecurity in jurisdictions around the world. These laws impose restrictions on the way 
UMG and its counterparties may collect, use, retain, secure, disclose, and transfer personal information. 
These laws may shape, for example, how UMG engages in eCommerce transactions or other transactions 
with consumers; how it operates its online properties; how UMG engages in direct and behavioural 
advertising, email marketing, mobile marketing, and social media activities; and UMG’s internal 
operations in areas such as employment and how it transfers data among its subsidiaries. Further, UMG 
makes statements about its use and disclosure of personal information through its privacy policies, 
information on its websites and press statements. 
UMG may also have contractual obligations regarding the use of personal information with its 
counterparties. 
Privacy, data protection, direct marketing, and cybersecurity are the subject of intense media, political, 
and regulatory scrutiny. Several jurisdictions in which UMG is active have recently passed laws in these 
areas, and other jurisdictions are considering imposing additional restrictions. These laws, and the ways 
in which authorities interpret and enforce them, continue to develop and may be inconsistent from 
jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Complying with emerging and changing requirements may cause UMG to incur 
substantial costs, change its business practices, modify its product and service offerings, and forego other 
business opportunities. 
For example, UMG is subject to extensive European regulations on privacy, information security and data 
protection, the main and most relevant of which relate to the collection, protection and use of personal and 
business data, consumer credit data and other information and the provision of credit ratings, including 
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal 
data and on the free movement of such data (the General Data Protection Regulation) (the “GDPR”), the 
Directive 2002/58/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 July 2002 concerning the 
processing of personal data and the protection of privacy in the electronic communications sector 
(Directive on privacy and electronic communications) and national laws implementing each of them. 
Additionally, UMG is subject to the UK GDPR (the retained EU law version of the GDPR) and the United 
Kingdom’s Data Protection Act 2018. The GDPR, which has applied since 25 May 2018, is directly 
applicable in all member states of the European Economic Area (the “Member States”). The GDPR has 
increased both the number, and restrictive nature, of the obligations binding on UMG for the collection, 
storage and processing of personal data. In particular, the GDPR establishes a tiered approach to penalties 
for breach, which enables the relevant authorities to impose fines for some infringements of up to €20 
million, or 4% of annual worldwide turnover. 
In the United States, UMG is subject to overlapping federal and state laws governing privacy, data 
protection and security. For example, state data breach notification laws or consumer protection laws

--- Page 19 ---
16 
generally mandate the rules that must be followed in the event of the unauthorized disclosure of personal 
information. One of the most significant state privacy laws, the California Consumer Privacy Act, as 
amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, establishes actionable rights for stipulated parties relating 
to data handled by covered entities such as UMG, as well as obligations on covered entities relating to 
privacy disclosures, data handling, and more. The Commonwealth of Virginia has a similar law which 
entered into force at the start of 2023, and other states may be following suit. Moreover, UMG is also 
subject to regulatory authorities, such as the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”), and self-regulatory 
requirements, such as the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (“PCI DSS”). The FTC is 
authorized to enforce prohibitions on “unfair or deceptive acts or practices,” to include a company’s 
violations of its own privacy policies or commitments, or security or privacy practices that the FTC deems 
fundamentally “unfair”. The PCI DSS are a set of payment-related data security requirements the violation 
of which can result in fines or restrictions on the ability to process transactions. Generally distinct from 
state privacy laws, some state laws also impose separate requirements regarding the handling of payment 
card information. 
Non-compliance, or even allegations of non-compliance, with these laws or UMG’s public statements or 
contracts in these areas, could lead government entities, supervisory authorities or private actors to institute 
investigations into or proceedings against UMG. These investigations or proceedings may entail legal 
costs and reputational harm, and if defense of such proceedings is unsuccessful even in part, UMG may 
face significant penalties, liability, or ongoing monitoring or audit requirements. 
Additionally, any perceived or actual failure by UMG, including its third-party service providers, to protect 
confidential data or any material non-compliance with privacy or data protection or other consumer 
protection laws could cause customers to lose trust in UMG, reduce UMG’s ability to attract and retain 
customers, artists and other business relationships and counterparties and result in litigation or other 
actions being brought against UMG. Lastly, if third parties that UMG works with, such as UMG’s 
suppliers, violate applicable laws or UMG’s policies, such violations may also put the information in 
UMG’s database at risk and could in turn have an adverse impact on UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under Notes issued under the Programme. 
2.4 
Cybersecurity presents ongoing risks that could adversely impact UMG’s global data and 
operations.  
UMG’s systems may be vulnerable to damage from cybersecurity attacks. UMG processes personal data 
related to customers, employees, business partners, artists and vendors. UMG also maintains sensitive 
confidential business information of itself and, in some cases, counterparties, as well as intellectual 
property including rights in music recordings and compositions that in some cases are not yet released. 
UMG relies on both its computer systems and those of its service providers for day-to-day operations and 
to manage these kinds of critical business data. No computer system is immune from attacks or other 
incidents, and UMG’s system may be vulnerable to, or may have suffered unknown, security breaches by 
computer hackers and others that attempt to penetrate or otherwise defeat the security measures that it has 
in place. A compromise of its security systems that results in the loss or exposure of personal data, 
confidential information, or intellectual property could lead to operational disruptions and significant 
expenditures to address the incident. Such a compromise could lead to the loss of competitively sensitive 
information, theft of funds, reputational harm, litigation and investigations, legal expenses, liability, 
penalties, or the imposition of ongoing monitoring or audit requirements which may create operational 
disruptions and/or significant expenditures. Any of the foregoing may adversely impact UMG’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
2.5 
UMG’s operations are dependent on its information technology and information systems, and 
any disruption to UMG’s IT system or failures in UMG’s IT systems could adversely impact 
UMG’s operations. 
The integrity, reliability and operational performance of UMG’s information technology (“IT”) 
infrastructure and technology network are critical to its operations. UMG relies upon the capacity,

--- Page 20 ---
17 
reliability, and security of its IT hardware and software infrastructure and its ability to expand and update 
this infrastructure in response to changing needs. 
Certain elements of the IT systems infrastructure on which UMG depends are outsourced to third parties. 
The services and functions provided by these third parties are critical to UMG’s business and include (but 
are not limited to) storage, data processing and network. The availability of UMG’s IT platforms and other 
services may be interrupted by damage or disruption to UMG’s or its third-party service providers’ IT 
systems, which may be caused by, for example, hardware or software defects, human error, unauthorized 
access, fire, power loss, natural hazards, the impact of war and terrorism, disasters or similarly disruptive 
events, as well as planned upgrades and improvements which may be subject to developmental delay or 
fail to be effective.  
While UMG has business continuity procedures in place, there can be no assurance that these will be fully 
successful in preventing all disruptions to the availability of UMG’s IT platforms or other services. To the 
extent UMG outsources its business continuity or disaster recovery operations, it is at risk of the vendor’s 
unresponsiveness in the event of breakdowns in UMG’s systems, which could cause delays in recovering 
service. 
Furthermore, performance issues, system interruptions or other failures in UMG’s IT systems could expose 
UMG to potential liability to pay damages, as well as reputational harm, additional operating expenses to 
remediate the IT failures and exposure to other losses or other liabilities, all of which could have a material 
adverse effect on UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
While UMG maintains what it considers to be an appropriate level of insurance against some of these 
risks, UMG’s insurance coverage may not cover all of the costs and liabilities it incurs as the result of any 
such interruptions or failures of its IT systems, and if its business continuity and/or disaster recovery plans 
do not effectively and timely resolve issues resulting from a disruption, UMG may suffer material adverse 
effects on its business. 
2.6 
UMG faces a potential loss of certain catalogue titles to the extent that those recording artists 
have a right to recapture recordings under the US Copyright Act. 
The US Copyright Act of 1976, as amended (the “US Copyright Act”), provides authors (or their heirs) 
a right to terminate transfers of US copyrights (i.e., licenses or assignments of rights in their copyrighted 
works) in certain circumstances. This right does not apply to works that are “works made for hire.” Since 
the enactment of the Sound Recordings Act of 1971, which first accorded federal copyright protection for 
sound recordings in the US, the vast majority of UMG’s agreements with recording artists provide that 
such recording artists render services under a work-made-for-hire relationship. A termination right exists 
under the US Copyright Act for transfers of US rights in musical compositions that similarly are not “works 
made for hire.” If any of UMG’s commercially available sound recordings created after 15 February 1972 
were determined not to be “works made for hire,” then the recording artists (or their heirs) could have the 
right to terminate the US federal copyright rights they granted to it, generally during a five-year period 
starting at the end of 35 years from the date of release of a recording under a post-1977 license or 
assignment (or, in the case of a pre-1978 grant in a pre-1978 recording, generally during a five-year period 
starting at the end of 56 years from the date of copyright). 
Any right of artists to terminate UMG’s copyright rights may adversely impact UMG’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
C. 
Legal and regulatory risks 
3.1 
A significant portion of UMG’s revenues are subject to regulation either by government 
entities or by local third-party collecting societies throughout the world and rates on other 
income streams may be set by governmental proceedings or be subject to legislative 
intervention, which may limit its profitability.

--- Page 21 ---
18 
Mechanical royalties and performance royalties (on both physical and digital sales) are two of the main 
sources of income for UMG’s music publishing business, accounting for 14% of UMG’s revenue in 2023, 
and mechanical royalties are an expense for its recorded music business (except in instances when digital 
service providers pay such mechanical royalties directly to publishers), representing 0.8% of UMG’s 
revenue in 2023. In the United States, compulsory mechanical royalty rates are set every five years 
pursuant to an administrative process under the US Copyright Act, unless rates are determined through 
industry negotiations, and performance royalty rates are most commonly, but not exclusively, determined 
by negotiations by performing rights organizations, which in the US include American Society of 
Composers, Authors and Publishers (“ASCAP”), Broadcast Music, Inc. (“BMI”), the Society of European 
Stage Authors and Composers (“SESAC”) and Global Music Rights, LLC. ASCAP and BMI are subject 
to a consent decree rate-setting process if negotiations are unsuccessful. The Antitrust Division of the 
Department of Justice (the “DOJ”) has previously reviewed its consent decrees with ASCAP and BMI 
and, while in January 2021 the DOJ announced that it would take no further action to modify or terminate 
such decrees, there is no guarantee that the DOJ will not choose to review such decrees in the future. 
Changes to the mechanical royalty rate, the performance royalty rates or consent decrees governing the 
US performing rights organizations could potentially impact the profitability of UMG’s music publishing 
business. 
 
Outside of the United States, mechanical rates are typically negotiated on an industry-wide basis (or for 
multi-territorial online licensing, on a repertoire-specific basis but still necessarily in partnership with 
collecting societies as rights holders) and may be subject to mandatory collecting regimes. In most 
territories outside the United States, mechanical royalties are typically based on a percentage of wholesale 
prices for physical products and based on a percentage of consumer prices for digital formats. Performance 
royalty rates are typically negotiated between the collecting society and the individual licensee. The 
mechanical and performance royalty rates set pursuant to such processes may adversely affect UMG by 
limiting its ability to increase the profitability of its music publishing and/or recorded music businesses. 
The performance royalty rates received by UMG’s recorded music business in the United States for 
webcasting and satellite radio are set every five years by an administrative process under the US Copyright 
Act unless rates are determined through industry negotiations. In most jurisdictions outside the United 
States, UMG’s recorded music business receives payment for the public performance and broadcast of its 
sound recordings via collecting societies, with rates generally set by industry agreement or rate setting 
tribunal. In certain jurisdictions, governments either have, are proposing or face certain pressure to 
introduce legislation which may introduce and/or extend mandatory collective licensing and direct 
remuneration claims for certain rights, such as (but not limited to) the introduction of an additional 
remuneration right for performers for the so-called “making available” of sound recordings on digital 
services. 
As revenues continue to shift from physical to diversified distribution channels, it is important that UMG 
receives fair value for all of the uses of its intellectual property as its business model now depends upon 
multiple revenue streams from multiple sources. To the extent that the rates set for recorded music and 
music publishing income sources through collecting societies or legally prescribed rate-setting processes 
are set at levels which are not favourable or economically viable for UMG, this could have an adverse 
impact on its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
3.2 
Changes in laws and regulations, including those relating to intellectual property rights, 
may have an adverse effect on UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
UMG’s business is subject to a variety of laws and regulations in jurisdictions around the world, including 
those relating to intellectual property, content regulation, user privacy, data protection and consumer 
protection, antitrust and competition, among others. In addition, various governments currently have under 
consideration, and may in the future adopt, new laws, regulations and policies regarding a wide variety of 
matters that could directly or indirectly affect UMG’s business and operations, the ownership of UMG’s 
content assets or UMG’s ability to maintain, protect or enforce its intellectual property rights.

--- Page 22 ---
19 
Furthermore, laws in various jurisdictions differ from each other in significant respects, and the 
enforcement of such laws can be inconsistent and unpredictable. This could impact UMG’s ability to 
operate its business in various jurisdictions and undertake activities that UMG believes is beneficial to its 
business. For example, the UK Parliamentary Select Committee on Digital, Culture, Media and Sport 
issued its advisory report on 15 July 2021 as part of an inquiry to examine “what economic impact music 
streaming is having on artists, record labels and the sustainability of the wider music industry”. The report 
recommended to the UK government a number of actions to regulate music companies, including on issues 
related to artist and songwriter compensation, which could hinder or add cost to the companies’ operations. 
UMG’s business is also impacted by laws and regulations of the various jurisdictions in which UMG, or 
its partners, operate, including quotas, tax regimes, currency restrictions and data protection regimes. The 
European Union (EU) adopted the Directive on Copyright in the Digital Single Market (the “Copyright 
Directive”) in 2019 to modernize EU copyright rules. The Copyright Directive includes a number of 
relevant provisions, including Article 17, which clarifies the EU copyright safe harbour requiring Online 
Content Sharing Service Providers (OCSSPs or online platforms that host user-generated content) to 
employ “effective and proportionate” measures to prevent unauthorized use of copyrighted materials. The 
EU’s Member States must implement the Copyright Directive via enactment of domestic legislation. While 
some Member States (such as France, The Netherlands, Hungary, Denmark and Malta, among others) are 
implementing the Copyright Directive’s Article 17 faithfully to the legislative intent, a few Member States 
(such as Germany, Belgium and Austria) have implemented legislation that differs significantly from the 
Copyright Directive in letter and spirit – and which would not only undo the benefit of Article 17 but also 
potentially disrupt existing licensing models. Several national implementations may need to be amended 
following a recent European Court of Justice decision. It therefore remains unclear how Article 17 of the 
Copyright Directive will be applied in the different Member States. 
UMG could also be adversely affected by new laws and regulations, by the threat that additional laws or 
regulations may be forthcoming and by changes in existing laws or changes in interpretation of existing 
laws by courts and regulators. For example, legislation had been introduced in California that would amend 
California Labor Code Section 2855 (Section 2855) such that UMG’s ability to recover damages from 
artists that fail to deliver on their contractually promised recordings after more than seven years may be 
hindered. While that proposed legislation did not become law, similar measures could be introduced in the 
future. Similarly, changes in the area of copyright law, in particular, could directly or indirectly affect 
UMG’s operations, the ownership of UMG’s content assets or UMG’s ability to maintain, protect or 
enforce its intellectual property rights. 
Litigation and proceedings before governmental authorities, whether or not UMG is involved in such 
proceedings, may serve as precedents that adversely impact UMG’s operations, ownership of content 
assets or intellectual property rights. UMG could incur substantial costs to comply with new or modified 
laws and regulations or substantial penalties or other liabilities if it fails to comply with any such laws and 
regulations. UMG could also be required by such laws and regulations to change or limit certain of its 
business practices, which could impact its ability to generate revenues. 
Any of the foregoing may adversely impact UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
3.3 
UMG is and could become involved in a number of lawsuits, which could negatively affect 
UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
UMG is and could become involved in a number of lawsuits, disputes or investigations initiated by 
consumers, business partners, competitors, artists, governmental entities, tax authorities and third parties. 
Such lawsuits, disputes or investigations may relate to, inter alia, copyright infringement, contractual 
disputes, employment disputes, antitrust and tax disputes. 
In some of these cases, if UMG fails to negotiate an amicable settlement, it may be ordered to pay damages 
or financial penalties. UMG recognizes a provision each time a risk is identified, is likely to materialize 
and is either quantifiable or can be estimated with reasonable accuracy. In addition to the legal proceedings 
which UMG is currently involved in, it could become involved in litigation in the future. Any of the

--- Page 23 ---
20 
foregoing could have an adverse impact on UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
3.4 
Changes in tax laws or challenges to the Group’s tax position could adversely affect UMG’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
Given the footprint of UMG’s operations globally, UMG is subject to complex tax laws and regulations 
in the various countries where it operates. Adverse developments in applicable tax laws or regulations, or 
any change in the position by the relevant authorities regarding the application, administration or 
interpretation of any applicable tax laws or regulations, could subject UMG to additional or increased tax 
payments, and in turn have a material adverse effect on UMG’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations. If UMG’s tax positions were challenged by tax authorities, the potential imposition of 
additional or increased taxes could require UMG to pay taxes that UMG currently does not collect or pay 
or increase the costs of UMG’s services to track and collect such taxes, which could in turn increase 
UMG’s costs of operations or UMG’s effective tax rate and could have an adverse impact on UMG’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
Moreover, any change in the tax law, such as an increase of tax rate or a change in determination of tax 
basis, could have a material adverse impact on UMG. Given the international nature of UMG’s operations, 
UMG may be particularly impacted by changes to regulations relating to transfer pricing and withholding 
taxes on the repatriation of funds. 
3.5 
UMG may be subject to scrutiny under antitrust and competition laws 
UMG may be subject to scrutiny in the countries and regions where it operates by various government and 
regulatory agencies such as the Federal Trade Commission, the Antitrust Division of the DOJ, the 
European Commission, under US and EU law and regulation, and other foreign laws and regulations, 
including antitrust and competition laws. These and other government agencies, entities and individuals 
have jurisdiction to consider whether UMG’s business practices violate applicable antitrust or competition 
laws of the countries and regions in which UMG operates. UMG’s licensing agreements, including with 
streaming services, satellite radio, and web-based services may be subject to regulatory scrutiny and might 
be the subject of regulatory action or antitrust litigation. 
Any such actions, claims or investigations, even if without foundation, may be very expensive to defend 
or respond to, involve negative publicity and substantial diversion of management time and effort, and 
could result in reputational harm, significant judgments against UMG, or require UMG to change its 
business practices, which may materially and adversely affect UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
3.6 
Export and import control laws and regulations, tariffs and trade barriers could have an 
adverse effect on UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
UMG has offices in more than 60 territories around the world and exports music and merchandise from 
country to country. UMG’s exports not only include physical exports, such as vinyl, CDs and merchandise, 
including apparel, but also digital trade and is subject to a variety of export control and import laws and 
regulations and trade and tariff regulations. Compliance with export control and import laws and 
regulations may create delays in the introduction of UMG’s music and merchandise in international 
markets, resulting in a loss of opportunities and increase costs due to import and export duties and tariffs. 
Any change in export or import laws and regulations, shift in the enforcement or scope of existing laws, 
sanctions and regulations, or change in the countries, governments, persons or technologies targeted by 
such laws and regulations, could also result in decreased ability to export UMG’s music and merchandise 
to consumers. Any limitation on UMG’s ability to export its music or merchandise could materially 
adversely affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.

--- Page 24 ---
21 
3.7 
ESG regulations relating to UMG’s operations could subject UMG to increasing costs and/or 
fines. 
UMG’s operations are subject to European directives and regulations, national, state and local laws, rules, 
taxes and regulations relating to environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) norms. While there is 
growing demand for increased disclosure and transparency, UMG must balance new disclosure 
requirements against the ability to provide relevant, standardized, and accurate data given the guidance 
available. In particular, UMG’s ESG framework complies with the European Union’s Non-Financial 
Reporting Directive and the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, and UMG’s work in each pillar aims to 
contribute to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. The European Union’s Non-Financial 
Reporting Directive and the Dutch Corporate Governance Code primarily affect the way in which UMG 
conducts its operations with regard to sustainability impacts, risks and opportunities (including with 
regards to the monitoring of certain key performance indicators). In many cases, sustainability regulations 
and their related guidance are very new and continue to evolve. Failure to comply therewith due to UMG’s 
inability to adapt to changes in applicable ESG regulations could lead to fines and other penalties. In 
addition, any failure of UMG to meet its ESG commitments, because of unanticipated changes related to 
the monitoring of certain key performance indicators or otherwise, could result in publicity which may 
impact UMG’s brand reputation due to the growing importance attached to certain ESG matters by users 
of sustainability statements and affected stakeholders. In particular, with the growing number of 
environmental regulations, their increased rigor and granularity, and in many cases their lack of 
interoperability, the cost of complying with various environmental requirements, as they now exist or may 
be altered in the future, could materially adversely affect UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
UMG is committed to evaluating its ESG material topics annually. In 2022, UMG conducted a 
comprehensive ESG materiality assessment to identify the environmental, social, and governance topics 
most material to UMG and its stakeholders. In 2023, UMG further validated its material topics with subject 
matter experts and a cross-functional group of over 100 UMG leaders across UMG’s business operations.  
UMG also monitors its compliance with the European Union’s Corporate Sustainability Reporting 
Directive (“CSRD”). In 2023, UMG establish a CSRD Steering Committee to oversee strategic and 
tactical implementation as well as publication of its Sustainability Statement in alignment with the 
regulation, including its double-materiality assessment. UMG’s Board (as defined herein) is responsible 
for sustainable long-term value creation, including the oversight of UMG’s sustainability programme, as 
well as the integrity of UMG’s non-financial reporting. The Audit Committee supports the Board in 
relation to these responsibilities and considers ESG topics as part of its work. If UMG is unable to comply 
with applicable ESG regulations, including CSRD, UMG could be subject to significant costs and/or fines, 
which could in turn materially adversely affect UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme.  
RISK FACTORS CONCERNING THE NOTES 
A. 
Risks related to the structure of an issuance of Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time.

--- Page 25 ---
22 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert 
the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. 
In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer 
converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing rates on its Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
For instance, Investors should be aware that, if Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) were 
unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate Notes which reference EURIBOR will be determined for 
the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when EURIBOR was 
available. 
The Independent Advisor and the Issuer might have conflicts of interests that could have an adverse 
effect on the interests of the Noteholders 
Pursuant to the applicable fallback provisions contained in Condition 4(b)(vii), the Independent Advisor 
will have the discretion to determine whether a successor interest rate for EURIBOR or any other interest 
rate benchmark is available. This may lead to a conflict of interests between the Issuer (being responsible 
for the compensation of the Independent Advisor) and the Independent Advisor, on the one hand, and the 
Noteholders on the other, including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that the 
Independent Advisor may make pursuant to Condition 4(b)(vii), which may influence the amount 
receivable by Noteholders under the Notes. In particular, potential investors should be aware that the Issuer 
may be involved in general business relationship or/and in specific transactions with the Independent 
Advisor and that the latter may hold from time to time debt securities, shares or/and other financial 
instruments of the Issuer. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to changes 
in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their nominal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Furthermore, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the 
price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Such 
volatility could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
An investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer’s 
insolvency. 
The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank pari 
passu among themselves. In the event of the insolvency (bankruptcy (faillissement) or a moratorium 
(surseance van betaling)) or dissolution (ontbinding) or liquidation (vereffening) of the Issuer, the payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes will rank in right of payment after unsubordinated 
unsecured creditors of the Issuer (and any set-off by holders of a Subordinated Note will be excluded until 
all obligations of the Issuer vis-à-vis its unsubordinated unsecured creditors have been satisfied), but will 
rank at least pari passu with all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are not expressed by their 
terms to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes, and in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer. 
Accordingly, although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which 
are not subordinated, there is an enhanced risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some 
of their investment should the Issuer become insolvent.

--- Page 26 ---
23 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, it may make such redemption subject to 
conditions precedent, which makes an announced redemption uncertain. 
In the case of Notes where Issuer Refinancing Call or Issuer Make-whole Redemption Call is specified as 
being applicable in the Final Terms, redemption of such Notes may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject 
to one or more conditions precedent, in which case the notice of redemption shall state the applicable 
condition(s) precedent and that, in the Issuer’s discretion, the Refinancing Repurchase Date or the Make-
whole Redemption Date, as applicable, may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall 
be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur in the event 
that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) 
by the Refinancing Repurchase Date or the Make-whole Redemption Date, as applicable, or by such dates 
so delayed. 
B. 
Risks related to the Notes 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent 
of all investors. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote 
upon matters affecting their interests generally or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of 
electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting, or, as the case may be, did not sign the 
written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the defined majority. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Principal Paying Agent may, without the consent of 
Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification (not being a modification requiring the approval of a meeting 
of Noteholders) of any of the provisions of Notes which is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders or (ii) any modification of the Notes which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made 
to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law or (iii) the substitution of another 
company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, in the circumstances described in 
Condition 16 of the Conditions of the Notes. Any such modification, waiver or substitution may be 
contrary to the interest of one or more Noteholders and as a result the Notes may no longer meet the 
requirements or investment objectives of a Noteholder. 
The value and return of the Notes could be materially adversely impacted by a change in Dutch law or 
administrative practice and the jurisdiction of the courts of the Netherlands. 
The conditions of the Notes are based on Dutch law in effect at the date of this Base Prospectus, as 
supplemented. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
the laws of the Netherlands, the official application, interpretation or the administrative practices after the 
date of this Base Prospectus. Such changes in laws may include amendments to a variety of tools which 
may affect the rights of holders of securities issued by the Issuer, including the Notes. Any such change 
could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Prospective investors should note that the courts of the Netherlands shall have jurisdiction in respect of 
any disputes involving any series of Notes. Noteholders may take any suit, action or proceedings arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes against the Issuer in any court of competent jurisdiction. The laws 
of the Netherlands may be materially different from the equivalent law in the home jurisdiction of 
prospective investors in its application to the Notes and the application of the laws of the Netherlands may 
therefore lead to a different interpretation of, amongst others, the conditions of the Notes than the investor 
may expect if the equivalent law of their home jurisdiction were applied. This may lead to the Notes having 
certain characteristics that are materially different from those the investor may have otherwise expected, 
and may therefore impact the return on the Notes. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued.

--- Page 27 ---
24 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their 
account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without 
first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such 
that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as the result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with 
the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such 
holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a nominal amount of Notes at or 
in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. Therefore, if definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes 
which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may 
be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
C. 
Risks related to the market in respect of the Notes 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which investors could sell their Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop (for example, 
Notes may be allocated to a limited pool of investors). If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. 
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a 
yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the 
case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for 
specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements 
of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary 
market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse 
effect on the market value of Notes. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed trading 
market. 
If investors hold Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, they will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of 
the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the 
Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes as an 
equivalent investment issued at the current market interest rate may be more attractive to investors.

--- Page 28 ---
25 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes. 
The value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness and the credit rating of the Issuer, the 
credit rating of the Notes and a number of additional factors, such as market interest and yield rates and 
the time remaining to the maturity date and more generally all economic, financial and political events in 
any country, including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the 
Notes are traded. 
Moody’s and S&P have assigned credit ratings to the Issuer and Moody’s has assigned a credit rating to 
the Programme (See General Information – Credit Ratings below). One or more independent credit rating 
agencies may also assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all 
risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the 
value of the Notes. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. Such general restriction will also apply in 
the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, 
has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive 
evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between 
certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the 
updated ESMA list. If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, European regulated 
investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different 
regulatory treatment. This may result in European regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact 
the value of the Notes and any secondary market. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the 
Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the 
purchase price paid by such purchaser.

--- Page 29 ---
26 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
as amended. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit 
Financiële Markten, the “AFM”), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The AFM only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus and of the quality of the securities that 
are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any future 
supplements of this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. The source of third-party information is identified where used. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue 
price of Notes and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each 
Tranche of Notes will be set forth in the Final Terms which will be delivered to Euronext Amsterdam on 
or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. 
The Programme provides that the Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see Documents Incorporated by Reference). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed 
on the basis that such documents are incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see Documents 
Incorporated by Reference), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus. The information on any website referred to in this document does not 
form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus. 
An investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an offeror will do so, and offers and sales of 
the Notes to an investor by an offeror will be made, in accordance with any terms and other arrangements 
in place between such offeror and such investor including as to price, allocations and settlement 
arrangements. The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements with investors (other than the 
Dealers) in connection with the offer or sale of the Notes and, accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any 
Final Terms will not contain such information. The investor must look to the offeror at the time of such 
offer for the provision of such information. The Issuer has no responsibility to an investor in respect of 
such information. 
No person has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme should 
be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base

--- Page 30 ---
27 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme should purchase any 
Notes. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility is accepted by the Dealers, in their capacity as such, as to the accuracy or completeness of 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer or for 
any act or omission of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with 
the issue and offering of the Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its 
own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of 
the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
ABN AMRO in its role as a Listing Agent is not responsible for the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer or for any 
act or omission of the Issuer or any other person in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. However, the 
previous statement in no way detracts from the Issuer’s obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offer of Notes to the 
public or issue of Notes to be listed on the regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam in the event of any 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this 
Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes. The Dealers expressly do not undertake 
to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme. Investors should 
review, inter alia, the most recent financial statements of the Issuer when deciding whether or not to 
purchase any Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken 
by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes outside the 
Netherlands or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area 
(including the Netherlands), the UK, Hong Kong, The People’s Republic of China, Singapore and Japan 
(see Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions below). 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a 
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as 
amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared

--- Page 31 ---
28 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors,” the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” 
which may outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” 
which may outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Notice to Canadian investors – In Canada, this document constitutes an offering of the securities only in 
those Canadian jurisdictions and to those persons where and to whom they may be lawfully offered for 
sale, and therein only by persons permitted to sell such securities. The offering of the securities in Canada 
is being made on a private placement basis in reliance on exemptions from the prospectus requirements 
under the securities laws of each applicable Canadian province and territory where the securities may be 
offered and sold, and therein may only be made with investors that are purchasing as principal and that

--- Page 32 ---
29 
qualify as both an “accredited investor” as such term is defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions or, if resident in Ontario, subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and as a 
“permitted client” as such term is defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, 
Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any offer and sale of the securities in any province or 
territory of Canada may only be made through a dealer that is properly registered under the securities 
legislation of the applicable province or territory wherein the securities are offered and/or sold or, 
alternatively, by a dealer that qualifies under and is relying upon an exemption from the registration 
requirements therein. Any resale of the securities must be made in accordance with applicable securities 
laws, which will vary depending on the relevant jurisdiction, and which may require resales to be made in 
accordance with exemptions from registration and prospectus requirements. Canadian purchasers are 
advised to seek legal advice prior to any resale of the securities. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies 
for rescission or damages if this document (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province 
or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
Each dealer may have an ownership, lending or other relationship with the issuer of the securities offered 
by this document that may cause the issuer to be a “related issuer” or “connected issuer” to such dealer, as 
such terms are defined in National Instrument 33-105 – Underwriting Conflicts (“NI 33-105”). Pursuant 
to Sections 3A.3 and/or 3A.4, as applicable, of NI 33-105, each dealer and the Issuer are relying on an 
exemption from the disclosure requirements relating to the relationship between the dealer and the issuer 
prescribed by Section 2.1(1) of NI 33-105. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) 
of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) – Unless otherwise stated in the 
Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations 
on Investment Products). 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms 
may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a 
level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. 
Any such stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it 
must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 
days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to “U.S. dollars,” “U.S.$” and “$” refer to the currency of the 
United States of America, those to “euro,” “EUR” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of 
the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended, those to “Japanese yen,” “yen” and “¥” refer to the currency of Japan, 
those to “CHF” refer to the currency of Switzerland and those to “Sterling” and “£” refer to the currency 
of Great Britain. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law 
is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 33 ---
30 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
The Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments, but instead, purchase complex 
financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate 
addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes unless it has the 
expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on such 
potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any 
Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine 
the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 34 ---
31 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, “forward-looking statements”. 
These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including 
the terms “believes”, “estimates”, “plans”, “projects”, “anticipates”, “expects”, “intends”, “may”, “will” 
or “should” or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions 
of strategy, plans, objectives, goals, future events or intentions. These forward-looking statements include 
all matters that are not historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this Base Prospectus 
and include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the intentions of the Issuer’s beliefs or current 
expectations concerning, among other things, the business, results of operations, financial position and/or 
prospects of UMG and/or UMG’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future 
events and circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the 
financial position and results of operations of the Company, and the development of the markets and the 
industries in which the Company operates, may differ materially from those described in, or suggested by, 
the forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus. In addition, even if the Company’s 
results of operations and financial position, and the development of the markets and the industries in which 
the Company operates, are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Base 
Prospectus, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent 
periods. A number of risks, uncertainties and other factors could cause results and developments to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. See “Risk Factors” above.

--- Page 35 ---
32 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been made public and are available on the Issuer’s 
website, shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the 
Articles 
of 
Association 
of 
the 
Issuer 
which 
are 
available 
at 
https://assets.ctfassets.net/e66ejtqbaazg/4hK6v2FiQROZLkzM8dgTal/bb6ea10e10f2bb6266d27
8ee989f832a/B01_-_Articles_of_Association_of_Universal_Music_Group_N.V..pdf;  
(b) 
the publicly available press release setting out a summary of the unaudited and unreviewed 
quarterly financial results of the Issuer for the first quarter ended 31 March 2024, available at 
https://www.universalmusic.com/universal-music-group-n-v-reports-financial-results-for-the-
first-quarter-ended-march-31-
2024/#:~:text=Music%20Publishing%20revenue%20for%20the,in%20streaming%20and%20sub
scription%20revenue.; 
(c) 
the publicly available audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2023 (prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU, with IFRS as issued by the IASB, and 
with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code) which are available at 
https://view.publitas.com/cfreport/umg-annual-report-2023/page/242 and which appear on pages 
242 to 324 (inclusive) of the UMG Annual Report 2023, which is available at 
https://view.publitas.com/cfreport/umg-annual-report-2023/page/1, and the independent auditor’s 
report which appears therein (on pages 327 to 338); 
(d) 
the publicly available audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022 (prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU, with IFRS as issued by the IASB, and 
with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code) which are available at 
https://view.publitas.com/cfreport/umg-annual-report-2022/page/226 and which appear on pages 
226 to 308 (inclusive) of the UMG Annual Report 2022, which is available at 
https://view.publitas.com/cfreport/umg-annual-report-2022/page/1, and the independent auditors’ 
report which appears therein (on pages 311 to 320); and 
(e) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out in the previous base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
23 
May 
2023, 
pages 
46-74 
(inclusive), 
which 
are 
available 
at 
https://assets.ctfassets.net/e66ejtqbaazg/6aFArPlaYzNvDtKqwYtKg/499019ffdfb304c41aba13f2
d0a9f7ce/2023_Base_Prospectus_EMTN_Program.pdf, prepared in relation to the Programme, 
save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
shall, to the extent applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise) statements contained in a document which is incorporated by reference of an earlier date. Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Those parts of the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus which are not specifically incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are either not 
relevant for prospective investors in the Notes or the relevant information is included elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus. Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will provide, without charge, upon request of such person, a copy of any or all of the documents 
which are incorporated herein by reference. Requests for such documents should be directed to the Issuer 
at its registered office set out at the end of this Base Prospectus. Copies of documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus can also be obtained from the Company’s website 
(https://investors.universalmusic.com/). 
Unless incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the contents of the Company’s website 
(https://www.universalmusic.com/) or of websites accessible from hyperlinks on that website do not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and may not be relied upon in connection with any decision to invest in any 
Notes. Other than the information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the contents of the

--- Page 36 ---
33 
Company’s website (https://www.universalmusic.com/) or of websites accessible from hyperlinks on that 
website have not been scrutinized or approved by the AFM. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
34 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will either be in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”), with or without interest coupons 
(“Coupons”) attached, or in registered form (“Registered Notes”), without Coupons attached. Bearer 
Notes and Registered Notes will be issued to non-U.S. persons outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). 
Bearer Notes 
Prior to the issuance of any Bearer Notes hereunder, the Issuer will confirm with its counsel that all 
documents used in connection with the issuance of such Bearer Notes have been reviewed, revised, and 
updated to the extent necessary to ensure that such documents properly allow for the issuance of Bearer 
Notes in accordance with U.S. federal income tax law. 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially represented by a temporary bearer global Note (the 
“Temporary Bearer Global Note”) (or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent bearer 
global Note (the “Permanent Bearer Global Note”)), without interest coupons or talons which in either 
case will: 
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and/or any other agreed clearing 
system or be deposited with the Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V. 
(“Euroclear Nederland”); and 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearing system or be deposited 
with Euroclear Nederland. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note and issued in compliance with 
the TEFRA D Rules, payments of principal and interest (if any) due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be 
provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of such Note are not United States persons or persons 
who have purchased for resale to any United States person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has 
been received by the relevant clearing system(s) and the relevant clearing system(s) have given a like 
certification (based on the certifications they have received) to the Principal Paying Agent. Any reference 
in this section to the relevant clearing system(s) shall mean the clearance and/or settlement system(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. On or within a reasonable period after the date (the “Exchange 
Date”) which is 40 days after the date on which a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, interests in the 
Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), upon request as described therein, 
either for interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note without interest coupons or talons or for definitive 
Bearer Notes (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each case (if the Bearer Notes are issued in 
compliance with the TEFRA D Rules) against certification of beneficial ownership as described in the 
second sentence of this paragraph unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest or principal due on 
or after the Exchange Date, unless upon due presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for 
exchange as aforesaid, delivery of any of the definitive Bearer Notes or Coupons is improperly withheld 
or refused. 
Definitive Bearer Notes will be in the standard euromarket form. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made through the 
relevant clearing system(s) against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Bearer 
Global Note without any requirement for certification. A Permanent Bearer Global Note will be

--- Page 38 ---
35 
exchangeable (free of charge), in whole or (subject to the Bearer Notes which continue to be represented 
by the Permanent Bearer Global Note being regarded by the relevant clearing system(s) as fungible with 
the definitive Bearer Notes issued in partial exchange for such Permanent Bearer Global Note) in part, in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms for security printed definitive Bearer Notes with, where 
applicable, interest coupons or coupon sheets and talons attached. Such exchange may be made, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, either: (i) upon not less than 30 days’ written notice being given 
to the Principal Paying Agent by a relevant clearing system (acting on the instructions of any of its 
participants) as described therein or (ii) upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event, subject to mandatory 
provisions of applicable laws and regulations. If and for as long as a Permanent Bearer Global Note is 
deposited with Euroclear Nederland, such laws include the Securities Giro Transfer Act (Wet giraal 
effectenverkeer) and delivery (uitlevering) will only be possible in the limited circumstances prescribed 
by the Securities Giro Transfer Act. 
An “Exchange Event” means (1) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9) has occurred and is 
continuing, (2) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or if 
applicable Euroclear Nederland has been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than 
by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or has announced an intention permanently to cease business 
or has in fact done so and no alternative clearing system is available or (3) the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided for or referred to in Condition 7 which would not be required 
were the Bearer Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer 
will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, a relevant clearing system or the 
common depositary or the common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in the global Bearer Note may give notice 
to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event as described in (3) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur no later than 15 days after the date on which the relevant notice 
is received by the Principal Paying Agent. Global Bearer Notes and definitive Bearer Notes will be issued 
pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under Terms and Conditions of the Notes below). At the 
date hereof, neither Euroclear nor Clearstream, Luxembourg, as opposed to Euroclear Nederland, regard 
Bearer Notes in global form as fungible with Bearer Notes in definitive form. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes which have an original maturity of more than one 
year and on all interest coupons (including talons) relating to such Notes (other than Temporary Bearer 
Global Notes) which are issued in compliance with the TEFRA D Rules: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain 
on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Notes or interest coupons. 
The following legend will appear on all global Bearer Notes held in Euroclear Nederland: 
“Notice: This Note is issued for deposit with Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer 
B.V. (“Euroclear Nederland”) at Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Any person being offered this Note for 
transfer or any other purpose should be aware that theft or fraud is almost certain to be involved. 
Notice: The custody of this global certificate by Euroclear Nederland shall be subject to Euroclear 
Nederland’s conditions as in force from time to time. The Issuer hereby declares that it will abide by these 
conditions.”

--- Page 39 ---
36 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold to non-
U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a global note in registered form 
(“Regulation S Global Notes” or “Registered Global Notes”). Prior to expiry of the distribution 
compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests 
in a Regulation S Global Note may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a transferee 
in the United States or who is a U.S. person save as otherwise provided in Condition 2 and may not be 
held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such Regulation S Global Note 
will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case 
may be, for, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Persons 
holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, 
under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Registered Notes. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 
5(d)) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent or the 
Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or 
deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form 
will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the 
relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 5(d)) immediately preceding the due date for payment in 
the manner provided in that Condition. 
Save as otherwise provided in Condition 2, interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable 
(free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons 
attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means 
(1) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9) has occurred and is continuing, (2) in the case of Notes 
registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory 
or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, 
in any such case, no successor clearing system is available, or (3) the Issuer has or will become obliged to 
pay additional amounts as provided for or referred to in Condition 7 which would not be required were the 
Registered Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly 
give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on 
their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) may 
give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event 
as described in (3) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such 
exchange shall occur not later than 15 days after the date on which the relevant notice is received by the 
Registrar. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions and 
Condition 2, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in the form of a Definitive 
Registered Note and Definitive Registered Notes may, subject to compliance with all applicable 
restrictions, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Notes in the form of an interest in a 
Registered Global Note. No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to 
transfer such interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream,

--- Page 40 ---
37 
Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable. Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on 
transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions, see Subscription and Sale. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche 
of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes 
of such further Tranche shall be assigned an ISIN and a common code by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, which are different from the ISIN and common code assigned to Notes of any other Tranche 
of the same Series until at least the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined under 
Regulation S) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9 of the 
Terms and Conditions. In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a global Note and a 
holder of such Note so represented and credited to their account with the relevant clearing system(s) (other 
than Euroclear Nederland) gives notice that it wishes to accelerate such Note, unless within a period of 15 
days from the giving of such notice payment has been made in full of the amount due in accordance with 
the terms of such global Note, holders of interests in such global Note credited to their accounts with the 
relevant clearing system(s) (other than Euroclear Nederland) will become entitled to proceed directly 
against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by the relevant clearing system(s) (other 
than Euroclear Nederland) on and subject to the terms of the relevant global Note. In the case of a global 
Bearer Note deposited with Euroclear Nederland, the rights of Noteholders will be exercised in accordance 
with the provisions of such global Bearer Note and the provisions of the Securities Giro Transfer Act (Wet 
giraal effectenverkeer). 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the 
time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person 
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
Issuer and its agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose 
the bearer of the relevant global Bearer Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global 
Note shall be treated by the Issuer and its agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant global Note and the expressions “Noteholder” 
and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 41 ---
38 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as 
amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for 
 
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products or the issuer wishes to prohibit 
offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable.” 
2  
Legend to be included unless the Final Terms for an offer of Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable.”

--- Page 42 ---
39 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) 
of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) – In connection with Section 309B 
of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP 
Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes as prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendation on Investment Products).] 
[Date] 
Universal Music Group N.V. 
Legal entity identifier (“LEI”): 724500GJBUL3D9TW9Y18 
Incorporated in the Netherlands as a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) 
with its corporate seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the base prospectus dated 29 May 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [●]] [and [●]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein which have been prepared for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms have been published 
on https://investors.universalmusic.com/. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated [●] which are incorporated by reference in the base 
prospectus dated 29 May 2024. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus 
dated 29 May 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [●] [and [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”), including the 
Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
The Base Prospectus has been published on https://investors.universalmusic.com. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as ‘Not Applicable’ (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if ‘Not Applicable’ is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.][If the Notes have a maturity of 
less than one (1) year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may need to be €100,000 or 
its equivalent in any other currency.]

--- Page 43 ---
40 
1. 
Issuer: 
Universal Music Group N.V. 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[ 
] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the 
Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, 
as referred to in paragraph 24 below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ 
] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[ 
] 
5. 
Issue Price of Tranche: 
[ 
] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert date]] 
(if applicable) 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: (in 
the case of Registered Notes this 
means the minimum integral 
amount in which transfers can 
be made) 
[ 
] 
[ 
] 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of EUR 100,000 (or equivalent)) 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. 
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”) 
 
(b) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(Applicable 
to 
Notes 
in 
definitive form) 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert 
the highest common factor. Note: There must be 
a common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[      ] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]

--- Page 44 ---
41 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating rate notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year].] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[ 
] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR] +/- [ 
] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [15]/[16]/[17] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [ 
] per cent. of their 
nominal amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 15 
and 16 below and identify there] [Not 
Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Refinancing Call] 
[Issuer Make-whole Redemption Call]  
[Issuer Residual Call] 
[Investor Put – Change of Control] 
[(see paragraph [18]/[19]/[20]/[21]/[22] below)]  
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior/Subordinated] 
 
[(ii) 
Date corporate approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[ 
] [and [  
], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Management Board 
(or similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular tranche of Notes) 
14. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
Provisions Relating to Interest (if any) Payable 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 45 ---
42 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[ 
] per cent. per annum payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ 
] in each year, commencing on [●], up to 
and including the Maturity Date/[specify other] 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case of 
long or short coupons) 
 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s): 
(Applicable 
to 
Notes 
in 
definitive form) 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): (Applicable 
to Notes in definitive form) 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(vi) 
[Determination Date[s]: 
[[    ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon (NB: This will need 
to be amended in the case of regular interest 
payments which are not of equal duration) (NB: 
Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(iii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ 
] 
 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(v) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[ 
] (the “Calculation Agent”)

--- Page 46 ---
43 
 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[ 
] month EURIBOR 
 
– 
Determination Date(s): 
[ 
] 
(Second day on which T2 (or any successor 
thereto) is open for the payment in euro prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ 
] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph (vii)) 
[(If 
applicable, 
note 
that 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event,” “Generic 
Fallbacks” and “Calculation Agent Alternative 
Rate Determination” are not workable in a notes 
context. 
Amendments will therefore need to be made to 
the Conditions which will require a PR 
drawdown prospectus for the issue)] 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ 
] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure 
this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)) 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[ 
] 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[ 
] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the interest period) 
 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ 
] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ 
] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)  
Actual/365 (Fixed)

--- Page 47 ---
44 
Actual/365 (Sterling)  
Actual/360  
30/360 
30E/360 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
(See Condition 4 for alternatives)] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ 
] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[ 
] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in Relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
and late payment: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360]  
[Actual/365] 
Provisions Relating to Redemption 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(A) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[ 
] 
 
(B) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[ 
] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than set 
out in the Conditions): 
[ 
] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
19. 
Issuer Refinancing Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 48 ---
45 
 
(i) 
Date 
from 
which 
Issuer 
Refinancing 
Call 
may 
be 
exercised: 
(To be three months prior to Maturity Date of the 
Notes unless another date is specified above for 
Notes issued with an initial maturity of less than 
five years) 
 
(ii) 
Notice period (if other than set 
out in the Conditions): 
[ 
] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
20. 
Make-whole Redemption Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notice period (if other than set 
out in the Conditions): 
[ 
] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
 
(ii) 
Parties to be notified by Issuer 
of Make-whole Redemption 
Date 
and 
Make-whole 
Redemption 
Amount 
in 
addition to those set out in 
Condition 6(c)(C): 
[ 
]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Discounting basis for purposes 
of calculating sum of the present 
values 
of 
the 
Remaining 
scheduled 
payments 
of 
principal 
and 
interest 
on 
Redeemed 
Notes 
in 
the 
determination of the Make-
whole Redemption Amount: 
[Annual/Semi-Annual/Quarterly] 
 
(iv) 
Make-whole 
Redemption 
Margin: 
[ 
] 
 
(v) 
Quotation Agent: 
[ 
] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Reference Dealers: 
[give details] 
 
(vii) 
Reference Security: 
[give details] 
21. 
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 49 ---
46 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notice period (if other than set 
out in the Conditions): 
[ 
] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
 
(ii) 
Outstanding aggregate nominal 
amount threshold (if other than 
set out in the Conditions): 
[ 
] or less 
22. 
Investor Put – Change of Control: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount] 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount/As set out in 
Condition 6(e)] 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e., par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider). If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what 
the Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
General Provisions Applicable to the Notes 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Bearer Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Notes [on 30 
days’ notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange 
Event, 
subject 
to 
mandatory 
provisions of applicable laws and regulations].] 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Bearer Notes on and after the 
Exchange Date. [subject to mandatory provisions 
of applicable laws and regulations].] 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Bearer Notes [on 30 days’ notice 
given at any time/only upon an Exchange Event, 
subject to mandatory provisions of applicable 
laws and regulations].]] 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording 
in the “Form of the Notes” section in the Base 
Prospectus and the Notes themselves. N.B. The

--- Page 50 ---
47 
exchange upon notice/at any time options should 
not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 
includes language substantially to the following 
effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].” 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issue of Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary/Permanent 
Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes.) 
[Registered Notes: 
Regulation S Global Note ([ ] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/ 
a 
common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg] (specify nominal amounts).] 
 
(ii) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
 
(iii) 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes] [No] 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and 
place of payment and not the end dates of Interest 
Periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest to which paragraph 16(iii) 
relates) 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
28. 
For the purposes of Condition 13, 
notices to be published in the Financial 
Times: 
[Yes/No] 
29. 
Condition 7(a) or 7(b) of the Notes 
applies: 
[Condition 7(a) applies and Condition 6(b) does 
not apply/Condition 7(b) applies and Condition 
6(b) applies] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information], has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Universal Music Group N.V.  
By: 
........................................................

--- Page 51 ---
48 
Duly authorised 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to [trading on 
the 
regulated 
market 
of 
Euronext 
Amsterdam/specify other relevant regulated and, if 
relevant, listing on an official list] with effect from 
[ ].] [Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted 
to [trading on Euronext Amsterdam/specify other 
relevant regulated and, if relevant, listing on an 
official list] with effect from [ ].] [Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[ 
] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have been][are expected to 
be] rated [ ] by [Insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency] 
[Each of] [name of credit rating agency/ies] is 
established in the European Union and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the “CRA Regulation”). 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
Save for [any fees]/[the fees of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the 
Managers/Dealer, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes 
has an interest material to the offer. The Managers/Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, 
and may in the future engage, in lending, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS

--- Page 52 ---
49 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus/Give 
details] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from 
what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give 
details) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[ 
] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[ 
] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[ 
] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ 
] 
(v) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(vi) 
FISN: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(vii) 
Any clearing systems(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A. 
and 
the 
Relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(viii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(ix) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[ 
] 
(x) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes][No] 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, that is, held 
under the NSS,] [include this text for Registered 
Notes which are to be held under the NSS] and does

--- Page 53 ---
50 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria.] [include this text if “yes” 
selected in which case Bearer Notes must be issued 
in NGN form] 
[Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such 
that the Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common Safekeeper)] [include this text for 
Registered Notes which are to be held under the 
NSS]. Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
[include this text if “no” selected] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(ii) 
Stabilisation Manager[s] (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D Rules 
applicable/TEFRA C Rules applicable/TEFRA not 
applicable] 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and 
no key information document will be prepared in 
the EEA, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged”

--- Page 54 ---
51 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 55 ---
52 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of Notes to be issued by the Issuer which will be incorporated 
by reference into each global Note and which will be endorsed on (or, if permitted by the rules of Euronext 
Amsterdam and agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, incorporated by reference into) each 
definitive Note in the standard euromarket form. The applicable Final Terms will be endorsed on, 
incorporated by reference into, or attached to, each global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be 
made to “Applicable Final Terms” above for a description of the content of Final Terms which includes 
the definition of certain terms used in the following Terms and Conditions. 
This Note is one of a series of Notes issued by Universal Music Group N.V. (the “Issuer,” which 
expression shall include any Substituted Debtor (as defined in Condition 16)) pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement (as defined below). References herein to the ‘Notes’ shall be references to the Notes of this 
Series (as defined below) and shall mean (i) in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, units of 
each Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency, (ii) definitive Notes in bearer form (“Bearer 
Notes”) issued in exchange (or part exchange) for a global Note in bearer form, (iii) any definitive Notes 
in registered form (“Registered Notes”) (whether or not issued in exchange (or part exchange) for a global 
Note in registered form) and (iv) any global Note. The holders of the Notes and the Coupons (as defined 
below) are deemed to have notice of, are entitled to the benefit of and are subject to the provisions of an 
Agency Agreement dated 29 May 2024 (the “Agency Agreement”), as further amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time and made between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A. as issuing 
and principal paying agent and agent bank (the “Principal Paying Agent,” which expression shall include 
any successor principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the 
Principal Paying Agent, the “Paying Agents,” which expression shall include any additional or successor 
paying agents), Citibank Europe PLC as registrar (the “Registrar,” which expression shall include any 
successor registrar), Citibank, N.A. as exchange agent (the “Exchange Agent,” which expression shall 
include any successor exchange agent) and as transfer agent and the other transfer agents named therein 
(together with the Registrar, the “Transfer Agents” (such agents being together referred to as “Agents”), 
which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents). 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) have 
interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated in the applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons 
(“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Notes and global 
Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. Any reference herein to “Noteholders” shall 
mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) the holders of the Notes, and (in the case of Registered Notes) the 
persons in whose names the Notes are registered, and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a global 
Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to “Couponholders” shall mean the holders 
of the Coupons, and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. Any 
holders mentioned above include those having a credit balance in the collective depots held by a participant 
of Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V. (“Euroclear Nederland”). 
The Final Terms for this Note is endorsed hereon or attached hereto or applicable hereto or incorporated 
by reference herein and supplements these Terms and Conditions. References herein to the applicable 
Final Terms are to the Final Terms for this Note. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and 
“Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (i) 
expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to 
listing) from the date on which such consolidation is expressed to take effect except for their respective 
Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available free of charge at the registered office of the Issuer and 
at the specified offices of the Paying Agents and in an electronic form on the website of the Issuer 
(https://investors.universalmusic.com).

--- Page 56 ---
53 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, are entitled to the benefit of and 
are subject to all the provisions of the applicable Final Terms which are binding on them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated, and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement 
and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, 
in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency, the Specified 
Denomination(s) and the Form(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that in the case 
of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”), the minimum Specified Denomination shall be 
€100,000. 
This Note is a Senior Note or a Subordinated Note as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. This 
Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending on the Interest Basis and Redemption/Payment Basis indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Bearer Notes in definitive form are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon 
Notes in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are 
not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. For Notes held by Euroclear Nederland deliveries will be made in accordance 
with the Securities Giro Transfer Act (Wet giraal effectenverkeer). Except as ordered by a court 
of competent jurisdiction or as required by law or applicable regulations, the Issuer and the Agents 
may deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any 
Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any 
notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all 
purposes but, in the case of any global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next 
succeeding paragraph. 
Notes denominated in euro or, as the case may be, such other currency recognised from time to 
time for the purposes of eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem, are intended to be held in a manner, which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Therefore, these Notes will initially be deposited upon issue with Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) as common 
safekeeper. Adoption of the safekeeping procedure does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note held on behalf of or deposited with 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal 
amount of Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the

--- Page 57 ---
54 
holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the 
payment of principal or interest on the Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant global 
Bearer Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the 
Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of 
the relevant global Note (and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly). Notes which are represented by a global Note held 
by a common depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or deposited with Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg as common safekeeper will be transferable only in accordance with 
the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms but shall not include Euroclear Nederland. 
2. 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if 
appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors 
and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be exchangeable for Registered 
Notes in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note only in the 
authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the 
rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency 
Agreement. 
(b) 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraphs (e), (f) and (g) below, upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be 
transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final 
Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (i) the holder or holders must (a) surrender the 
Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the 
Registered Note) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent with the form of transfer thereon 
duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in 
writing and (b) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant 
Transfer Agent and (ii) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied 
with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request and that the transfer 
is in compliance with the transfer restrictions set forth in such Registered Note. Any such transfer 
will be subject to such regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe 
(the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 9 to the Agency Agreement). Subject as 
provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this 
purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the 
relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to 
comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or 
procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of 
the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new 
Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or 
the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a 
Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the 
balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk 
of the transferor) sent to the transferor.

--- Page 58 ---
55 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder of a 
Registered Note in definitive form to a transferee in the United States or who is a U.S. person will 
not permitted. After expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, such restriction will 
no longer apply to such transfers. 
(c) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 6, the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial 
redemption. 
(d) 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover 
any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the 
registration. 
(e) 
Transfers of interests in Global Notes 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder of, or of 
a beneficial interest in, a Registered Global Note to a transferee in the United States or who is a 
U.S. person will not be permitted. After expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period 
such restriction will no longer apply to such transfers. 
(f) 
Definitions 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
“Distribution Compliance Period” means the period that ends 40 days after the completion of 
the distribution of each Tranche of Notes; 
“Registered Global Note” means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold outside the 
United States in reliance on Regulation S; 
“Regulation S” means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
3. 
Status of the Notes and Negative Pledge 
(a) 
Status of the Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes and the relative Coupons constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and (with 
the exception of obligations in respect of national and local taxes and certain other statutory 
exceptions) equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Negative Pledge relating to the Senior Notes 
So long as the Senior Notes or any relative Coupons remain outstanding, the Issuer will not, and 
will procure that its subsidiaries Universal International Music B.V. and Universal Music Group, 
Inc. (the “Specified Subsidiaries”) will not, secure by lien, pledge or other charge upon the whole 
or part of their assets any present or future Public Debt (as defined below) of the Issuer or the 
Specified Subsidiaries without at the same time securing the Senior Notes equally and rateably 
with such Public Debt or providing such other security as the Senior Noteholders may approve by

--- Page 59 ---
56 
an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement). “Public Debt” means any 
loan, debt, guarantee or other obligation for repayment of borrowed money which is represented 
by bonds or notes or other securities which have an initial life exceeding one year and which are 
capable of being listed on any stock exchange or over the counter or similar securities market. For 
the purposes of avoiding any doubt in respect of asset-backed financings originated by the Issuer 
or the Specified Subsidiaries, the expression “assets” as used in this clause (b) does not include 
assets of the Issuer or the Specified Subsidiaries that are charged or sold on a customary non-
recourse basis for the purposes of securing such asset-backed financings, determined in 
accordance with the law applicable to such transaction. 
(c) 
Status and Subordination of the Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes (being those Notes that specify their status as Subordinated) and the 
Coupons relating to them constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank 
pari passu and without any preference among themselves. In the event of the insolvency 
(bankruptcy) (faillissement) or moratorium (surseance van betaling) or dissolution (ontbinding) 
or liquidation (vereffening) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under or in respect 
of the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons relating to them, shall rank in right of payment after 
unsubordinated unsecured creditors of the Issuer, and any set-off by holders of a Subordinated 
Note shall be excluded until all obligations of the Issuer vis-à-vis its unsubordinated unsecured 
creditors have been satisfied, but at least pari passu with all other subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer that are not expressed by their terms to rank junior to the obligations of the Issuer under or 
in respect of the Subordinated Notes, and in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer. 
4. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending 
on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on 
any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect 
of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) 
Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A)the 
Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resulting figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, 
as applicable, to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rates Notes which are

--- Page 60 ---
57 
Registered Notes in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes 
which are Bearer Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form 
is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed 
Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4(a): 
(i) 
if ‘Actual/Actual (ICMA)’ is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual 
Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(i) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; 
(ii) 
if ‘30/360’ is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
period from and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date (such 
number of days being calculated on the basis of 12 30-day months) divided by 
360. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
“Determination Period” means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, 
means one cent.

--- Page 61 ---
58 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate equal to the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an “Interest Payment Date”) which falls on the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in 
these Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment 
Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date) or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other 
than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is 
no numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day 
in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and

--- Page 62 ---
59 
foreign currency deposits) in London and in any Additional Business Centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day 
on which the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem (“T2”) 
or any successor thereto is open for the settlement of payments in euro. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of the Floating Rate Notes will 
be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the “ISDA Definitions”) 
and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is the period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate,” “Calculation 
Agent,” “Floating Rate Option,” “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen 
Page); or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,

--- Page 63 ---
60 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement 
page on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the Determination Date in question plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (1) above, no 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of (2), fewer than three offered quotations 
appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, any international credit institution 
or financial services institution appointed by the Issuer shall request each of the 
Reference Banks to provide such international credit institution or financial 
services institution appointed by the Issuer with its offered quotation (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Specified Time on the Determination Date in question, and the international credit 
institution or financial services institution shall pass on such quotation to the 
Calculation Agent. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
international credit institution or financial services institution appointed by the 
Issuer with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the international credit institution or financial services institution appointed by the 
Issuer with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate 
of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the 
Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the international credit institution or 
financial services institution appointed by the Issuer (which shall then 
communicate this to the Calculation Agent) by the Reference Banks or any two 
or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified 
Time on the relevant Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for 
a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the international credit institution or financial 
services institution appointed by the Issuer with offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for 
the purpose) informs the international credit institution or financial services 
institution appointed by the Issuer (which shall in turn inform the Calculation 
Agent) it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as

--- Page 64 ---
61 
at the last preceding Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
In this Condition 4(b)(ii)(B): 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, in each case selected by any international credit institution or financial 
services institution appointed by the Issuer after consultation with the Issuer. 
“Specified Time” means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a determination 
of EURIBOR). 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall in no event be less 
than such Minimum Rate of Interest and/or if it specifies a Maximum Rate of 
Interest for any Interest Period, then the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall in no event be greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest 
Amount”) payable on the Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global 
Note or (ii) Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of (x) the Notes represented by such Global 
Note or (y) such Registered Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive 
form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, 
and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form 
is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect 
of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without 
any further rounding.

--- Page 65 ---
62 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
interest in accordance with this Condition 4(b): 
(1) 
if ‘Actual/Actual (ISDA)’ or ‘Actual/Actual’ is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 
365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling 
in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(2) 
if ‘Actual/365 (Fixed)’ is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(3) 
if ‘Actual/365 (Sterling)’ is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case 
of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(4) 
if ‘Actual/360’ is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(5) 
if “30/360,” “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(i) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1) 
 
_________________________________________ 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls;

--- Page 66 ---
63 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(ii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30. 
(v) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount 
for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to 
the Issuer and, so long as the relevant Floating Rate Notes are listed and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam, the Issuer shall notify 
to Euronext Amsterdam and notice thereof shall be published in accordance with 
Condition 13 as soon as possible after the Calculation Agent’s determination but 
in no event later than the fourth London Business Day (as defined below) 
following the commencement of the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be 
promptly notified to the Noteholders and, so long as the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Amsterdam, to Euronext Amsterdam in accordance with Condition 13. For the 
purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for business in London. 
(vi) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
the provisions of this paragraph (b) by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence 
of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, if applicable, the other Agents and 
all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability

--- Page 67 ---
64 
to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(vii) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(A) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when the 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest Period 
remains to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Advisor, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with this 
Condition 4(b)(vii)(B)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any 
(in accordance with Condition 4(b)(vii)(D)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4(b)(vii)(E)). 
In making such determination, Independent Adviser appointed pursuant 
to this Condition 4(b)(vii) shall act in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent 
Advisor shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents 
or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 4(b)(vii). 
(B) 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Advisor or (ii) the 
Independent Advisor appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate 
or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 
4(b)(vii) prior to the relevant Determination Date, the Reference Rate 
applicable to the immediately following Interest Period shall be the 
Reference Rate applicable as at the last preceding Determination Date. If 
there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall 
be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this paragraph of 
Condition 4(b)(vii) shall apply to the immediately following Interest 
Period only. Any subsequent Interest Period may be subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 4(b)(vii). 
(C) 
If the Independent Advisor determines in its discretion that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject 
to adjustment as provided in Condition 4(b)(vii)(D)) subsequently 
be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest for the immediately following Interest Period and all 
following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 4(b)(vii); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, 
then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 4(b)(vii)(D)) subsequently be used in place 
of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the 
immediately following Interest Period and all following Interest 
Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
4(b)(vii). 
(D) 
If the Independent Advisor determines in its discretion (i) that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula 
or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such

--- Page 68 ---
65 
Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be). 
(E) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(vii) and the 
Independent Advisor determines in its discretion (i) that amendments to 
these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following consultation 
with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(vii)(F), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of relevant Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice (and for the avoidance of doubt, the Principal Paying Agent shall, 
at the direction and expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect such 
consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these 
Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 
4(b)(vii)). 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
4(b)(vii)(E), so long as the Notes are being listed and admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam, the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of Euronext Amsterdam. 
(F) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this 
Condition 4(b)(vii) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
(G) 
No later than notifying the Principal Paying Agent of the same, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the 
relevant Successor Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Alternative Rate and, (z) where applicable, any relevant 
Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any relevant 
Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(b)(vii); and 
(ii) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such relevant 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
(H) 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 
4(b)(vii)(A), (B), (C), (D) and (E), the Reference Rate and the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B) will continue to apply 
unless and until the Calculation Agent has been notified of the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment 
Spread and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with Condition 
4(b)(vii)(F).

--- Page 69 ---
66 
(I) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such 
certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the 
determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the other Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(J) 
As used in this Condition 4(b)(vii): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in 
either case, which the Independent Advisor determines is required to be 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to 
the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate), the Independent Advisor, determines is 
customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for 
the Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate) the Independent Advisor determines, is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(iv) 
(if the Independent Advisor determines that no such industry 
standard is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent 
Advisor determines to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which 
the Independent Advisor determines in accordance with Condition 
4(b)(vii) is customary in market usage in the international debt capital 
markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) in the Specified Currency. 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(A) 
the relevant Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least 
five Business Days or ceasing to exist or be administered; 
(B) 
the later of (I) the making of a public statement by the 
administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that it will, on or 
before a specified date, cease, publishing such Reference Rate

--- Page 70 ---
67 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of such Reference Rate) and (II) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (B)(I) above; 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that such Reference 
Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
(D) 
the later of (I) the making of a public statement by the supervisor 
of the administrator of the Reference Rate that the Reference 
Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued and (II) the date falling six months prior 
to the specified date referred to in (D)(I) above; 
(E) 
the later of (I) the making of a public statement by the supervisor 
of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that means 
that such Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (II) 
the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to 
in (E)(I) above; 
(F) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the relevant Reference Rate announcing that 
such Reference Rate is no longer representative or may no longer 
be used; and/or it has or will become unlawful or otherwise 
prohibited for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying 
Agent or any other party to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate or 
otherwise make use of the relevant Reference Rate with respect 
to the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 
4(b)(vii)(E). 
“Independent Advisor” means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or other independent financial advisor experienced in 
the international capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at 
its own expense under Condition 4(b)(vii). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for 
the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the

--- Page 71 ---
68 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or 
(d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(c) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation 
thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will 
continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received 
by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and notice to that effect 
has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
5. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or by a cheque in such 
Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of 
such Specified Currency; and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of 
the payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (A) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (B) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against surrender of definitive Bearer 
Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made as aforesaid only against surrender of Coupons, in each case at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as 
the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each 
amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of

--- Page 72 ---
69 
the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 7) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise 
have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due. Upon any Fixed Rate Note in bearer form becoming due and 
repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will 
become void and no further Coupons in respect of any such Talons will be issued. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. Where any such Note is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons or Talons relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the 
provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate 
Note in bearer form (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose 
nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such 
Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate 
amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such 
Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only 
against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of global Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any global Note in 
bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
definitive Bearer Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant global Bearer Note 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such global Bearer Note at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made against 
presentation or surrender of such global Bearer Note, distinguishing between any payment of 
principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such global Bearer Note by such Paying 
Agent (and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been made) 
or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be 
made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying 
Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of 
the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of 
holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar (the “Register”) (i) where in global 
form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in 
definitive form, at the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on 
which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) 
before the relevant due date. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a holder does not have 
a Designated Account or (ii) the nominal amount of the Notes held by a holder is less than 
U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment will 
instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined 
below). For these purposes, “Designated Account” means the account maintained by a holder 
with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and “Designated Bank” means (in 
the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial

--- Page 73 ---
70 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank 
which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be 
made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured 
mail on the business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located 
immediately preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of 
the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for 
business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form and at the close of business 
on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due 
date (the “Record Date”) at their address shown in the Register on the Record Date and at their 
risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three 
business days in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date 
for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer 
on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for 
transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on 
redemption) in respect of the Registered Notes which become payable to the holder who has made 
the initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such 
holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption will be made 
in the same manner as payment of the nominal amount of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in 
accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
(e) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a 
particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such global Note must look solely to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to 
the order of, the holder of such global Note. No person other than the holder of such global Note 
shall have any claim against the Issuer in respect of any payments due on that global Note. 
(f) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For 
these purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which, subject to Condition 8, is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form, the relevant place of presentation; and

--- Page 74 ---
71 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 or any successor thereto is open 
for the settlement of payments in euro. 
(g) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
7; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(v) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest 
under Condition 7. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (in the 
case of Notes other than Floating Rate Notes,) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable) if, on the occasion of the next 
payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes. Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at their 
Early Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph (e) below together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(A) 
Issuer Call 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given:

--- Page 75 ---
72 
(i) 
not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice or such other period of notice as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13; and 
(ii) 
not less than 10 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of a redemption of Registered Notes, the 
Registrar, 
(both of which notices shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some 
only of the Notes then outstanding on the Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the Optional Redemption Date(s). 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount or not more than a Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Furthermore, any such redemption may, 
at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent. 
If such redemption is subject to satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, the notice 
of such redemption shall state the applicable condition(s) precedent and that, in the 
Issuer’s discretion, the redemption date may be delayed until such time as any or all such 
conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer), or such redemption may not occur 
and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not 
have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer) by the redemption date, or by the redemption 
date so delayed. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed 
Notes”) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) and/or Euroclear 
Nederland, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note, not more than 30 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called 
the “Selection Date”). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a 
list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with 
Condition 13 not less than 10 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of 
the relevant global Note will be permitted during the period from and including the 
Selection Date to and including the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this paragraph 
(A) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 at least 3 days prior to the Selection Date. 
(B) 
Issuer Refinancing Call 
If Issuer Refinancing Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given: 
(i) 
not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice or such other period of notice as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13; and 
(ii) 
not less than 10 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of a redemption of Registered Notes, the 
Registrar, 
(both of which notices shall specify the date fixed for redemption), at any time, or from 
time to time, on or after the date that is three months prior to the Maturity Date of the 
Notes (unless another date is specified in the applicable Final Terms for Notes issued with

--- Page 76 ---
73 
an initial maturity of less than five years), redeem all or some of the Notes then outstanding 
on such redemption date (the “Refinancing Repurchase Date”) at their nominal amount 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Refinancing 
Repurchase Date. Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject 
to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the 
Issuer’s discretion, the Refinancing Repurchase Date may be delayed until such time as 
any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), 
or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any 
or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion) by the Refinancing Repurchase Date, or by the Refinancing Repurchase Date 
as so delayed. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(c)(A) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Condition 6(c)(B). 
(C) 
Issuer Make-whole Redemption Call 
If the Issuer Make-whole Redemption Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice or such other period of notice as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i) above, notice 
to the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of a redemption of Registered Notes, 
the Quotation Agent and such other parties as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, 
(both of which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
on the dates specified in the applicable Final Terms redeem all or some only of the Notes 
then outstanding on such redemption date (each such date, a “Make-whole Redemption 
Date”) at their relevant Make-whole Redemption Amount. Any such notice of redemption 
may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which 
case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer’s discretion, the Make-whole Redemption 
Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or 
waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such 
notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been 
satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Make-whole Redemption 
Date, or by the Make-whole Redemption Date so delayed. 
“Calculation Date” means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 4 above) prior 
to the Make-whole Redemption Date. 
“Make-whole Redemption Amount” means the sum of: 
(i) 
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) 
the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of 
principal and interest on such Notes to the Maturity Date or, if Issuer Refinancing 
Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the date that is three months 
prior to the Maturity Date or such other date as is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms for Notes issued with an initial maturity of less than five years (in each 
case, excluding any interest accruing on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant 
Make-whole Redemption Date), discounted to the relevant Make-whole 
Redemption Date on either an annual, a semi-annual or a quarterly basis (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) at the Make-whole Redemption Rate plus 
a Make-whole Redemption Margin; and

--- Page 77 ---
74 
(ii) 
any interest accrued but not paid on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole 
Redemption Date, 
as determined by the Quotation Agent and as notified on the Calculation Date by the 
Quotation Agent to the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and such other parties as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Make-whole Redemption Margin” means the margin specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Make-whole Redemption Rate” means the average of the number of quotations given 
by the Reference Dealers of the mid-market yield to maturity of the Reference Security 
on the third Business Day preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. 
(Central European Time (“CET”)). 
“Quotation Agent” means any Dealer if so appointed by the Issuer or any other 
international credit institution or financial services institution appointed by the Issuer for 
the purpose of determining the Make-whole Redemption Amount, in each case as such 
Quotation Agent is identified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the banks, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
selected by the Quotation Agent, which are primary European government security 
dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
“Reference Security” means the security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
If a Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the 
Quotation Agent at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the Calculation Date, quoted in writing by the 
Quotation Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer 
as the Reference Security having actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the 
remaining term of the Notes (which shall be determined by reference to the maturity of 
the Notes, unless the Issuer Refinancing Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in 
which case the term shall be determined by reference to the date from which Issuer 
Refinancing Call may be exercised) that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making 
of each determination or calculation by the Quotation Agent shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(c)(A) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Condition 6(c)(C). 
(D) 
Issuer Residual Call 
Unless the Issuer has at any time notified the Noteholders that it is exercising the Issuer 
Make-whole Redemption Call set out Condition 6(c)(C) in respect of the Notes, if Issuer 
Residual Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms and, at any time, the outstanding 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is, unless any other threshold is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, 25 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the Series 
issued, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice or such other period of notice as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13; and

--- Page 78 ---
75 
(ii) 
not less than 10 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of a redemption of Registered Notes, the 
Registrar, 
(both of which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem the Notes then outstanding at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this 
Note is a Floating Rate Note), at the Early Redemption Amount, together, if appropriate, 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(d) 
Redemption of Notes at the Option of the Noteholders in the event of a Change of Control 
(Investor Put) 
If Investor Put – Change of Control is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the following 
provisions will apply. If there occurs a Change of Control (as defined below) and within the 
Change of Control Period (as defined below) a Rating Downgrade (as defined below) in respect 
of that Change of Control occurs (together called a “Put Event”), the holder of each Note will 
have the option (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice referred to below, the Issuer 
gives notice to redeem the Notes under Condition 6(c)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the 
Issuer’s option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Note on the Optional Redemption Date 
(as defined below) at its nominal amount together with (or, where purchased, together with an 
amount equal to) accrued interest to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date. 
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s Investors Service, S&P Investors Ratings Services or Fitch 
Ratings and their respective successors or affiliates or any other rating agency of equivalent 
international standing specified from time to time by the Issuer. 
“A Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if 
within the Change of Control Period the ratings previously assigned to the Issuer by any two 
Rating Agencies (if three Rating Agencies have assigned a prior rating to the Issuer) or the rating 
previously assigned to the Issuer by any Rating Agency (if only one or two Rating Agencies have 
assigned a prior rating to the Issuer) is (x) withdrawn or (y) changed from an investment grade 
rating (BBB-/Baa3, or their respective equivalents for the time being, or better) to a non-
investment grade rating (BB+/Ba1, or their respective equivalents for the time being, or worse) or 
(z) (if the rating assigned to the Issuer by any two Rating Agencies shall be below an investment 
grade rating at the time the Change of Control occurred) lowered one full rating category (from 
BB+/Ba1 to BB/Ba2 or such similar lower or equivalent rating); provided that no Rating 
Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control if the 
Rating Agency making the change in or withdrawing the rating does not announce publicly or 
confirm in writing to the Issuer that the withdrawal or change was the result, in whole or part, of 
the Change of Control. 
“A Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred at the time (whether or not approved 
by the Management Board or Supervisory Board of the Issuer) that any person or persons 
(“Relevant Person(s)”) acting in concert or any person or persons acting on behalf of any such 
Relevant Person(s), at any time directly or indirectly or acquire(s) or come(s) to own (A) more 
than 50 per cent. of the issued ordinary share capital of the Issuer or (B) such number of the shares 
in the capital of the Issuer carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights normally exercisable 
at a general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer. 
“Change of Control Period” means the period ending 90 days after the occurrence of the Change 
of Control. 
The “Change of Control Redemption Date” is the seventh day after the last day of the Put Period. 
Within ten Business Days of becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give 
notice (a “Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 specifying the

--- Page 79 ---
76 
nature of the Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the 
option contained in this Condition 6(d). 
To exercise the option to require redemption or purchase of a Note under this Condition 6(d) in 
relation to a Change of Control, the holder of that Note must deliver such Note, on any Business 
Day (as defined in Condition 4) in the city of the specified office of the relevant Paying Agent, 
falling within the period (the “Put Period”) of 45 days after a Put Event Notice is given, to any 
Paying Agent, as well as a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time 
being current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Put Notice”) and in 
which the holder may specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 
6(d). The Paying Agent to which such Note and Put Notice are delivered will issue to the 
Noteholder concerned a non-transferable receipt (a “Receipt”) in respect of the Notes so delivered. 
Payment by the Paying Agents in respect of any Notes so delivered shall be made either to the 
bank account duly specified in the relevant Put Notice or, if no account was so specified, by cheque 
on or after the Change of Control Redemption Date against presentation and surrender of such 
Receipt at the specified office of any Paying Agent. A Put Notice once given shall be irrevocable. 
(e) 
Early Redemption Amount 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) above and Condition 9, the Notes will be redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows by an international credit institution or financial 
services institution appointed by the Issuer: 
(i) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the 
Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount 
which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price, at the Early Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
 in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RPx(1+AY)y where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
“y” is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis 
of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) 
or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from 
(and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable 
and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to 
the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365).

--- Page 80 ---
77 
(f) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, re-issued, resold 
or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for 
cancellation. 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and 
any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph (f) above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be re-
issued or resold. 
(h) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c) or (d) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (e) (iii) above 
as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such 
Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the 
earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received 
by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar and notice to that effect has been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
7. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the 
Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes or duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or 
on behalf of the Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer 
will make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges for the account of the holders of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, 
and shall, depending on which provision is specified in the applicable Final Terms, either: 
(a) 
not pay any additional amounts to the holders of the Notes or Coupons; or 
(b) 
pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received 
by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal 
the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been 
receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
as a result of a withholding or deduction pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax 
Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021); or

--- Page 81 ---
78 
(ii) 
to the extent such additional amount becomes payable as a result of a Noteholder 
or Couponholder having a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer 
as laid down in the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001); 
(iii) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder or Couponholder who is 
liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of the 
holder having some connection with the Netherlands other than the mere holding 
of such Note or Coupon or the receipt of principal or interest in respect thereof; 
or 
(iv) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder or Couponholder who 
would not be liable or subject to the withholding or deduction by making a 
declaration of non residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant 
tax authority; or 
(v) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined 
below) except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an 
additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day; or 
(vi) 
for on account of any tax, deduction or withholding imposed under Section 
1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
As used herein, the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, 
except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Registrar, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full 
amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
8. 
Prescription 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are 
made within a period of five years after the date on which the relevant payment first becomes due. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5(b) 
or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5(b). 
9. 
Events of Default 
Senior Notes 
In the case of Senior Notes only, if any one or more of the following events (each an “Event of 
Default”) shall have occurred and be continuing: 
(a) 
there is failure for more than 14 days in the payment of any principal or interest in respect 
of any Note when and as the same is due to be paid; or 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Notes and such 
failure continues for a period of 30 days next following the service on the Issuer of notice 
requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
the Issuer or any Specified Subsidiary fails in the payment of amounts due under Public 
Debt in an aggregate amount which exceeds €25,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currency or currencies) and, as a result of such failure, such Public Debt or any guarantee 
thereof becomes immediately due and payable or is declared due and payable by a 
competent court; provided, however, that no Event of Default shall be deemed to have

--- Page 82 ---
79 
occurred if the Issuer or such Specified Subsidiary is contesting its liability in good faith 
or shall have been ordered not to make such payment by a competent court; or 
(d) 
the Issuer becomes bankrupt or subject to a moratorium (surseance van betaling) or an 
order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up or liquidation of the 
Issuer (except if such order or resolution is made or passed for the purposes of any merger, 
consolidation or reconstruction in the case where either (a) prior consent thereto has been 
given by Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or (b) the surviving or resulting 
company assumes all of the rights and obligations of the Issuer with respect to the Notes); 
or 
(e) 
the Issuer ceases to carry on the whole or substantially the whole of its business except for 
the purposes of any merger, consolidation or reconstruction in the case where either (a) 
prior consent thereto has been given by Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or 
(b) the surviving or resulting company assumes all of the rights and obligations of the 
Issuer with respect to the Notes. For the purposes of this provision, the Issuer shall be 
deemed to have ceased to carry out the whole or substantially whole of its business if it 
has disposed of assets which account for at least 80 per cent. of its consolidated assets as 
of the latest balance sheet date prior to such disposal; 
then each Noteholder may by written notice to the Issuer, at the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent, declare the 
principal of and all interest accrued on its Notes to the date of payment to be forthwith due and 
payable, and the same shall become immediately due and payable, unless prior to the time when 
such written notice is received all such Events of Defaults have been cured. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, if an Event of Default occurs under the Notes for a failure by the Issuer to deliver a 
required certificate, notice or report, such Event of Default shall be cured upon the delivery of any 
such certificate, notice or report, even after the time when written notice of acceleration is received 
by the Issuer. 
Subordinated Notes 
In the case of Subordinated Notes only, if the following event (an “Event of Default”) shall occur 
and is continuing: 
(a) 
the Issuer becomes bankrupt or subject to a moratorium (surseance van betaling) or an 
order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up or liquidation of the 
Issuer (except if such order or resolution is made or passed for the purposes of any merger, 
consolidation or reconstruction in the case where either (a) prior consent thereto has been 
given by Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or (b) the surviving or resulting 
company assumes all of the rights and obligations of the Issuer with respect to the Notes), 
then each Noteholder may by written notice to the Issuer, at the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes), effective upon the date of receipt 
thereof by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, declare the principal of and all interest 
accrued on its Notes to the date of payment to be forthwith due and payable, and the same shall 
become immediately due and payable, unless prior to the time when such written notice is received 
all such Events of Defaults have been cured. 
10. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or 
Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence 
and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 83 ---
80 
11. 
Agents 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional 
or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, 
provided that: 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are listed or admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Amsterdam, there will at all times be a Paying Agent, which may be the Principal Paying 
Agent, (in the case of Bearer Notes) and a Transfer Agent, which may be the Registrar, 
(in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as may be required 
by the rules and regulations of Euronext Amsterdam (or any other relevant authority); 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in a city in a member 
country of the European Union; 
(iii) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; and 
(iv) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office situated outside the 
Netherlands. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 5(e). Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, 
when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice 
thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged 
or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its 
assets to become the successor agent. In the case of a change of any of the Paying Agents, a notice 
will be published in accordance with Condition 13. 
12. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further 
Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest 
due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 8. Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, be deemed to 
mature on the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon 
sheet matures. 
13. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes shall be published (i) in at least one daily newspaper of 
wide circulation in the Netherlands, (ii) if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and (iii) if and for so long as 
the Bearer Notes are listed on the regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam and the rules of 
Euronext Amsterdam so require, by the delivery of the relevant notice to Euronext Amsterdam 
and through a press release which will also be made available on the website of the Issuer 
(https://investors.universalmusic.com). In the case of (ii) above, it is expected that any such 
publication will be made in the Financial Times in London. In the case of (iii) above, it is expected 
that any such publication will be made in the Irish Times. Any such notice will be deemed to have 
been given on the date of the first publication in all the newspapers and/or via other channels 
through which such publication is required to be made.

--- Page 84 ---
81 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth day after mailing. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may (provided that, in the case of any 
publication required by Euronext Amsterdam, Euronext Amsterdam agrees), so long as the global 
Note(s) is or are held in its or their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for publication in some or all of the newspapers referred to above, the 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication 
by them to the holders of the Notes. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the 
holders of the Notes on the fifth day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the identity of all the holders of the Notes is known to the Issuer, the Issuer may (provided 
that, in the case of any publication required by Euronext Amsterdam, Euronext Amsterdam agrees) 
give notices individually to such holders in lieu of publication as provided above. 
Notices to be given by any holder of the Notes shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together in the case of any Note in definitive form with the relative Note or Notes, with the 
Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes). Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a global Note, such notice may be given by any 
holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar 
and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a global Note deposited with Euroclear Nederland, the 
Issuer, the Agents and Euroclear Nederland shall mutually agree on such rules for form and 
contents of communications between them as they may deem practical for the purpose of giving 
effect to these Terms and Conditions. 
14. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening both physical and virtual meetings of 
the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or certain provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Noteholders holding 
not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining 
outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except 
that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the 
Notes or Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment 
of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or Coupons), the necessary 
quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned such meeting not less than one-third, in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Agency Agreement provides that 
(i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement by two thirds of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by 
or on behalf of the holders of not less than two thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing 
system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Principal Paying Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of 
not less than two thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in 
each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary

--- Page 85 ---
82 
Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they 
are present at any meeting and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all 
Couponholders. 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which 
is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and 
so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer (which for the purpose of this Condition, save where the context requires otherwise, 
includes any previous substitute of the Issuer) under this Condition may and the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders hereby irrevocably agree in advance that the Issuer under this Condition may 
at any time substitute any company (incorporated in any country in the world), of which more than 
90 per cent. of the shares or other equity interest carrying voting rights are directly or indirectly 
held by the Issuer, as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes (any such company, the 
“Substituted Debtor”), provided that: 
(i) 
such documents shall be executed, and notices be given, by the Substituted Debtor and the 
Issuer as the Principal Paying Agent may deem reasonably necessary to give full effect to 
the substitution and pursuant to which (i) the Substituted Debtor shall undertake in favour 
of each Noteholder and Couponholders to be bound by these Terms and Conditions and 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes 
and Coupons in place of the Issuer and (ii) the Issuer shall guarantee, which guarantee 
shall be unconditional and irrevocable, in favour of each Noteholder of the relative 
Coupons the payment of all sums in respect of the Notes and the relative Coupons; 
(ii) 
in accordance with and subject to Condition 7, no taxes or duties shall be required to be 
withheld or deducted at source in the territory where the Substituted Debtor is 
incorporated, domiciled or resident (unless the withholding or deduction would be borne 
by the Substituted Debtor, in which case sub-clause (b) of Condition 7 shall apply); and 
(iii) 
all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution 
shall have been obtained and be in full force and effect. 
(b) 
The Substituted Debtor shall forthwith give notice of the substitution to the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders in accordance with Condition 13.

--- Page 86 ---
83 
17. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection therewith are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the 
laws of the Netherlands. 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, that the 
courts of Amsterdam are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out 
of or in connection with the Notes, and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) and 
accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Amsterdam courts.

--- Page 87 ---
84 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, 
including (without limitation) repayment of debt. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 88 ---
85 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Principal activities 
UMG is a world leader in music entertainment based on revenue, engaged in three main operating 
businesses: recorded music; music publishing; and music-based merchandising. 
UMG’s recorded music business discovers and develops artists, supports the creation of audio and 
audiovisual content by artists, and markets, distributes, sells and licenses such content to consumers across 
a wide array of formats and platforms. UMG owns and administers the copyright to the audio and audio-
visual recordings created by the artists signed to UMG’s labels and generates revenue from the physical 
sales of such content in the form of CDs, vinyl records, cassette tapes and DVDs, and from the distribution 
of such content to digital music streaming and subscription platforms, and to consumers of recorded music 
using other platforms and formats, including social media, health and wellness, films, television and video 
games. 
The music publishing business discovers and develops composers and songwriters and owns and 
administers the copyright to the musical and lyrical compositions created by such composers and 
songwriters, which is licensed for use in recordings, public performances and for related uses, such as in 
films and advertisements. UMG’s music publishing business generates royalty revenue from the licensing 
of musical and lyrical compositions. 
Bravado, UMG’s merchandising business, produces and sells artist-branded products as well as other 
branded products. UMG has also expanded into other businesses such as film and television (including 
production of film and television shows) as well as other segments that are linked to its music business, 
including organizing live events, livestreaming, brand partnerships and sponsorships, and podcasts. In 
addition to being successful at revenue generation in their own right, these operations also contribute to 
the growth of UMG’s recorded music and music publishing businesses, primarily by increasing visibility 
and reach of UMG’s artists and music and through royalties earned on the use of UMG’s catalogue of 
recorded music and compositions in these other businesses. 
Significant new products and activities 
UMG plays an active role in promoting the continued development of new digital services and consumer 
offerings in order to support a competitive, healthy and increasingly global market. UMG has agreements 
with several hundred global and local digital service providers around the world, establishing legal 
consumption of music in markets with high levels of piracy that previously did not have legitimate 
commercial outlets, including India, Latin America, Africa, the Middle East, Eastern Europe and Southeast 
Asia. These partnerships have made music more accessible to fans around the world, offering a free-to-
use option for consumers as an alternative to pirated content, with additional upsell opportunities created. 
Principal markets in which the Company competes 
UMG’s revenue profile is geographically diverse and becoming more so with the emergence of legitimate 
monetization opportunities in many new music markets around the world. In 2023, revenues from UMG’s 
top 5 music markets (US, UK, Japan, Germany and France) accounted for 75% of UMG consolidated 
revenues, while rest of the world represented 25% of total company consolidated revenues. UMG’s 
revenue is also diverse from a business model standpoint. While streaming and subscription revenue is 
commonly looked at as the main driver of music industry performance, the recorded music subscription 
and streaming revenue streams account for only 67% of UMG’s recorded music revenue in 2023. 
UMG has a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music, music publishing, merchandising and 
audiovisual content through offices in more than 60 territories, covering approximately 200 markets.

--- Page 89 ---
86 
Basis for statements made by the Company regarding its competitive position 
Industry-leading position 
UMG is the world’s largest recorded music company (based on revenue) and the largest recorded music 
company in major music markets including the United States, the UK, France and Germany. Its major 
record labels and groups include Capitol Music Group, Def Jam Recordings, EMI Records, Interscope 
Geffen A&M, Island Records, Motown Records, Polydor, Republic Records, Universal Music Group 
Nashville and Universal Music Latin Entertainment, as well as the world’s leading classical and jazz labels, 
including Blue Note Records, Decca, Deutsche Grammophon and Verve Label Group, among others.  
Artists signed to UMG as part of its recorded music business span all genres and generations and include 
the greatest artists of all time, such as ABBA, Aerosmith, Louis Armstrong, The Beatles, The Beach Boys, 
The Bee Gees, Andrea Bocelli, Bon Jovi, James Brown, Nat King Cole, Neil Diamond, Marvin Gaye, 
Guns N’ Roses, Elton John, KISS, Bob Marley, Paul McCartney, Nirvana, Luciano Pavarotti, Queen, 
Lionel Richie, The Rolling Stones, Frank Sinatra, Sting, U2, The Who, Amy Winehouse and Stevie 
Wonder, as well as many of the biggest artists today, such as J Balvin, Justin Bieber, Luke Bryan, Lewis 
Capaldi, J. Cole, Daddy Yankee, Drake, Billie Eilish, Eminem, Selena Gomez, Ariana Grande, Imagine 
Dragons, Lady Gaga, Kendrick Lamar, Lang Lang, Lil Baby, Post Malone, Shawn Mendes, Nicki Minaj, 
Katy Perry, Olivia Rodrigo, Sam Smith, Chris Stapleton, Taylor Swift, Shania Twain, Morgan Wallen and 
The Weeknd. UMG’s roster of artists also includes successful local artists such as Dave and Glass Animals 
in the UK, Angèle and SDM in France, Helene Fischer and Herbert Grönemeyer in Germany, King & 
Prince and Ado in Japan, Eason Chan in China and Feid, Karol G and Sebastián Yatra in Latin America 
and, since 2023, global icons Anitta and Jay Chou. 
As a result of its broad array of frontline labels, label venture partners and label services, as well as the 
diversification of revenue streams, UMG is not reliant on one artist, or on a small number of artists, to 
generate revenue in any given year. In fact, the top 50 artists only accounted for 24% of UMG’s recorded 
music revenue in 2023. In addition to this artist diversification, UMG has strong and reliable revenue flows 
from its catalogue (defined as content older than three years), which accounted for 62% of recorded music 
digital and physical revenue in 2023, while frontline product (content less than three years old) accounted 
for 38% of recorded music digital & physical revenue. 
UMG’s recorded music business is also geographically diverse. In 2023, North America accounted for 
51% of UMG’s recorded music revenue, with Europe at 28%, Asia 13%, Latin America 4% and the rest 
of the world at 4%. 
UMG’s Universal Music Publishing Group (“UMPG”) controls the publishing rights to a global catalogue 
containing close to four million owned and administered compositions, including several of the world’s 
most popular songs. Major songwriters whose works are part of UMPG’s catalogue include ABBA, Adele, 
Axwell & Ingrosso, J Balvin, The Beach Boys, Beastie Boys, The Bee Gees, Irving Berlin, Leonard 
Bernstein, Justin Bieber, Benny Blanco, Chris Brown, Mariah Carey, Coldplay, Neil Diamond, Dua Lipa, 
Bob Dylan, Billie Eilish, Eminem, Future, Billy Joel, Elton John/Bernie Taupin, Jonas Brothers, Alicia 
Keys, Kendrick Lamar, Dave Matthews, Pearl Jam, Post Malone, Britney Spears, Harry Styles, Taylor 
Swift, Justin Timberlake, U2 and many more. 
UMG’s relationships span the largest collection of artists of any company in the world. Successful 
relationships in one area of UMG’s business can also translate into broader sets of rights, as well as 
expanded relationships in other areas of the company’s operations. In addition, this broad network of artists 
allows UMG to more effectively partner with digital service providers, provides UMG with the most 
comprehensive view of technological trends across the industry, and elevates UMG as the early partner of 
choice for helping to develop industry business models for new service offerings, such as fitness, spatial 
audio, in-car audio, meditation and learning/play. 
This coverage universe provides UMG with extensive consumer data, which, along with the Group’s 
investment in analytics, allows UMG to draw deep insights and action plans, benefiting UMG’s artists as 
well as the Group, and further differentiating UMG as the partner of choice for artists at every stage of

--- Page 90 ---
87 
their careers. UMG’s industry-leading, in terms of scope, data, analytics, engineering, and modelling, 
combined with the company’s network of content inventory and partner channels, have made the company 
an attractive media and advertising partner for some of the world’s biggest brands. 
UMG’s industry-leading position, in terms of market share, best-in-class artist development and 
continuous re-investment in its business creates a virtuous cycle that benefits the company and its artists 
over time, which UMG believes puts its competitive position in a “category of one”. UMG’s success in 
adding new content, by breaking new artists, expanding its relationships with established artists and 
broadening its portfolio through its artist and label services business, further increases its importance to its 
retail partners and consumers. This leads to additional data and further insights into a broader set of 
consumer behaviours, which then helps better inform UMG’s decision making around artist investment 
and development, again, furthering UMG’s appeal to new artists and generating financial benefit to both 
UMG and its artists. 
In 2024, UMG also acquired a minority stake in Chord, pursuant to a long-term strategic partnership with 
Chord’s other shareholders, to actively manage Chord through UMG’s global network and further develop 
its catalogue of music and intellectual property. 
Artist-centric focus and commitment 
Artists and songwriters are at the centre of everything UMG does. UMG is focused on the long-term 
development of artists and songwriters and the company is built to serve their unique needs for each stage 
of their careers. UMG has consistently demonstrated the value it represents to an artist’s success. 
Producing and marketing music successfully requires significant upfront investment and involves 
collaborating with the best writers and producers. UMG invests more money and expertise through its staff 
of industry specialists than any other recorded music company in signing and developing talent. 
Combining these investments and expertise with UMG’s excellence in marketing and in promoting artists 
globally, enables UMG to consistently lead the industry in breaking artists. UMG has also strategically 
expanded the revenue streams of its artists from film, television, theatre, merchandise, touring, ticketing 
and sponsorship. As a result, several iconic artists, including Taylor Swift, The Rolling Stones, Elton John, 
Aerosmith, Drake, Andrea Bocelli, DJ Khaled and the Weeknd, among many others, recently signed (or 
re-signed) with UMG, solidifying the company’s position as their preferred partner. 
In a crowded marketplace, where approximately 60,000 new recordings are uploaded daily to Spotify, it 
has become harder than ever for an artist to break-through in a sea of music content. Doing so requires the 
professional expertise and resources of a major label, including a comprehensive approach to content 
creation, organic artist development, timing, marketing, promotion, financial investment, and forward 
planning. For this reason, UMG believes that traditional, high-touch, full-service label deals with its 
portfolio of world-renowned labels provide the most long-term value to an artist and greatly increase the 
commercial success, consumer base and longevity potential for artists at every stage of their careers. 
To work with the broadest set of artists, UMG offers a wide spectrum of services to meet the needs of 
independent labels, artists and entrepreneurs at every stage of their development, providing them with 
resources from global distribution, insights, data and marketing tools to fully staffed promotion, marketing 
and artist development teams, both regionally and globally. In 2024, UMG entered into an agreement to 
purchase the catalogue of Oriental Star Agencies (“OSA”), one of the most prominent South Asian record 
labels in the UK, with a focus on Pakistani and Indian artists, and it also acquired Hyperion in order to 
provide for the development of classical recording artists. In addition, in 2022, UMG expanded its global 
distribution network for independent labels and artists with the launch of Virgin Music Group, which 
unites its premier label and artist service businesses including Virgin Music Artist & Label Services, 
Ingrooves Music Group (“Ingrooves”) and the recently acquired mtheory Artist Partnerships within the 
newly created division. This way, UMG is broadening its long-term relationships and partnerships with 
new independent artists, labels and entrepreneurs, and further expanding its reach into new music markets.

--- Page 91 ---
88 
True global infrastructure 
UMG operates in more countries and markets than any other recorded music company. With a diverse 
range of labels, UMG’s recorded music business has offices in more than 60 territories and is present 
across approximately 200 markets. UMG’s physical presence in all of these territories, rather than relying 
on outsourced distribution or other business models, is critical to its continued growth and a key 
differentiator of the UMG approach. This enables UMG to better understand, and engage with, local artist 
and label communities and identify the key elements for success in each jurisdiction. UMG believes that 
its sustained investment and commitment to local music communities, including its established networks 
of artists, producers and creative executives, has given it a significant advantage in high growth markets 
as they have developed monetizable forms of music consumption. 
In order to best understand and be effective in each individual market and region, many of which have 
hugely diverse populations, dialects and cultures, UMG is reliant on its local, dynamic executive teams 
throughout each territory. These teams have been able to help build and contribute to the entire music 
ecosystem in the countries in which they operate, establishing UMG as a key stakeholder and trusted 
partner within each market. 
The local relationships and deep, broad experience of these management teams has also allowed UMG to 
expand the suite of services available to offer artists, labels, partners and clients, including artist and talent 
management, live booking and event promotions, brand and influencer partnerships, merchandising, music 
and brand licensing and other forms of Non-Recorded Income (“NRI”). The ability to offer these non-
traditional services enables UMG to attract the best talent in each territory, which has resulted in a series 
of high-profile marquee artist signings around the world. 
Around a decade ago, when the industry revenue was in decline, other companies in the music industry 
attempted to save costs by closing local offices in smaller music markets and outsourcing distribution of 
their content. On the contrary, UMG continued to invest in local A&R, signing and developing local talent, 
and growing its networks in markets around the world. In recent years, UMG has established new offices 
in Côte d’Ivoire, Israel, Kenya, Morocco, Nigeria, and Vietnam, among others, and expects to add 
operations in other markets in the near future. 
During the past six years, UMG has taken a holistic approach to expanding operations across Africa, 
opening new divisions in Nigeria, as well as becoming the first major music company to establish divisions 
in Kenya, Côte d’Ivoire, Senegal and Morocco, alongside UMG’s longstanding operations in South Africa. 
In March 2022, UMG announced the creation of Blue Note Africa, a new imprint dedicated to signing jazz 
artists from across the African continent. In June 2022, UMG launched Virgin Music Label & Artist 
Services in Africa. This division focuses on supporting the next wave of independent artists, labels, 
influencers, and entrepreneurs from the region. It launched with more than 15,000 titles in its catalogue 
and more than fifty label partners from 25 countries. UMG has also led the industry in signing landmark 
licensing deals with local services and platform partners in order to ensure that music from UMG’s artists 
reaches audiences throughout Africa. UMG has introduced and launched both established and new label 
brands into the continent including Def Jam Africa, Motown and Afroforce1, while partnering with some 
of Africa’s most innovative, acclaimed and entrepreneurial talent such as Nigeria’s Aristokrat Group. Most 
recently, Ingrooves Music Group’s acquisition of leading South African independent distributor, based on 
chart performance, Electromode allowed UMG to enhance its digital, distribution and marketing services 
footprint across the continent. In February 2024, UMG also agreed to acquire a stake in Mavin Global, a 
Nigeria-based independent record label that has played a pioneering role in breaking Afrobeats artists 
within Africa and beyond.  
In Asia, UMG has expanded its domestic operations within mainland China by opening a new UMPG 
publishing division, signing a series of innovative licensing agreements with new partners and platforms 
and launching several new label brands in order to attract new artist talent, drive new forms of income and 
revenue and increase the opportunities for Chinese talent to reach new audiences abroad. In 2019, UMG 
became the first major music company to enhance its regional presence by opening a new regional 
Southeast Asia headquarters in Singapore. This shift allowed UMG to better position itself among key

--- Page 92 ---
89 
partners, stakeholders and brands, while also introducing a series of new, respected international labels 
into the market in order to attract the best artist talent from the region and capitalize on the growing 
regional popularity of genres including hip-hop and dance (Def Jam SEA, Astralwerks Asia, Island 
Records Philippines, Big Hit / HYBE, Red Records among others). Furthermore, Universal Music Greater 
China (UMGC) launched Capitol Records China in March 2022. This grew UMG’s position in China 
following the launch of Republic Records and the relaunch of EMI and Polygram China in 2021. Capitol 
Records China is a frontline label that focuses on signing and developing Chinese music talent. Following 
its launch, Capitol Records China and Astralwerks announced a global licensing and distribution 
partnership with Live Nation’s Electronic Asia’s (LNEA) Fabled Records label. In November 2023, UMG 
further strengthened its domestic position in China through new long-term agreements with superstar 
Eason Chan and with 2022’s No. 1 IFPI global album seller Jay Chou. 
Furthermore, in 2022, Universal Music Vietnam entered into a partnership with multi-channel network 
and media company METUB. The collaboration focused on the launch of the new MonoX label. MonoX 
finds and develops Vietnamese talent and aims to break artists globally. In 2022, Universal Music Thailand 
also entered into an expanded partnership with Thailand’s music label Hype Train Group, which serves as 
a springboard for Thai artists wishing to export their creativity to music lovers around the world. In June 
2023, UMG further expanded its Asian repertoire by acquiring a majority stake in RS Group in Thailand, 
a leading Thai music distributor and management company that represents Thailand’s second largest music 
catalogue, comprising over 10,000 master recordings, 6,000 copyright ownerships, publishing rights, and 
licenses spanning four decades.  
In 2021, UMG widened its reach in India by entering into an exclusive global agreement with Indian music 
superstar and entrepreneur Badshah. Universal Music India (UMI) also launched new labels dedicated to 
releasing new music made in popular regional dialects across South Asia, with the launch of the VYRL 
Punjabi, Haryanvi and Bhojpuri labels. In 2022, UMI acquired a majority stake in TM Ventures, one of 
India’s leading music and entertainment companies. UMI and TM Ventures are working in partnership 
across the company’s talent management, entertainment consultancy and live/events businesses. Through 
this majority stake acquisition, UMG reinforced its leading role in India’s music scene. Furthermore, in 
February 2022, UMG announced the launch of Def Jam India, a new label division within India and South 
Asia dedicated to representing the best hip-hop and rap talent from the region. In January 2024, UMG 
entered into an agreement to purchase the catalogue of OSA, pursuant to which it increased its exposure 
to the Pakistani and Indian markets. 
UMG further expanded its strategic global/local approach in 2021 by launching Universal Arabic Music 
(UAM), a newly created label dedicated to discovering, introducing and championing the artists, sounds 
and rich musical culture of the Middle East & North Africa region to audiences around the world. UMG’s 
strategic expansion into the Middle East & North Africa region was further bolstered by its agreement to 
acquire UAE-based music company Chabaka in August 2023. Chabaka provides digital distribution, 
marketing, publishing, and label and artist services in the Middle East & North Africa region, thereby 
significantly increasing UMG’s presence in one of the fastest growing music regions in the world. 
UMG’s foresight to establish itself early in these territories, before they emerged as high-growth music 
markets, has better positioned the Group to benefit from the legitimate music economies that streaming 
has now begun to establish, replacing years of piracy-based music consumption with commercial 
opportunities. Using its strong relationships with several hundred local, regional and global digital service 
providers, UMG is actively working to break new domestic artists in markets around the world, as well as 
help those artists achieve regional and global success. At the same time, UMG actively works to expand 
the fan base of its roster of artists from more developed music markets, introducing them to new audiences 
in markets that did not previously have a clear path to monetization. As a result, domestic and global stars, 
as well as fans around the world, are benefitting from UMG’s physical presence in all of these territories. 
Social Responsibility 
UMG’s social responsibility programme is centred around creating a more sustainable future with a focus 
on supporting culture and its creators, its employees and local communities. UMG’s work aligns with the

--- Page 93 ---
90 
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (“SDGs”), and UMG has adopted the recommendations 
of the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures. In addition, UMG’s All Together Now 
philanthropy programme supports its employees’ good works, particularly across education and health & 
well-being – and especially related to music and the arts. 
In parallel, UMG’s Task Force for Meaningful Change (“TFMC”) works to support marginalized 
communities in the ongoing fight for equality, justice and inclusion. With board oversight, UMG continues 
to further build its central ESG policy and intends to put in place a UMG specific framework for action 
that further directs its activities towards building a sustainable future, with a particular focus on the well-
being of creators of music and the arts, its people and communities and the environment. 
UMG History 
Home to recordings stretching back more than a century to 1898, the predecessor to UMG began in 1924 
with the founding of Music Corporation of America (“MCA”), a music and talent agency, and expanded 
significantly over the last century through a series of acquisitions and through organic growth, eventually 
becoming the world’s largest music and entertainment company that it is today, based on revenue. 
In 1962, MCA acquired Decca Records, becoming home to music, film and television operations, with 
MCA subsequently being acquired by Japan’s Matsushita Electric Co. (“Matsushita”) in 1990. Five years 
later, Seagram Company Ltd. (“Seagram”) acquired 80% of MCA from Matsushita and the following 
year renamed MCA’s movie segment Universal Pictures and relaunched its music segment as Universal 
Music Group. 
In May 1998, Seagram acquired PolyGram, a joint venture between Phillips and Siemens that owned music 
labels including Polydor, Phonogram, Deutsche Grammophon, Island Records, Def Jam Recordings, A+M 
Records, London Recordings, Mercury Records, Fontana and Verve. A year later, Polygram was merged 
with UMG. 
In 2000, Vivendi S.E. (“Vivendi”) acquired Seagram, and gained full ownership of UMG in 2006 after 
buying the 20% stake still held by Matsushita. A year later, in 2007, UMG expanded its music publishing 
operations with the acquisition of the BMG Music Publishing catalogue. 
In 2012, UMG acquired EMI Music, the recorded music division of the EMI Group, including record 
labels Angel, Astralwerks, Blue Note, Capitol, Capitol Latin, Capitol Records Nashville, EMI Classics, 
EMI CMG, EMI Records, EMI Records Nashville, Manhattan, Parlophone (which was subsequently 
divested), Virgin Classics and Virgin Records. 
In recent years, UMG has expanded its distribution capabilities for independent labels and artists. In March 
2019, UMG acquired the remaining rights in Ingrooves and, in 2022, it expanded its global distribution 
network for independent labels and artists with the launch of Virgin Music Group. In 2023, UMG 
continued to launch new labels in key markets where it believes there are significant untapped opportunity 
with EMI-North in the UK. 
UMG has also expanded outside of recorded music and music publishing. In 2007, UMG acquired 
Sanctuary, a merchandising, live agency and artist management business, most of which was subsequently 
divested. The merchandising arm of Sanctuary eventually became UMG’s merchandising division, 
Bravado. In 2014, UMG acquired Eagle Rock Entertainment, enhancing the company’s presence in audio-
visual content, which has now become UMG’s Mercury Studios division. In 2019, UMG further expanded 
its merchandising business with the addition of Epic Rights. 
In March 2020, Vivendi sold a 10% stake in UMG to the Tencent-led Consortium (as defined below). 
In March 2020, an agreement (the “Greater China Option Agreement”) was entered into pursuant to 
which Universal International Music B.V. (“UIM”) granted Tencent Music Entertainment (“TME”) an 
option to purchase a minority interest in the share capital of a subsidiary (“UMG Greater China”) of 
UIM that owns and operates UMG’s business and operations in Greater China.

--- Page 94 ---
91 
In January 2021, the Tencent-led Consortium exercised its call option to acquire an additional 10% stake 
in UMG. 
In February 2021, as part of a company restructuring, the shareholders of Universal Music Group, Inc. 
(“UMGI”) and UIM, being Vivendi, Concerto Investment B.V. (“Concerto”) and Scherzo Investment 
B.V. (“Scherzo”, and together with Concerto, the “Tencent-led Consortium”) contributed their shares 
held in UMGI and UIM, representing all of the issued capital of both UMGI and UIM, to the Company in 
exchange for newly issued shares in the Company, as a consequence whereof the Company became the 
sole holding company of the Group. 
More recently, following (i) the execution of definitive agreements between Pershing Square Tontine 
Holdings Ltd (“Tontine”) and Vivendi on June 20, 2021 and (ii) the assignment agreement entered into 
between Tontine, Pershing Square Holdings, Ltd., Pershing Square L.P., Pershing Square International 
Ltd. and PS VII Master, L.P. (together the “Pershing Entities”) on 18 July 2021 (and notified to Vivendi 
on the same date), the Pershing Entities assigned the share purchase agreement to Pershing Square 
Holdings, Ltd. and completed the acquisition of a 7.09% stake in the Company from Vivendi on 10 August 
2021 for an aggregate purchase price of US$2.8 billion, and subsequent acquisition of a 2.91% stake in 
the Company from Vivendi on 9 September 2021 for an aggregate purchase price of US$1.15 billion. 
In September 2021, UMG announced the publication of a prospectus in connection with the admission to 
trading and official listing of its shares on the regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam in the context of 
an intended distribution by Vivendi of up to 60% of Vivendi’s stake in the Company to Vivendi’s 
shareholders by way of a distribution in kind. The listing of and trading in the shares of the Company on 
Euronext Amsterdam under symbol UMG commenced on 21 September 2021. 
In 2022, the following amendments were made to the Greater China Option Agreement: (i) Tencent 
Holdings Limited replaced TME as a party; (ii) Tencent Holdings Limited was given the right to acquire 
reduced stake of UMG Greater China; and (iii) the term was extended until 16 June 2024. 
Organizational Redesign 
In February 2024, UMG announced that it is engaged in an organizational redesign of its global structure, 
which is expected to enhance UMG’s capabilities in the areas most critical to its future growth and success 
while providing its labels with enhanced capabilities to deepen artist and fan connections via new, 
experiential, commerce and content offerings (the “Organizational Redesign”).  
In a rapidly evolving industry, UMG’s Organizational Redesign is intended to create the blueprint for the 
music company and the labels of the future. When it comes to signing artists, UMG’s labels will act with 
even greater flexibility and speed. And when it comes to supporting their rosters, labels will have access 
to UMG’s highest-performing internal teams and resources to bring their artists to ever-higher levels of 
success. The Organizational Redesign carefully preserves what UMG is best at: creative artists and 
repertoire, marketing independence, unique label brand identities and entrepreneurial and internally 
competitive spirit, while creating efficiencies that will generate more impactful support in promotion, 
distribution, audience monetization, direct-to-consumer, ecommerce and other areas. 
The Organizational Redesign is expected to generate €250 million of annual run-rate cost savings via a 
combination of headcount reduction and other operational efficiencies, which will be accretive to UMG’s 
margins and which are expected to be fully realized by the end of 2026. The first phase of the 
Organizational Redesign is expected to achieve €125 million in annual run-rate cost savings, €75 million 
of which are expected to be fully realized by the end of 2024. UMG expects to incur approximately €125 
million of restructuring costs in 2024 in order to successfully implement the Organizational Redesign, €92 
million of which were incurred during the first quarter of the year. 
It is expected that the Organizational Redesign will strengthen UMG’s leadership team, foster innovation 
and overall bolster efficiencies across its business, creating unparalleled experiences for artists and fans.

--- Page 95 ---
92 
Intellectual Property 
The success of UMG’s business depends on its ability to protect and enforce its vast selection of 
intellectual property rights, including copyrights and trademarks. UMG protects its intellectual property 
under patent, trade secret, trademark, and copyright laws through a combination of intellectual property 
registration, employee or third-party assignment and nondisclosure agreements, other contractual 
restrictions, technological measures, and other methods. 
Copyrights 
UMG’s business, like that of other companies involved in the music entertainment industry, depends on 
its ability to maintain rights in sound recordings and musical compositions through copyright protection. 
In the United States, copyright protection for works created as “works made for hire” (e.g. works of 
employees or certain specially commissioned works) on or after 1 January 1978 generally lasts for 95 
years from first publication or 120 years from creation, whichever expires first. The period of copyright 
protection for works created on or after 1 January 1978 that are not “works made for hire” lasts for the life 
of the author plus 70 years. Works created and published or registered in the United States prior to 1 
January 1978 generally enjoy copyright protection for 95 years, subject to compliance with certain 
statutory provisions including notice and renewal. Additionally, the Music Modernization Act extended 
federal protection in the US to sound recordings created prior to 15 February 1972. The duration of 
protection for such sound recordings varies based on the year of publication, with all such sound recordings 
receiving protection for at least 95 years, and sound recordings published between 1 January 1957 and 15 
February 1972 receiving copyright protection until 15 February 2067. 
The term of copyright in the European Union for musical compositions in all Member States lasts for the 
life of the author plus 70 years. In the European Union, the term of copyright for sound recordings lasts 
for 70 years from the date of release in respect of sound recordings that were still in copyright on 1 
November 2013 and for 50 years from date of release in respect of sound recordings the copyright in which 
had expired by that date. The European Union also harmonized the copyright term for joint musical works. 
In the case of a musical composition with words that is protected by copyright on or after 1 November 
2013, Member States of the European Union are required to calculate the life of the author plus 70 years 
from the date of death of the last surviving author of the lyrics and the composer of the musical 
composition, provided that both contributions were specifically created for the musical composition. 
UMG is largely dependent on legislation in each territory in which it operates to protect its rights against 
unauthorized reproduction, distribution, public performance or rental. In all territories where UMG 
operates, its intellectual property receives some degree of copyright protection, although the extent of 
effective protection varies widely. In a number of developing countries, the protection of copyright 
remains inadequate. 
Technological changes have focused attention on the need for new legislation that will adequately protect 
the rights of producers. UMG actively lobbies in favour of industry efforts to increase copyright protection 
and supports the efforts of organizations such as Recording Industry Association of America (“RIAA”), 
IFPI, National Music Publishers’ Association, International Confederation of Music Publishers and the 
World Intellectual Property Organization. 
Trademarks 
UMG considers its trademarks to be valuable assets to its business. The major trademarks owned by or 
licensed to UMG include A&M, ABBA, Abbey Road, Blue Note, Bravado, Def Jam Recordings, Capitol, 
Casablanca, Decca, Deutsche Grammophon, EMI, Geffen, Impulse, Ingrooves, Interscope, Island, 
London, Mercury, MCA, Motown, Now That’s What I Call Music (outside of the European Economic 
Area, the UK and Switzerland), Polydor, Polygram, Republic, Universal Music, Verve and Virgin. 
Although UMG cannot be assured that its trademark applications, even for major trademarks, will be 
approved, UMG endeavours to register its major trademarks in every country where it believes the 
protection of these trademarks is important for its business. UMG also uses certain trademarks pursuant to 
license agreements entered into with the owner of the trademarks. The duration of UMG’s licenses relating

--- Page 96 ---
93 
to Virgin and Def Jam Recordings is perpetual and the earliest termination date for UMG’s license relating 
to Universal Music is 2029, but may be terminated under certain limited circumstances, including its 
material breach of the license agreement and certain events of insolvency. UMG actively monitors and 
seeks to protect against activities that might infringe, dilute or otherwise harm its trademarks. 
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which UMG is aware), during a period covering the previous 12 
months which may have, or have had in the recent past significant effects on UMG and/or the Group’s 
financial position or profitability 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which UMG is aware), during a period covering the previous 12 months which 
may have, or have had in the recent past significant effects on UMG and/or the Group’s financial position 
or profitability. 
Other proceedings that UMG expects to not have a significant effect on UMG and/or the Group’s 
financial position or profitability 
UMG is involved in various litigation and regulatory proceedings arising in the normal course of business. 
Where it is determined, in consultation with counsel based on litigation and settlement risks, that a loss is 
probable and estimable in a given matter, UMG establishes an accrual. In the current pending proceedings, 
the amount of accrual is not material. An estimate of the reasonably possible loss or range of loss in excess 
of the amounts already accrued cannot be made at this time due to various factors typical in contested 
proceedings, including (i) the results of ongoing discovery; (ii) uncertain damage theories and demands; 
(iii) a less than complete factual record; (iv) uncertainty concerning legal theories and their resolution by 
courts or regulators; and (v) the unpredictable nature of the opposing party and its demands. However, 
UMG cannot predict with certainty the outcome of any litigation or the potential for future litigation. As 
such, UMG continuously monitors these proceedings as they develop and adjusts any accrual or disclosure 
as needed. Regardless of the outcome, litigation could have an adverse impact on UMG, including UMG’s 
brand value, because of defense costs, diversion of management resources and other factors, and it could 
have a material effect on UMG’s results of operations for a given reporting period. 
Provisions recorded by the Group for all claims and litigation were €21 million as of 31 December 2023, 
€5 million as of 31 December 2022 and €4 million as of 31 December 2021.

--- Page 97 ---
94 
LEGAL STRUCTURE AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
Introduction 
Universal Music Group N.V. is a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) and was 
incorporated on 4 December 2020 under Dutch law as a private company with limited liability (besloten 
vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) with the name Universal Music Group B.V. The 
commercial name is “Universal Music”. As part of the terms of the first admission to listing and trading 
of all of the ordinary shares in the share capital of the Company (together, the “Shares”) on Euronext 
Amsterdam, and in accordance with applicable law, the Company amended its articles of association (the 
“Articles of Association”) and converted to a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) 
by way of a notarial deed dated 20 September 2021. 
The Company’s statutory seat is in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The registered office address of the 
Company is ‘s-Gravelandseweg 80, 1217 EW Hilversum, the Netherlands. The telephone number of the 
Company is +31 (0) 88 62 61 500. The Company is registered with the trade register of the Chamber of 
Commerce of the Netherlands (Kamer van Koophandel) under number 81106661. Its legal entity identifier 
is 724500GJBUL3D9TW9Y18. 
Unless incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the contents of the Company’s website 
(www.universalmusic.com) or of websites accessible from hyperlinks on that website do not form part of 
this Base Prospectus and may not be relied upon in connection with any decision to invest in any Notes. 
Other than the information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the contents of the 
Company’s website (www.universalmusic.com) or of websites accessible from hyperlinks on that website 
have not been scrutinized or approved by the AFM. 
Corporate objects 
The Company’s corporate objects are included in article 4 of the Articles of Association. The objects of 
the Company are: 
a) 
to incorporate, to participate in any way whatsoever in, to manage, to supervise businesses and 
companies; 
b) 
to finance businesses and companies; 
c) 
to borrow, to lend and to raise funds, including the issue of bonds, promissory notes or other 
securities or evidence of indebtedness as well as to enter into agreements in connection with 
aforementioned activities; 
d) 
to render advice and services to businesses and companies with which the Company forms a group 
and to third parties; 
e) 
to grant guarantees, to bind the Company and to pledge its assets for obligations of the Company, 
its group companies and/or third parties; 
f) 
to acquire, alienate, manage and exploit registered property and items of property in general; 
g) 
to trade in currencies, securities and items of property in general; 
h) 
to develop and trade in patents, trademarks, licenses, know-how and other intellectual and 
industrial property rights; and 
i) 
to perform any and all activities of an industrial, financial or commercial nature, 
and to do all that is connected therewith or may be conducive thereto, all to be interpreted in the broadest 
sense.

--- Page 98 ---
95 
Share capital 
The Company’s shares are subject to and have been created under Dutch law. 
Under Dutch law, a company’s authorized share capital sets out the maximum amount and number of 
shares that it may issue without amending its articles of association. 
The Articles of Association provide for an authorized share capital in an amount of €27,000,000,000 
(twenty-seven billion euro) divided into 2,700,000,000 (two billion seven hundred million) shares with a 
nominal value of €10.00 per share. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company’s issued share 
capital is divided into 1,828,608,582 (one billion eight-hundred-and-twenty-eight million six-hundred-
eight thousand and five-hundred-and-eighty-two) shares. All shares are in registered form (op naam) and 
are only available in the form of an entry in the Company’s shareholders’ register. No certificates 
(aandeelbewijzen) are issued. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company’s issued share capital is fully paid up. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company holds 214,235 (two-hundred-and-fourteen thousand 
and two-hundred-and-thirty-five) shares as treasury shares and no depositary receipts for Shares were 
issued with the cooperation of the Company. 
Major shareholders 
Based on applicable Dutch legislation, the holder of a substantial holding or gross short position that 
equals, exceeds or falls below 3 per cent. (or one of the other statutory thresholds) of the issued share 
capital of an issuer, should notify the AFM. These notifications are subsequently included in a public 
register kept by the AFM. As per relevant filings made with the AFM up to the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the major shareholders of the Issuer are Concerto Partners LLC, Vivendi SE, V. Bolloré, W.A. Ackman 
and FMR LLC. Further details are available at www.afm.nl. 
The table below includes the total percentages of capital interests and voting rights registered in the 
substantial holdings and gross short positions register held by the AFM. 
Shareholder 
Capital interest 
Voting rights 
Concerto Partners LLC(1)(3) 
19.92% 
48.33%(4) 
Vivendi SE(3) 
9.98% 
48.33%(5) 
V. Bolloré(2)(3) 
18.01% 
48.04%(6) 
W.A. Ackman(7) 
10.00% 
10.00% 
FMR LLC 
3.00% 
3.00% 
_____________ 
(1) 
Tencent-led Consortium held via Sherzo Investment B.V. and Concerto Investment B.V. 
(2) 
Held via Bolloré Participations SE, Omnium Bolloré, Financière V, Sofibol, Compagnie de l’Odet, Bolloré SE and Compagnie de 
Cornouaille. 
(3) 
Each of Concerto Partners LLC, Vivendi SE and V. Bolloré have provided notifications in relation to an indirect voting interest of 
approximately 48% in the Company pursuant to the Relationship Agreement (as defined herein), which represents the collective 
amount of their individual voting interests. 
(4) 
Shared voting rights with Vivendi SE and V. Bolloré pursuant to the Relationship Agreement. 
(5) 
Shared voting rights with Concerto Partners LLC and V. Bolloré pursuant to the Relationship Agreement. 
(6) 
Shared voting rights with Concerto Partners LLC and Vivendi SE pursuant to the Relationship Agreement. 
(7) 
Held via various Pershing Square funds. 
 
It is possible that the stated percentages of capital interest and voting rights in the Company differ from 
the actual percentages of capital interest and voting rights in the Company as shareholders are only 
required to notify the AFM in the event that their percentage of capital interests or voting rights in the 
Company reaches, exceeds or falls below one of the thresholds (3%, 5%, 10%, 15%, 20%, 25%, 30%, 
40%, 50%, 60%, 75% and 95%). Furthermore, actual percentages of capital interests and voting rights in 
the Company may slightly differ from the percentages registered in the substantial holdings and gross short

--- Page 99 ---
96 
positions register held by the AFM, because any shares held in treasury by the Company will be counted 
also in the relevant denominators for purposes of Dutch law disclosure obligations and therefore for the 
table above, although such treasury shares cannot be regarded to be part of the Company’s “issued and 
outstanding share capital”. 
Relationship Agreement 
On 8 September 2021, Vivendi SE, Concerto Investment B.V., Scherzo Investment B.V., Compagnie de 
l’Odet and Compagnie de Cornouaille entered into a relationship agreement (the “Relationship 
Agreement”), which was co-signed by the Company for agreement and acknowledgement of certain 
provisions. 
Amongst other things, the parties to the Relationship Agreement have agreed to consult with one another 
prior to each General Meeting in order to form, to the extent possible, a common view in respect of the 
various items related to the subjects included in and the obligations of the parties under the Relationship 
Agreement. 
The parties to the Relationship Agreement have agreed upon the Company’s dividend policy and shall 
undertake to do such that is necessary in order to comply with the Company’s dividend policy, pursuant 
to which the Company intends, on an annual basis, to pay dividends to all Shareholders, on a pro rata basis 
in two semi-annual instalments, in the aggregate amount of not less than 50% of the Company’s net profits, 
subject to agreed non-cash items and applicable law, and as calculated in accordance with the provisions 
set out in the Relationship Agreement. 
Furthermore, the Relationship Agreement provides arrangements concerning consultation, Dutch 
mandatory takeover rules, sale of shares, information sharing and termination of the agreement. 
Subsidiaries 
The Company is the holding company of the Group. 
The following structure chart illustrates the simplified structure of the Group as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
 
 
The following is a list of material subsidiaries, based on their contribution to the consolidated financial 
performance and/or position of the Group as at 31 December 2023. 
Name 
Country of incorporation 
% of shares and voting 
rights held 
Universal Music Group, Inc. 
United States 
100 
Universal Music Group Holdings, Inc. 
United States 
100

--- Page 100 ---
97 
Name 
Country of incorporation 
% of shares and voting 
rights held 
UMG Recordings, Inc. 
United States 
100 
Universal International Music B.V. 
The Netherlands 
100 
Universal Music Entertainment GmbH 
Germany 
100 
Universal Music LLC 
Japan 
100 
Universal Music Holdings Ltd. 
UK 
100 
Universal Music Group Treasury S.A.S. 
France 
100 
 
Funding 
To fund its business activities and operations, the Company expects to have all or part of the following 
debt funding sources available: 
(i) 
internally generated cash flows; 
(ii) 
EUR 2,000,000,000 under a revolving credit facility which matures on April 26, 2028; 
(iii) 
public or private debt issuances under the Programme; 
(iv) 
issue of perpetual capital securities; 
(v) 
borrowing debt via other instruments such as private placements; and 
(vii) 
issuances of negotiable European commercial paper pursuant to a EUR 1,000,000,000 negotiable 
European commercial paper programme. 
Corporate Governance 
Set out below is a summary of relevant information as well as a brief summary of certain significant 
provisions of the Articles of Association and Dutch corporate law in force on the date of this Base 
Prospectus concerning the Board. 
This section gives an overview of the material information concerning the Board, the Corporate Executives 
and a brief overview of certain provisions of Dutch law and the Articles of Association. 
This overview does not purport to give a complete overview and is qualified in its entirety by Dutch law 
as in force on the date of this Base Prospectus, the Articles of Association and the Board regulations 
(bestuursreglement) (the “Board Regulations”). This overview does not constitute legal advice regarding 
those matters and should not be regarded as such. The full text of the Articles of Association is incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus and is available free of charge in the governing Dutch language thereof 
(and an unofficial English translation) at the offices of the Company during business hours and in 
electronic 
form 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
(https://assets.ctfassets.net/e66ejtqbaazg/4hK6v2FiQROZLkzM8dgTal/bb6ea10e10f2bb6266d278ee989f
832a/B01_-_Articles_of_Association_of_Universal_Music_Group_N.V..pdf). The full text of the Board 
Regulations in the English language is available in electronic form on the Company’s website 
(https://investors.universalmusic.com/governance). 
Management structure 
The Company has a one-tier board structure (the “Board”) comprising executive and non-executive 
directors (the “Executive Directors” and “Non-Executive Directors” and each of them a “Director”). 
The Executive Directors are primarily responsible for all day-to-day operations of the Company. The Non-
Executive Directors supervise (i) the Executive Directors’ policy and performance of duties and (ii) the 
Company’s general affairs and its business, and render advice and direction to the Executive Directors. 
The Directors furthermore perform any duties allocated to them under or pursuant to the law or the Articles 
of Association. Each Director has a duty to the Company to properly perform the duties assigned to him

--- Page 101 ---
98 
or her and to act in its corporate interest. Under Dutch law, the Company’s corporate interest extends to 
the interests of all its stakeholders, including its shareholders, creditors and employees. 
Powers, responsibilities and functioning of the Board 
The Board is the executive and supervisory body of the Company. It is entrusted with the management of 
the Company, it supervises the general course of affairs in the Company and the business affiliated with 
the Company and is responsible for the continuity of the Company. The Board is accountable for these 
matters to the Company’s general meeting (the “General Meeting”). 
The Board’s responsibilities include, among other things, forming a view on sustainable long-term value 
creation by the Company, determining the Company’s strategy and risk management policy, appointing 
and dismissing the senior internal auditor, annually assessing the way in which the internal audit function 
fulfils its responsibility and approving the audit plan drawn up by the internal audit function, ensuring 
compliance with legislation and regulations and the corporate governance structure of the Company, and 
publishing the corporate structure of the Company and any other information required under the Dutch 
Civil Code (Burgerlijk Wetboek) (“Dutch Civil Code”) and Dutch Corporate Governance Code. 
The Articles of Association provide that the Board shall consist of one or more Executive Directors and 
one or more Non-Executive Directors. The number of Executive Directors and the number of Non-
Executive Directors shall be determined by the Board. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the number 
of Directors is fourteen, comprising two Executive Directors and twelve Non-Executive Directors. The 
Directors are appointed by the General Meeting at the non-binding nomination of the Board. A nomination 
by the Board shall state whether a person is nominated for appointment as Executive Director or Non-
Executive Director. The person so nominated is appointed by a resolution adopted by the General Meeting 
with a simple majority of the votes cast. 
A Director shall be appointed for a maximum period of two years, provided, however, that his or her term 
of office shall lapse immediately after the close of the annual General Meeting held in the second year 
after his or her appointment. A Director may be reappointed with due observance of the preceding 
sentence. At the proposal of the Board, the General Meeting may resolve to deviate from the maximum 
period of two years. 
The Articles of Association provide that each Non-Executive Director may be in office for a period of not 
more than twelve years, unless at the proposal of the Board the General Meeting resolves otherwise. A 
Non-Executive Director’s term of office shall lapse in accordance with the retirement schedule drawn up 
by the Board. 
The General Meeting may at all times suspend or dismiss any Director. The Board may at all times suspend 
an Executive Director. A suspension may be extended one or more times but may not last longer than three 
months in aggregate. If at the end of that period, no decision has been taken on the termination of the 
suspension or on dismissal, the suspension shall end. A suspension can be terminated by the General 
Meeting at any time. 
The independency of Non-Executive Directors in accordance with the Dutch Corporate Governance Code 
is assessed prior to their nomination for appointment on the Board and, thereafter, annually. 
The Board remains accountable for the performance and affairs of the Company. As at the date of the Base 
Prospectus, the Board has appointed from amongst its Non-Executive Directors three committees to assist 
it to discharge its duties: an audit committee (the “Audit Committee”), a remuneration committee (the 
“Remuneration Committee”), and a nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”). The Board 
may appoint additional committees from time to time, as it deems necessary and appropriate to carry out 
its responsibilities and oversight function. 
Composition of the Board 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board is comprised of the following Directors.

--- Page 102 ---
99 
Name 
Age 
Position 
Member from 
Term 
Sir Lucian Grainge 
64 
Chairman & Chief Executive 
Officer and Executive 
Director 
20 September 
2021 
Until May 1, 2028 
Vincent Vallejo 
63 
Deputy Chief Executive 
Officer, Corporate and 
Executive Director 
20 September 
2021 
Until Annual General 
Meeting to be held in 
2025 
Sherry Lansing 
79 
Chairman of the Board and 
Independent Non-Executive 
Director 
12 May 2022 
Until Annual General 
Meeting to be held in 
2025 
William A. Ackman 
58 
Non-Executive Director 
12 May 2022 
Until Annual General 
Meeting to be held in 
2026 
Cathia Lawson-Hall 
52 
Non-Executive Director 
20 September 
2021 
Until Annual General 
Meeting to be held in 
2026 
Cyrille Bolloré 
38 
Non-Executive Director 
12 May 2022 
Until Annual General 
Meeting to be held in 
2026 
Eric Sprunk 
60 
Independent Non-Executive 
Director 
16 May 2024 
Until Annual General 
Meeting to be held in 
2026 
Haim Saban 
79 
Independent Non-Executive 
Director 
11 May 2023 
Until Annual General 
Meeting to be held in 
2025 
James Mitchell 
50 
Non-Executive Director 
20 September 
2021 
Until Annual General 
Meeting to be held in 
2026 
Luc Van Os 
57 
Non-Executive Director 
20 September 
2021 
Until Annual General 
Meeting to be held in 
2025 
Mandy Ginsberg 
54 
Independent Non-Executive 
Director 
16 May 2024 
Until Annual General 
Meeting to be held in 
2026 
Manning Doherty 
51 
Non-Executive Director 
20 September 
2021 
Until Annual General 
Meeting to be held in 
2026 
Margaret Frerejean-
Taittinger 
38 
Independent Non-Executive 
Director 
20 September 
2021 
Until Annual General 
Meeting to be held in 
2026 
Nicole Avant 
56 
Independent Non-Executive 
Director 
12 May 2022 
Until Annual General 
Meeting to be held in 
2026 
The Company’s registered address, ‘s-Gravelandseweg 80, 1217 EW Hilversum, the Netherlands, serves 
as the business address for all members of the Board. 
Biographical Details of the Executive Directors 
Sir Lucian Grainge (Chairman & Chief Executive Officer) 
Sir Lucian Grainge has spent his entire career in the music industry and has signed and worked with many 
worldwide stars, including ABBA, Jay Z, Elton John, Katy Perry, Queen, Rihanna, The Rolling Stones, 
Sam Smith, U2 and Amy Winehouse, among many others. During the span of four decades, he not only 
pioneered new approaches to the signing and development of the world’s most successful recording artists 
and songwriters, but he also consistently championed the development of innovative business models and 
partnerships with a wide range of technology and media partners around the world. Sir Grainge has 
transformed UMG into the most successful company in the history of the music industry, both 
competitively and financially, and his vision and leadership is widely recognized as having returned the 
entire industry to growth after years of decline. In 2011, Sir Grainge led UMG’s successful acquisition of

--- Page 103 ---
100 
the recorded music assets of the legendary British music company EMI, revitalizing its iconic Capitol 
Records, and, in the process, further strengthening UMG’s position as the global leader in music.  
A native of London, Sir Lucian was bestowed with a knighthood in 2016 by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth 
II in the Queen’s 90th Birthday Honours list for accomplishments in the music industry and leadership 
through its challenging times, contributions to British business and inward investment, as well as his 
development of innovative business models, technology and media partnerships that have expanded 
UMG’s global presence. 
Vincent Vallejo (Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Corporate) 
Vincent Vallejo is Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Corporate for UMG. Based at UMG’s corporate 
headquarters in Hilversum, the Netherlands, and reporting to UMG’s Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer, Sir Lucian Grainge CBE, Mr. Vallejo is leading a number of corporate initiatives related to UMG’s 
listing on Euronext Amsterdam. Mr. Vallejo has worked closely across UMG matters since joining 
Vivendi in 1998, most recently as SVP, Audit & Special Projects. Prior to joining Vivendi, Mr. Vallejo 
held positions at AGF-ALLIANZ France (Deputy Chief Financial Officer) and Ernst & Young in Paris 
and Madrid. Mr. Vallejo received an MBA from Montpellier University and a Master of Science from 
Cornell-Essec, Cergy-Pontoise, France.  
Biographical Details of the Non-Executive Directors 
Sherry Lansing (Chairman of the Board and Independent Non-Executive Director) 
Sherry Lansing is the founder and Chief Executive Officer of The Sherry Lansing Foundation, an 
organization dedicated to funding and raising awareness for cancer research, health, public education, and 
encore career opportunities. Ms. Lansing has extensive knowledge regarding the creative industries, 
including but not limited to audio/visual content. During a nearly 30-year career in the motion picture 
business, Ms. Lansing was involved in the production, marketing, and distribution of more than 200 films, 
including Academy Award winners Forrest Gump, Braveheart, and Titanic. In 1980, Ms. Lansing became 
the first woman to head a major film studio when she was appointed President of 20th Century Fox. Later, 
as an independent producer, she was responsible for such successful films as Fatal Attraction, The 
Accused, School Ties, Indecent Proposal, and Black Rain. Returning to the executive ranks in 1992, Ms. 
Lansing was named Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Paramount Pictures and began an 
unprecedented tenure that lasted more than 12 years. Ms. Lansing graduated cum laude with a Bachelor 
of Science Degree from Northwestern University in 1966. 
William A. Ackman (Non-Executive Director) 
Bill Ackman is the Chief Executive Officer of Pershing Square Capital Management, L.P., an investment 
firm he founded in 2003. Mr. Ackman is Chairman of Howard Hughes Holdings Inc. (NYSE:HHH), and 
Chairman and CEO of Pershing Square SPARC Holdings, Ltd., a special purpose acquisition rights 
company. He serves as a member of the Investor Advisory Committee on Financial Markets for the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, and as a member of the Board of Dean’s Advisors of the Harvard Business 
School. He served as Chairman and CEO of Pershing Square Tontine Holdings, Ltd. (NYSE:PSTH), a 
special purpose acquisition company, from July 2020 to July 2022. Mr. Ackman is co-trustee of the 
Pershing Square Foundation, a family foundation. Mr. Ackman received an MBA from the Harvard 
Business School and a Bachelor of Arts magna cum laude from Harvard College. 
Cathia Lawson-Hall (Non-Executive Director) 
Cathia Lawson-Hall has over 25 years of experience in the financial sector. She was Head of Coverage 
and Investment Banking for Africa at Société Générale, in charge of the overall relationship and strategic 
advisory with governments, large corporates and financial institutions in Africa. Previously, she served as 
Managing Director, Co-Head of Debt Capital Markets for corporates in France, Belgium and Luxembourg. 
Ms. Lawson-Hall is also a member of the Board of Directors of two listed companies, Vivendi SE and 
Endeavour Mining Plc. She is also an independent director of Agence Française de Développement (AFD)

--- Page 104 ---
101 
and sits on the board of directors of “Amis du Centre Pompidou”, the first patrons of the museum who 
contribute to the enrichment of the collections of the institution. Ms. Lawson-Hall was one of six 
recipients, alongside the Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, of a Diversity Award in 2017 awarded by the 
think tank “Club XXIe-Siècle” in the “Career path” category. In 2015, Ms. Lawson-Hall was voted 
Manager of the Year at the sixth edition of La Tribune Women's Awards. Cathia Lawson-Hall holds a 
Master’s degree and a postgraduate degree in Finance from Paris Dauphine University. 
Cyrille Bolloré (Non-Executive Director) 
Cyrille Bolloré serves as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Bolloré Group, a family-controlled 
holding company which is among UMG’s largest investors and among the 500 largest companies in the 
world with focused investments in transportation and logistics, communication, electricity storage and 
solutions. At Bolloré Group, he additionally serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Bolloré 
Energy, Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Sofibol, Chairman of the Management Board of 
Compagnie du Cambodge, and Vice-Chairman of Compagnie de l’Odet, as a Director of Bolloré 
Participations SE, Financière V, Omnium Bolloré, Société Industrielle et Financière de l’Artois, Financière 
du Champ de Mars, SFA SA, Nord Sumatra Investissements, and Plantations des Terres Rouges, as a 
permanent representative on the Boards of Financière Moncey, and as a member of the Supervisory Board 
of JCDecaux Bolloré Holding. In addition, Mr. Bolloré serves as a director on the boards of several 
prominent companies, including on the Supervisory Board of Vivendi SE, and also serves on the Board of 
Socfinasia and Socfin, and as a permanent representative on the Board of Socfinaf. Mr. Bolloré is a 
graduate of Paris Dauphine University, and holds a Master’s degree in Economics and Management, with 
a major in Finance. 
Eric Sprunk (Independent Non-Executive Director) 
Eric Sprunk is a global consumer-retail industry leader with more than 25 years’ experience delivering 
outstanding financial results, creating shareholder value and building loyal, high-performance teams. Mr. 
Sprunk most recently served as the Chief Operating Officer of Nike from 2013 to 2020, where he led a 
globally distributed team of over 25,000 Nike employees and an additional 1,200,000 contract employees 
responsible for its robust and innovative global supply chain, demand and supply planning, procurement, 
corporate real estate and workplaces and IT/technology for the global enterprise. During his 27 years at 
Nike, Mr. Sprunk held various executive positions of increasing responsibility, including EVP, Global 
Product & Merchandising from 2008 to 2013 and EVP & GM, Global Footwear from 2001 to 2008. As 
Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Sprunk drove the digital transformation of the company to be consumer 
direct. Mr. Sprunk currently serves as a member of the Board of Directors of General Mills, Bombardier 
and Nordstrom. Mr. Sprunk holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration and Accounting from 
the University of Montana. 
 
Haim Saban (Independent Non-Executive Director) 
Haim Saban is an entrepreneur with more than four decades of experience building successful media and 
telecommunication businesses. He is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Saban Capital LLC, a 
private Los Angeles-based investment firm that spans operations in real estate, venture capital, film and 
music. In partnership with News Corp. and Rupert Murdoch, Mr. Saban co-founded Fox Family 
Worldwide in 1996, creating a global television, broadcasting, production, distribution and merchandising 
company. In 2001, Walt Disney Co. acquired Fox Family for an enterprise value of $5.3 billion. Mr. Saban 
founded Saban Capital Group (SCG) and led an investor group in 2003 to buy a controlling stake in 
ProSiebenSat.1 Media, Germany’s largest broadcaster. He served as Chairman of its Supervisory Board 
and in 2007 oversaw the sale of the controlling stake to KKR and Permira at a $7.5 billion valuation, 
representing five times the initial investment. In 2005, SCG and Apax Partners acquired a controlling stake 
in Bezeq, Israel’s largest telecom company, which they sold to Eurocom Group at a valuation of more than 
four-and-a-half times the initial investment five years later. SCG led the acquisition in 2007 of Univision 
Communications, the leading Spanish-language media company in the U.S. for which Mr. Saban served 
as Chairman. SCG continues to make minority and controlling investments in early stage private and 
public companies, including Epic Games, Keshet, Kite Pharma and Roblox, among others; feature film 
projects through Saban Films; and private equity investments in companies, including Celestial Tiger. In

--- Page 105 ---
102 
2019, SCG launched Saban Music Group, a global independent recorded music and publishing company, 
which partnered in 2020 with UMG for distribution. 
James Mitchell (Non-Executive Director) 
James Mitchell is a Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer of Tencent Holdings 
Limited (HKEX:0700), where he has worked since July 2011. Mr. Mitchell has also served as Chairman 
and Non-Executive Director of the Board of China Literature Limited (HKEX:0772) since June 2017. He 
is also a director of certain other listed companies including Frontier Developments Plc (AIM:FDEV) and 
Tencent Music Entertainment Group (NYSE:TME, HKEX:1698), and of various unlisted companies. 
Prior to joining Tencent, Mr. Mitchell was a Managing Director at Goldman Sachs. Mr. Mitchell received 
a Bachelor of Arts degree from Oxford University and holds a Chartered Financial Analyst certification. 
Luc Van Os (Non-Executive Director) 
Luc van Os is co-owner of Misset Uitgeverij, a B2B publisher of multi-media brands for the agricultural 
sector, and of Rendement Uitgeverij, a B2B multimedia publisher specialized in human resources, fiscal 
and salary information. Previously, he served for 12 years as Chief Executive Officer of Hearst 
Netherlands and its predecessors, home to titles including Harper’s Bazaar, Elle, Quote and Cosmopolitan. 
Prior to serving as Chief Executive Officer, he held different leadership roles at Hearst and its 
predecessors, Hachette Filipacchi Media and Quote Media. Under his leadership, Hearst became the 
largest upscale magazine publisher in the Netherlands. Mr. Van Os is also a member of the Supervisory 
Board of VNO-NCW, the national employers association in the Netherlands. 
Mandy Ginsberg (Independent Non-Executive Director) 
Mandy Ginsberg is an operating partner at Advent International, one of the largest global private equity 
investment firms. An accomplished leader with extensive online consumer acumen, Ms. Ginsberg played 
various roles over fourteen years at Interactive Corp and Match Group, a portfolio of industry leading 
digital dating platforms. She served as CEO of Match Group Americas from 2016 to 2018 and ultimately 
served as CEO of the publicly listed entity Match Group from 2018 to 2020, leading its 45 global dating 
companies, including Tinder, Match.com, OkCupid, and Hinge. As CEO of Match Group, she drove a 
period of tremendous subscriber and revenue growth and more than doubled the company’s enterprise 
value. During her tenure, she led the company’s expansion in North America and overseas, both through 
organic growth and acquisitions, including the 2018 purchase of relationship-focused platform Hinge. Ms. 
Ginsberg has held roles within the IAC portfolio of digital companies since 2006. This includes tenures as 
an EdTech CEO of both The Princeton Review and Tutor.com from 2013 to 2015 and CEO of Match.com 
North America from 2008 to 2012. She currently serves on the Board of Directors at Uber Technologies 
and ThredUp, and previously served as a director at Match Group, J.C. Penney Company and Care.com. 
Ms. Ginsberg holds an MBA from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and a BA from 
the University of California, Berkeley. 
 
Manning Doherty (Non-Executive Director) 
Manning Doherty is a Managing Director of GIC Pte Ltd., a Singaporean sovereign wealth fund. He is the 
Head of the Infrastructure Group (North America), investing across the capital structure in infrastructure 
and related industries. Mr. Doherty’s career spans senior roles in equity research, private equity and special 
situation investing in Asia and the U.S. Prior to GIC, he served as Managing Director of Mount Kellett 
Capital and as Managing Director of Oaktree Capital Management. As an active investor, Mr. Doherty 
assists companies with strategic reviews to develop adjacent business lines, improve KPI monitoring and 
decision making, and supplement the evaluation of strategic M&A and corporate finance actions. He holds 
an MBA from The Wharton School and a Master’s degree in International Studies from the Lauder 
Institute at the University of Pennsylvania. He also holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Queen’s 
University in Kingston, Ontario.

--- Page 106 ---
103 
Margaret Frerejean-Taittinger (Independent Non-Executive Director) 
Margaret Frerejean-Taittinger is the co-founder of French Bloom, a company that specializes in organic 
alcohol-free sparkling wines. Serving as Chief Marketing Officer, Ms. Frerejean-Taittinger has 
successfully positioned French Bloom as the market leader of the super-premium 0.0% category with 
presence in more than 30 markets. Previously, she served as International Development Manager for the 
Michelin Guide, the renowned restaurant rating system that publishes its yearly selections in over 35 
countries. In this role, Ms. Frerejean-Taittinger led the expansion of the Michelin Guide working towards 
doubling its international footprint over a period of five years. Prior to Michelin, she served as the Director 
of Communications and Marketing for Laboratories Surface-Paris, a beauty company that specializes in 
cosmeceutical skincare. Ms. Frerejean-Taittinger also spent eight years in the international development 
field, addressing cross-sector challenges to sustainable development with a focus on education and micro-
finance in East Africa. Ms. Frerejean-Taittinger holds a Master of Development Practice from l’Institut 
d'Etudes Politiques de Paris (Sciences Po), where she graduated summa cum laude. 
Nicole Avant (Independent Non-Executive Director) 
Nicole Avant is the best selling author of “Think You’ll Be Happy - Moving Through Grief with Grit, 
Grace and Gratitude”. She served as the 13th U.S. Ambassador to The Bahamas after being nominated by 
President Barack Obama and unanimously confirmed by the U.S. Senate, becoming the youngest as well 
as the first African American woman to hold the position. In addition to her international diplomatic work, 
Ambassador Avant brings deep commercial insight and knowledge of the media and entertainment 
industries having worked in the music business for over 25 years and serving as Vice President of Interior 
Music Publishing, founded by her father, entertainment mogul, Clarence Avant. Ambassador Avant 
currently focuses her efforts in film and television production and has produced the critically acclaimed 
and award winning films “The Black Godfather” and “Trees of Peace”. Ambassador Avant also serves on 
the Board of Soho House & Co, Inc. Throughout her career, Ambassador Avant has also pursued an array 
of business and philanthropic ventures. Ambassador Avant graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 
Communications from California State University, Northridge. 
Corporate Executives 
The Group is managed by corporate executives (the “Corporate Executives”). The current Corporate 
Executives consist of nine key members, each of whom oversees a specific aspect of the business. The 
persons set forth below are the current members of the Corporate Executives.  
Name 
Age 
Position 
Sir Lucian Grainge 
64 
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer 
Philippe Flageul 
59 
Executive Vice President, Controller 
Jody Gerson 
63 
Chairman & CEO for Universal Music Publishing Group 
Jeffrey Harleston 
63 
General Counsel and Executive Vice President of Business & Legal Affairs 
Eric Hutcherson 
55 
Executive Vice President, Chief People and Inclusion Officer 
Boyd Muir 
65 
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and President of 
Operations 
Michael Nash 
67 
Executive Vice President, Chief Digital Officer 
Will Tanous 
54 
Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer 
Vincent Vallejo 
63 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Corporate 
The Company’s registered address, ‘s-Gravelandseweg 80, 1217 EW Hilversum, the Netherlands, serves 
as the business address for all Corporate Executives. 
For information in respect of the Corporate Executives who are also members of the Board, including Sir 
Lucian Grainge and Vincent Vallejo, see above under Biographical Details of the Executive Directors. 
Set out below are brief summaries of the biographies of the remaining members of the Corporate 
Executives:

--- Page 107 ---
104 
Philippe Flageul (Executive Vice President, Controller) 
Philippe Flageul is responsible for overseeing many aspects of UMG’s finance operations, including 
accounting, tax, treasury, risk management and IT and supply chain finance. He also oversees UMG’s 
global procurement. Flageul joined UMG in 2015 from Bolloré Group, where he worked for more than 
two decades as CFO of the industrial division and Chairman of IER. Mr. Flageul holds an MBA from 
EDHEC. 
Jody Gerson (Chairman & CEO for Universal Music Publishing Group) 
Jody Gerson is one of music’s most respected, accomplished executives and creative authorities. She is 
the first female chairman of a global music company and the first woman to be named Chief Executive 
Officer of a major music publisher. Since joining UMPG in 2015, Ms. Gerson has transformed the 
company into the industry’s best global home to songwriters and a billion-dollar business – more than 
doubling revenue and substantially increasing profit. Ms. Gerson led UMPG’s historic catalogue 
acquisitions of Bob Dylan, Sting, Neil Diamond and others. She has signed and works with the world’s 
biggest superstars including Elton John, Taylor Swift, Harry Styles, Kendrick Lamar, Bad Bunny, Adele, 
The Weeknd, Billie Eilish, SZA, Rosalia, Drake, Steve Lacy, Alicia Keys,Lana Del Rey. Coldplay, Justin 
Bieber, Post Malone, Ariana Grande, H.E.R., Maren Morris, the Bee Gees, Prince, and more. Additionally, 
Ms. Gerson jointly oversees Polygram Entertainment, a film and television development and production 
division of UMG which has produced award-winning projects including The Bee Gees: How to Mend a 
Broken Heart (HBO), Dear Mama (FX) and HBO’s Music Box series. Ms. Gerson cofounded non-profit 
She Is The Music and serves on Boards for the USC Annenberg Inclusion Initiative, The Rock & Roll Hall 
of Fame, the National Music Publishers Association, The Archer School for Girls and New Roads School. 
Ms. Gerson executive produced numerous acclaimed film/TV projects, including HBO’s “The Bee Gees: 
How Can You Mend a Broken Heart” and HBO’s “Music Box” series, and produced feature films 
“Drumline” and “ATL”. 
Jeffrey Harleston (General Counsel and Executive Vice President, Business & Legal Affairs) 
Jeffrey Harleston is responsible for the global oversight of all business transactions, contracts and 
litigation. He is additionally responsible for the development of corporate policies, including the 
coordination of UMG’s government relations, trade and anti-piracy activities, to ensure a unified strategy 
across the Company’s divisions. Mr. Harleston joined the Company in 1993 at MCA Records, after serving 
as Associate Independent Counsel for the Iran-Contra Investigation and prior to that as an Associate at 
Covington & Burling LLP. Mr. Harleston serves as co-chair of UMG’s Task Force for Meaningful Change, 
where he leads a group of influential executives from across UMG to focus on issues regarding inclusion 
and social justice. Mr. Harleston also serves on the boards of the Recording Industry Association of 
America (RIAA), MusiCares, Williams College and the Harvard-Westlake School. He received a B.A. in 
Political Science from Williams College and a J.D. from the University of California, Berkeley School of 
Law. 
Eric Hutcherson (Executive Vice President, Chief People and Inclusion Officer) 
With a focus on people, culture and inclusion, Eric Hutcherson leads a global team across UMG’s record 
labels, publishing division and operating companies to align talent functions, amplify the Company’s 
entrepreneurial-based culture, accelerate diversity and inclusion across all levels and territories, attract, 
retain and develop talent, accelerate the Company’s social justice initiatives and build on UMG’s 
successful track-record of driving innovation by recruiting employees who bring new ideas, perspectives 
and skillsets. Prior to joining UMG, he was EVP, Chief Human Resources Officer of the National 
Basketball Association (“NBA”) where he managed a team that drove the NBA’s global workforce 
strategy. Mr. Hutcherson earned a bachelor’s degree in Political Science from New York University and 
a master’s degree in Sports Management and Administration from the University of Massachusetts-
Amherst.

--- Page 108 ---
105 
Boyd Muir (Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and President of Operations) 
Working seamlessly across the corporate and creative aspects of UMG’s operations, Boyd Muir is 
responsible for overseeing many of UMG’s corporate operations including global finance. Mr. Muir led 
the strategic physical-to-digital reshaping of the Company’s businesses, and he has played a key role in 
several of UMG’s most prominent acquisitions, including Sanctuary Group and V2 Music Group, as well 
as the Company’s successful acquisition of EMI, Ingrooves Music Group and Epic Rights, among others. 
Mr. Muir joined UMG in 1994 and previously served as Chief Financial Officer for Universal Music 
Group International, a division that managed UMG’s businesses in more than 50 countries. 
Michael Nash (Executive Vice President, Chief Digital Officer) 
Michael Nash supervises UMG’s digital business development activities around the world, manages 
strategic relationships with the Company’s largest partners, and oversees global digital licensing, as well 
as numerous innovation initiatives. Mr. Nash has worked at the forefront of media and technology 
convergence for his entire career as an executive, entrepreneur and producer. Before joining UMG in 2015, 
he served as a strategic advisor to Warner Music Group, as well as several digital media startups; prior to 
that, he served as WMG’s Executive Vice President of Digital Strategy and Business Development, 
responsible for WMG's global digital business. Prior to WMG, Mr. Nash was the Executive Director of 
the Madison Project, the music industry’s first digital distribution trial, and he was the founding CEO of 
Inscape, an interactive entertainment and games publishing joint venture backed by Time Warner. 
Will Tanous (Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer) 
Will Tanous plays a key role in the development of the Company’s business strategy, overseeing several 
major strategic and corporate endeavors, as well as managing worldwide external and internal 
communications, global public policy, investor and government relations, event functions and social 
responsibility. Prior to joining UMG in 2013, Mr. Tanous served as Executive Vice President of 
Communications & Marketing for Warner Music Group where he was central in all of the company’s 
major corporate initiatives, including the sale of WMG to Access Industries, Inc.,WMG’s initial public 
offering on the New York Stock Exchange in 2005 and the sale of WMG by Time Warner Inc. to a private 
equity consortium. He serves on the board of the Recording Industry Association of America and is a 
graduate of Georgetown University in Washington D.C.  
Potential Conflicts of Interest of Directors and Corporate Executives 
Directors 
Other than as described below, no Director has a conflict of interest (actual or potential) between his or 
her duties to the Company and his or her private interests and/or other duties: 
a) 
James Mitchell and Manning Doherty were nominated for appointment as Directors by the Board. 
Each of James Mitchell and Manning Doherty is considered a representative of the Tencent-led 
Consortium (which collectively hold an interest of more than 10% in the Company) and each of 
them is therefore considered not independent for the purposes of the Dutch Corporate Governance 
Code. Since each of James Mitchell and Manning Doherty is considered a representative of the 
Tencent-led Consortium, and since the interests of the Tencent-led Consortium may not be aligned 
with the interests of the Company, a conflict of interest might arise. For example, a potential 
conflict of interest between the Company and each of James Mitchell and Manning Doherty could 
arise where a decision that aims to contribute to the long-term and sustainable success of the 
Company would impact the (short-term) share price of the Company’s shares and thus the 
shareholding of the Tencent-led Consortium. James Mitchell and Manning Doherty may be less 
inclined to agree or express themselves in a positive manner in relation to a decision which could 
have a negative impact on the Tencent-led Consortium when compared to the other, independent, 
Non-Executive Directors that are not affiliated with the Tencent-led Consortium.

--- Page 109 ---
106 
b) 
Cyrille Bolloré was nominated for appointment as Director by the Board. Cyrille Bolloré is also 
the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Bolloré Group, a family-controlled holding 
company which is among UMG’s largest investors, and is therefore considered not independent 
for the purposes of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. Since the interests of the Bolloré Group 
may not be aligned with the interests of the Company, a conflict of interest might arise. Similar as 
at paragraph a) above, a potential conflict of interest between the Company and Cyrille Bolloré 
could arise where a decision made by the Company would impact the (short-term) share price of 
the Company’s shares and thus the shareholding of the Bolloré Group; and 
c) 
Bill Ackman was nominated for appointment as Director by the Board. Because of the 10%-
shareholding in the Company that is attributed to him, Bill Ackman is considered not independent 
for the purposes of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. Since his interests as a major 
shareholder of the Company may not be aligned with the interests of the Company, a conflict of 
interest might arise. Similar as at paragraph a) above, a potential conflict of interest between the 
Company and Bill Ackman could arise where a decision made by the Company would impact the 
(short-term) share price of the Company’s shares and thus the shareholding in the Company that 
is attributed to Bill Ackman. 
The Board does not expect that the circumstances described above will cause any of the Directors to have 
a conflict with the duties they owe to the Company. However, the Board Regulations as well as the Related 
Party Transactions Policy include arrangements to ensure that the Board will in each relevant situation 
handle and decide on any (potential) conflict of interest. 
Corporate Executives 
None of the Corporate Executives has a conflict of interest (actual or potential) between his or her duties 
to the Company and his or her private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 110 ---
107 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the “Clearing Systems”) currently in 
effect. The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from the relevant 
Clearing Systems. Such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and 
is able to ascertain from information published by the relevant Clearing Systems, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Dealers take no 
responsibility for the accuracy of such information. 
Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued 
applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. Neither the Issuer 
nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held 
through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Book-entry Systems 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the 
clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their 
respective account holders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including 
safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities 
lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities 
markets in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which 
their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of either system. 
Euroclear’s offices are situated at 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. Clearstream, 
Luxembourg’s offices are situated at 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating 
procedures of the relevant clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require that 
certain persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer 
Notes represented by a Registered Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange 
such Notes for Notes in definitive form. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear will generally have a settlement date two business days after the 
trade date (T+2). The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed to 
facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants and 
accountholders of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation to 
perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at 
any time. None of the Issuer, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders 
of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations and none of them 
will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial

--- Page 111 ---
108 
interests in the Notes represented by Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing 
any records relating to such beneficial interests.

--- Page 112 ---
109 
TAXATION 
The Netherlands 
This is a general summary and the tax consequences as described here may not apply to a holder of Notes. 
Any potential investor should consult his own tax adviser for more information about the tax consequences 
of acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes in his particular circumstances. 
This taxation summary solely addresses the principal Netherlands tax consequences of the acquisition, the 
ownership and disposition of Notes issued by the Issuer and the performance by the Issuer after the date 
hereof held by a holder of Notes who is not a resident of the Netherlands. It does not consider every aspect 
of taxation that may be relevant to a particular holder of Notes under special circumstances or who is 
subject to special treatment under applicable law. Where in this summary English terms and expressions 
are used to refer to Netherlands concepts, the meaning to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall 
be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Netherlands concepts under Netherlands tax law. 
This summary is based on the tax laws of the Netherlands as they are in force and in effect on the date of 
this Prospectus. The laws upon which this summary is based are subject to change, potentially with 
retroactive effect. A change to such laws may invalidate the contents of this summary, which will not be 
updated to reflect any such change. This summary assumes that each transaction with respect to Notes is 
at arm’s length. 
This summary does not address the Netherlands tax consequences for a holder of Notes that is considered 
to be affiliated (gelieerd) to the Issuer within the meaning of the Netherlands Withholding Tax Act 2021 
(Wet bronbelasting 2021). Generally, a holder of Notes is considered to be affiliated to the Issuer for these 
purposes if (i) it has a qualifying interest in the Issuer, (ii) the Issuer has a qualifying interest in such party, 
or (iii) a third party has a qualifying interest in both the Issuer and such party. For these purposes, a party 
is equated with any collaborating group of parties of which it forms part. A qualifying interest is an interest 
that allows the holder to have a decisive influence over the other party’s decisions, in such a way that it is 
able to determine the activities of the other party. A party is in any case considered to have a qualifying 
interest in another party if it (directly or indirectly) owns more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights in 
such other party. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments by the Issuer under the Notes may be made free of withholding or deduction of any taxes of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or 
taxing authority thereof or therein. 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
A holder of Notes will not be subject to any Netherlands taxes on income or capital gains in respect of 
Notes, including such tax on any payment under the Notes or in respect of any gain realised on the disposal, 
deemed disposal or exchange of Notes, provided that: 
(i) 
such holder is neither a resident nor deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands, Bonaire, 
Saint Eustatius or Saba; 
(ii) 
such holder does not have an enterprise or an interest in an enterprise that is, in whole or in 
part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the 
Netherlands, Bonaire, Saint Eustatius or Saba, and to which enterprise or part of an enterprise, 
as the case may be, Notes are attributable; 
(iii) 
if such holder is an individual, neither such holder nor any of his spouse, his partner, a person 
deemed to be his partner, or other persons sharing such person’s house or household, or 
certain other of such persons’ relatives (including foster children), whether directly and/or 
indirectly as (deemed) settlor, grantor or similar originator (the “Settlor”), or upon the death

--- Page 113 ---
110 
of the Settlor, his/her beneficiaries (the “Beneficiaries”) in proportion to their entitlement to 
the estate of the Settlor of a trust, foundation or similar arrangement (the “Separated Private 
Assets”), (a) indirectly has control of the proceeds of Notes in the Netherlands, nor (b) has a 
substantial interest in the Issuer and/or any other entity that legally or de facto, directly or 
indirectly, has control of the proceeds of Notes in the Netherlands. For purposes of this clause 
(iii), a substantial interest is generally not present if a holder does not hold, alone or together 
with his spouse, his partner, a person deemed to be his partner, or other persons sharing such 
person’s house or household, or certain other of such person’s relatives (including foster 
children), whether directly or indirectly, (a) the ownership of, certain other rights, such as 
usufruct, over, or rights to acquire (whether or not already issued), shares representing five 
per cent. or more of the total issued and outstanding capital (or the issued and outstanding 
capital of any class of shares) of a company; (b) the ownership of, or certain other rights, such 
as usufruct, over profit participating certificates (“winstbewijzen”), or membership rights in 
a co-operative association, that relate to five per cent. or more of the annual profit of a 
company or co-operative association or to five per cent. or more of the liquidation proceeds 
of a company or co-operative association; or (c) membership rights representing five per cent. 
or more of the voting rights in a co-operative association’s general meeting; 
(iv) 
if such holder is a company, such holder does not have a substantial interest in the Issuer or 
if such holder does have such a substantial interest, such substantial interest (a) is not held 
with the avoidance of Netherlands income tax as (one of) the main purpose(s); or (b) does not 
form part of an artificial structure or series of structures (such as structures which are not put 
into place for valid business reasons reflecting economic reality). For purpose of this clause 
(iv), a substantial interest is generally not present if a holder does not hold, whether directly 
or indirectly, (a) the ownership of, certain other rights, such as usufruct, over, or rights to 
acquire (whether or not already issued) shares representing five per cent. or more of the total 
issued and outstanding capital (or of the issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares) 
of a company; or (b) the ownership of, or certain other rights, such as usufruct, over profit 
participating certificates (“winstbewijzen”) that relate to five per cent. or more of the annual 
profit of a company or to five per cent. or more of the liquidation proceeds of a company; and 
(v) 
if such holder is an individual, such income or capital gain does not form a “benefit from 
miscellaneous activities” in the Netherlands (“resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden”) which, 
for instance, would be the case if the activities in the Netherlands with respect to Notes exceed 
“normal active asset management” (“normaal, actief vermogensbeheer”). 
A holder of Notes will not be subject to taxation in the Netherlands by reason only of the execution, 
delivery and/or enforcement of the documents relating to an issue of Notes. 
Gift, Estate and Inheritance Taxes 
No gift, estate or inheritance taxes will arise in the Netherlands with respect to an acquisition of Notes by 
way of a gift by, or on the death of, a holder of Notes who is neither resident nor deemed to be resident in 
the Netherlands for Netherlands gift, estate or inheritance tax purposes, unless in the case of a gift of Notes 
by an individual who at the date of the gift was neither resident nor deemed to be resident in the 
Netherlands, such individual dies within 180 days after the date of the gift, while being resident or deemed 
to be resident in the Netherlands. 
For gift, estate and inheritance tax purposes, (i) a gift by a third party such as a trustee, foundation or 
similar entity or arrangement, will be construed as a gift by the Settlor, and (ii) upon the death of the 
Settlor, as a rule, his/her Beneficiaries, will be deemed to have inherited directly from the Settlor. 
Subsequently, the Beneficiaries will be deemed the Settlor of the Separated Private Assets for purposes of 
the Netherlands gift, estate and inheritance tax in case of subsequent gifts or inheritances.

--- Page 114 ---
111 
Turnover Tax 
No Netherlands turnover tax will arise in respect of any payment in consideration for the issue of Notes, 
with respect to any cash settlements of Notes or with respect to the delivery of the Notes. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
No Netherlands registration tax, capital tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty or any other similar 
documentary tax or duty, other than court fees, will be payable in the Netherlands in respect of or in 
connection with the execution, delivery and/or enforcement by legal proceedings (including the 
enforcement of any foreign judgment in the Courts of the Netherlands) of the documents relating to the 
issue of Notes or the performance by the Issuer of its obligations thereunder.

--- Page 115 ---
112 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign 
passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. 
A number of jurisdictions (including the Netherlands) have entered into intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies 
in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments 
such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after 
the date on which final regulations are published in the U.S. Federal Register. Moreover, Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. 
federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final 
regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would 
be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. 
However, if additional notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues”) 
that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 116 ---
113 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) 
for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member 
State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a 
participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued 
in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It has 
been clarified that should an informal agreement among the participating Member States be reached, it 
would only be a preliminary step in the legislative process. If, at some point, a draft text of the Directive 
for a common FTT is tabled by the participating Member States, any decision in the Council should be 
preceded by an inclusive and substantial debate among all Member States. The Commission’s Proposal 
may therefore be altered prior to any implementations, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional 
EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 117 ---
114 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have entered in a dealer agreement dated 29 May 2024 (the “Dealer Agreement”), agreed 
with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. 
Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under Form of the Notes and Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes above. In the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of 
their expenses in connection with the update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection 
herewith. The Dealer Agreement provides that the obligation of any Dealer to subscribe for Notes under 
any such agreement is subject to certain conditions and that, in certain circumstances, a Dealer shall be 
entitled to be released and discharged from its obligations under any such agreement prior to the issue of 
the relevant Notes. 
In order to facilitate the offering of any Tranche of the Notes, certain persons participating in the offering 
of the Tranche may engage in transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the relevant Notes 
during and after the offering of the Tranche at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
Specifically such persons may over-allot or create a short position in the Notes for their own account by 
selling more Notes than have been sold to them by the Issuer. Such persons may also elect to cover any 
such short position by purchasing Notes in the open market. In addition, such persons may support the 
price of the Notes by bidding for or purchasing Notes in the open market and may impose penalty bids, 
under which selling concessions allowed to syndicate members or other broker-dealers participating in the 
offering of the Notes are reclaimed if Notes previously distributed in the offering are repurchased in 
connection with stabilisation transactions or otherwise. The effect of these transactions may be to support 
the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail in the open market. 
The imposition of a penalty bid may also affect the price of the Notes to the extent that it discourages 
resales thereof. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any U.S. state securities 
laws and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons unless the Notes are registered under the Securities Act or one or more exemptions from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities 
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder. 
In connection with any Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S 
(“Regulation S Notes”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver such Regulation 
S Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of 
the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Regulation S Notes are a part, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which 
it sells any Regulation S Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Regulation S Notes within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale 
of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may

--- Page 118 ---
115 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. In respect of Bearer 
Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the TEFRA D Rules, each Dealer (i) has represented 
and agreed, and each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and has agreed that during a 40-day restricted 
period it will not offer or sell, Notes in bearer form to a person who is within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) has represented that it has 
not delivered and agreed that it will not deliver within the United States or its possessions 
definitive Notes in bearer form that are sold during the restricted period; 
(ii) 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has represented and agreed that throughout 
the restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure that 
its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes in bearer form are aware 
that such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted 
by the TEFRA D Rules; 
(iii) 
if it is a United States person, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it is acquiring 
Notes in bearer form for purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and 
if it retains Notes in bearer form for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with 
the TEFRA D Rules (including the requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. Section l.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6)); 
(iv) 
it will provide the Issuer with the documentation specified (at the time specified) in U.S. 
Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(3); and 
(v) 
with respect to each affiliate of such Dealer that acquires Notes in bearer form from such 
Dealer for the purpose of offering or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such 
Dealer has repeated and confirmed the representations and agreements contained in 
subparagraphs (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) on such affiliate’s behalf. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether the TEFRA C Rules are applicable. In respect of Bearer 
Notes where the TEFRA C Rules are specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Bearer Notes must be 
issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection with their original 
issuance. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or 
deliver, directly or indirectly, such Bearer Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection 
with their original issuance. Further, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, in connection with the original issuance of 
such Bearer Notes that it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a 
prospective purchaser if such purchaser is within the United States or its possessions and will not otherwise 
involve its U.S. office in the offer or sale of such Bearer Notes. Further, the Issuer will comply with the 
documentary requirements described in U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C)(4). 
Terms used in the preceding two paragraphs have the meanings given to them by the Code and Treasury 
regulations promulgated thereunder, including the TEFRA C Rules and the TEFRA D Rules, as may be 
relevant.

--- Page 119 ---
116 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable,” each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable,” in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) per Member State, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes; and 
• 
the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable,” each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available

--- Page 120 ---
117 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable,” each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not 
make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make 
an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; 
(iii) 
at any time if the denomination per Note being offered amounts to at least €100,000 (or 
equivalent); or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication 
in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to 
be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
• 
the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Financial Promotion 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 121 ---
118 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
The Netherlands 
Bearer Zero Coupon Notes and other Notes which qualify as savings certificates as defined in the Dutch 
Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) may only be transferred or accepted through the 
mediation of either the Issuer or a Member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. with due observance of the Dutch 
Savings Certificates Act and its implementing regulations (including identification and registration 
requirements), provided that no mediation is required in respect of (i) the initial issue of those Notes to the 
first holders thereof, (ii) any transfer and acceptance by individuals who do not act in the conduct of a 
profession or trade, and (iii) the issue and trading of those Notes, if they are physically issued outside the 
Netherlands and are not distributed in the Netherlands in the course of primary trading or immediately 
thereafter. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(i) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes (except for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) (the “Securities and Futures Ordinance”) other than (i) to 
“professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made 
under the Securities and Futures Ordinance or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in 
the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous 
Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not constitute 
an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(ii) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are 
likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the 
securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be 
disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in 
the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance. 
The People’s Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer or 
sell any of the Notes in the People’s Republic of China (excluding the Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) 
as part of the initial distribution of the Notes.

--- Page 122 ---
119 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other 
than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or 
(ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not 
offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as 
defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Control Act (Act 
No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations 
and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as “Not 
Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not 
be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of 
the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it 
has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, 
the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information 
circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian 
Consumer. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed that, save as set out below, it has not offered or sold, and will not 
offer or sell, any Notes in the Republic of Italy in a solicitation to the public and that sales of the Notes in 
the Republic of Italy shall be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control 
and other applicable laws and regulation. Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that 
it will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes or distribute copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to “qualified investors” (investitori qualificati), as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, as 
amended; or 
(ii) 
to the extent that it may offer, sell or deliver Notes or distribute copies of any prospectus relating 
to such Notes in an offer to the public in the period commencing on the date of publication of such 
prospectus, provided that such prospectus has been approved in another Relevant Member State 
and notified to CONSOB, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, Legislative Decree

--- Page 123 ---
120 
No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the “Decree No. 58”) and CONSOB Regulation No. 
11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended (“Regulation No. 11971”), and ending on the date which is 
12 months after the date of approval of such prospectus; or 
(iii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to the 
Prospectus Regulation, Decree No. 58 or Regulation No. 11971. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993 as amended (the “Banking Act”), Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation 
No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended and any other applicable laws and 
regulations; and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable), 
pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may 
request information on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 2015 (as amended on 
10 August 2016 and 2 November 2020) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market in the Republic of Italy 
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Notes in the Republic of Italy, the 
Prospectus Regulation and Decree No. 58 may require compliance with the law relating to public offers 
of securities. Furthermore, Article 100-bis of Decree No. 58 provides that where the Notes are placed 
solely with “qualified investors” and are then systematically resold on the secondary market at any time 
in the 12 months following such placing, purchasers of Notes who are acting outside of the course of their 
business or profession may in certain circumstances be entitled to declare such purchase void and, in 
addition, to claim damages from any authorized person at whose premises the Notes were purchased, 
unless an exemption provided for under the Prospectus Regulation or Decree No. 58 applies. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers or sells Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction 
to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer 
nor any Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with any additional restrictions 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and set out in the Syndication Agreement, dealer 
accession letter or dealer confirmation.

--- Page 124 ---
121 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit 
Financiële Markten, the “AFM”), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The AFM only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus or of the quality of the securities that 
are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months 
from 29 May 2024. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new 
factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that period. 
Listing and admission to trading 
Application may be made to Euronext for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on 
Euronext Amsterdam. It is expected that each Tranche of the Notes which is to be admitted to listing on 
Euronext Amsterdam will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of a 
temporary or permanent Global Note (or one or more Certificates) in respect of each Tranche. Prior to 
official listing and admission to trading, however, dealings may be permitted by Euronext in accordance 
with its rules. Transactions will normally be effected for delivery on the second working day after the day 
of the transaction. However, unlisted Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection from the Company’s website (for the Articles of 
Association and the English translation thereof: https://investors.universalmusic.com/governance; for the 
annual reports and annual financial statements: https://investors.universalmusic.com/reports; for this Base 
Prospectus or further prospectuses: https://investors.universalmusic.com/): 
(i) 
the most recent Articles of Association of the Issuer and an English translation thereof; 
(ii) 
the UMG Annual Report 2022 (containing the audited financial statements of the Issuer) together 
with the independent auditors’ report prepared in connection therewith; and the UMG Annual 
Report 2023 (containing the audited financial statements of the Issuer, which include the 
consolidated financial statements), together with the independent auditor’s report prepared in 
connection therewith; 
(iii) 
the most recently available published interim financial statements of the Issuer (if any); 
(iv) 
each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on 
a regulated market within the European Economic Area or the UK nor offered in the European 
Economic Area or the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under 
the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation, as applicable, will only be available 
for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity); 
(v) 
the Agency Agreement (which contains the forms of the global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, 
the Coupons and the Talons); 
(vi) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
prospectus; and

--- Page 125 ---
122 
(vii) 
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any expert 
any part of which is extracted or referred to in any supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Clearing and Settlement Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
Nederland. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear Nederland, and any other relevant security code, will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system 
the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, 
Belgium. The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of Euroclear Nederland is Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal 
Effectenverkeer B.V., Herengracht 459-469, 1017 BS Amsterdam, the Netherlands. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions, and will be disclosed 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Yield 
The yield for any particular Series of Notes will be calculated on the basis of the average annual rate of 
return if the relevant Notes were to be purchased at the Issue Price on the Issue Date and held to maturity. 
The yield specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of a Series of Notes will not be an indication 
of future yield. 
Statement of significant or material change 
(1) There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Issuer or the Group since 31 
March 2024 up to the date of this Base Prospectus; (2) there has been no significant change in the financial 
position of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2023 up to the date of this Base Prospectus; and (3) 
there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 
2023 up to the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Material Contracts 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer's business, which 
could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to UMG’s 
ability to meet its obligations to noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023 (the 
“2023 Consolidated Financial Statements”), prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU, with IFRS as issued 
by the IASB, and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code, have been audited by Ernst & Young 
Accountants LLP (“EY”), independent auditors. 
The financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the “2022 
Financial Statements”), prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU, with IFRS as issued by the IASB, and 
with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code, have been jointly audited by EY and Deloitte 
Accountants B.V. (“Deloitte”).

--- Page 126 ---
123 
 
The 2022 Financial Statements were jointly audited by EY, with its address at Antonio Vivaldistraat 
150, 1083 HP Amsterdam, The Netherlands, and Deloitte, with its address at Gustav Mahlerlaan 
2970, 1081 LA Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The auditor signing the independent auditor’s reports 
on behalf of EY and Deloitte for the 2022 Financial Statements, and on behalf of EY for the 2023 
Consolidated Financial Statements, are members of the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered 
Accountants (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). 
 
Post-issuance information 
Save as set out in the Final Terms, the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information 
in relation to any issues of Notes. 
Trade Register 
The Company is registered with the trade register of the Chamber of Commerce of the Netherlands 
(Kamer van Koophandel) under number 81106661. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI) 
The Company’s LEI is 724500GJBUL3D9TW9Y18. 
Issuer’s Website 
Unless incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the contents of the Company’s website 
(www.universalmusic.com) or of websites accessible from hyperlinks on that website do not form part 
of this Base Prospectus and may not be relied upon in connection with any decision to invest in any 
Notes. Other than the information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the contents of 
the Company’s website (www.universalmusic.com) or of websites accessible from hyperlinks on that 
website have not been scrutinized or approved by the AFM. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage in lending, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may 
have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the 
Issuer, the group and their affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, 
their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments 
of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or 
the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. For the purposes of this paragraph the term “affiliates” includes also parent companies. In

--- Page 127 ---
124 
relation to the issue and subscription of any Tranche of Notes, fees and/or commissions may be payable 
to the relevant Dealer(s). 
Credit Ratings 
Moody’s assigned to the Issuer a Baa1 long term credit rating with stable outlook. S&P assigned to the 
Issuer a BBB long term credit rating with stable outlook. Moody’s has assigned to the Programme a 
Baa1 credit rating. 
Obligations rated “Baa” by Moody’s are subject to moderate credit risk. They are considered medium 
grade and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics. Moody’s appends numerical 
modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates 
that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-
range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category 
(Source: https://www.moodys.com/sites/products/productattachments/ap075378_1_1408_ki.pdf). 
An obligor rated “BBB” by S&P has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments, but is more 
subject to adverse economic conditions (Source: https://www.spglobal.com/ratings/en/about/intro-to-
credit-ratings). 
The long term ratings by S&P may be modified by the addition of a plus (“+”) or minus (“-”) sign to 
show relative standing within the major rating categories. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization. 
Listing Agent 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. (“ABN AMRO”).

--- Page 128 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Universal Music Group N.V. 
‘s-Gravelandseweg 80 
1217 EW Hilversum 
The Netherlands 
 
Arranger 
BNP PARIBAS 
Paribas 
16, boulevard des 
Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
Paribas 
16, boulevard des 
Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Edificio Encinar 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660 Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Franfurt am Main 
Germany 
Crédit Agricole  
Corporate and 
Investment Banking 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe 
SE 
Marienturm, 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & 
Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni, 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
Mediobanca – Banca di 
Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milano 
Italy 
Mizuho Securities Europe 
GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Morgan Stanley 
Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
MUFG Securities 
(Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, 
Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
Société Générale 
 29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France

--- Page 129 ---
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
6th Floor, Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
LISTING AGENT 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe PLC 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to U.S. law 
To the Issuer as to Dutch law 
Kirkland & Ellis International LLP 
30 St Mary Axe  
London EC3A 8AF 
United Kingdom 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP 
Strawinskylaan 10 
1077 XZ Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
To the Arranger and Dealers as to Dutch law 
Linklaters LLP 
World Trade Centre Amsterdam 
Zuidplein 180 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP 
Antonio Vivaldistraat 150 
1083 HP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands