--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS
UPM-Kymmene Corporation
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Finland)
EUR 3,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
_________________________________
This base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as a competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of UPM-Kymmene Corporation (the “Issuer”) nor as an endorsement of the quality of the 
notes (the “Notes”) issued under this EUR 3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) that are the subject 
of the Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates 
only to Notes issued under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin 
(as defined below) for Notes issued under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof to be admitted to the official list 
(the “Official List”) and to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext 
Dublin”). The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in 
financial instruments (as amended, “EU MiFID II”).
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or 
further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer.
Any website referred to in this document does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
Central Bank.
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer is rated Baa1 by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s”) and BBB by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (“S&P”). Moody’s and S&P are established in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, (the “EU CRA Regulation”). Moody’s and S&P appear on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of 4 January 2021) on the ESMA website https://www.esma.europa.eu. The ratings Moody’s and S&P have given to the 
Issuer are endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited respectively, each of which is established 
in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”).
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of 
the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under “Risk Factors” below.
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) 
or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to 
U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”)) except in 
certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
Arranger
Citigroup
Dealers
Citigroup
BNP PARIBAS
J.P. Morgan
Nordea
The date of this Base Prospectus is 5 March 2021

--- Page 2 ---
(i)
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Important Notices....................................................................................................................................................................1
Forward-looking Statements...................................................................................................................................................5
Overview.................................................................................................................................................................................6
Risk Factors ..........................................................................................................................................................................10
Information Incorporated by Reference................................................................................................................................24
Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses............................................................................................................................25
Form of the Notes .................................................................................................................................................................26
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ......................................................................................................................................31
Form of Final Terms .............................................................................................................................................................57
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form .................................................................................67
Use of Proceeds.....................................................................................................................................................................69
Green Finance Framework....................................................................................................................................................70
Description of the Issuer .......................................................................................................................................................73
Board of Directors and Group Executive Management........................................................................................................82
Taxation ................................................................................................................................................................................88
Subscription and Sale............................................................................................................................................................89
Transfer Restrictions.............................................................................................................................................................93
General Information..............................................................................................................................................................94

--- Page 3 ---
1
IMPORTANT NOTICES
Responsibility for This Base Prospectus
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and declares 
that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, in accordance with the facts and the 
Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.
Alternative Performance Measures
The Issuer presents certain performance measures of historical financial performance, financial position and cash flows, 
which, in accordance with guidance by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on alternative 
performance measures, are not accounting measures defined or specified in the International Financial Reporting Standards 
(“IFRS”) and are therefore considered alternative performance measures. In the Issuer’s view, the alternative performance 
measures provide meaningful supplemental information to management, investors and others. The Issuer presents 
comparable performance measures to reflect underlying business performance and to enhance comparability from period 
to period. The alternative performance measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of 
performance in accordance with IFRS. Further, companies do not calculate alternative performance measures in a uniform 
manner and, therefore, the alternative performance measures presented by the Issuer may not be comparable to similarly 
titled measures used by other companies. 
Final Terms / Drawdown Prospectus
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes” (the “Conditions”) as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the “Final Terms”) or 
in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the “Drawdown Prospectus”) as described under “Final Terms and 
Drawdown Prospectuses” below. 
Other Relevant Information
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any information 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, must be read 
and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms 
shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under “Subscription and Sale” below that this Base Prospectus contains all 
information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) material; that such 
information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, 
predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that 
this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or 
intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; 
and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing.
Unauthorised Information
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent 
with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by 
the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation 
should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer.
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and 
none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other 
person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes. In particular, none of the 
Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as green 
bonds (“Green Bonds”) or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor 
expectations or requirements regarding such “green”, “sustainable”, “social” or similar labels. None of the Dealers is 
responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of 
proceeds. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or 
certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor is any such 
opinion or certification a recommendation by any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event any such Notes 
are, or are intended to be, listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated “green”, “sustainable”, “social” or other equivalently-

--- Page 4 ---
2
labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such 
listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any 
circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been 
no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading 
position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.
Restrictions on Distribution
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are 
required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description 
of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see “Subscription and Sale” and “Transfer Restrictions”. 
In particular, the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as 
amended) (the “Securities Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States, and Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The 
Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
NEITHER THE PROGRAMME NOR THE NOTES HAVE BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE 
U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE “SEC”), ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION 
IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAS ANY OF THE 
FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF ANY OFFERING OF 
NOTES OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO 
THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES.
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) 
of the Issuer.
Product Governance under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “EU MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for 
any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled “EU MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “EU MiFID II”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Product Governance under UK MiFIR
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product governance 
rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK 
MIFIR Product Governance Rules.
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering,

--- Page 5 ---
3
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in 
respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “EU MiFID II”); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in 
respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
Benchmark Regulation
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such 
reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the “Benchmark 
Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not 
the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmark Regulation. 
Transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark 
is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration 
status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator.
Product Classification Pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product 
Classification” which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the Securities and 
Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”). The Issuer will make a 
determination and provide the appropriate written notification to “relevant persons” in relation to each issue about the 
classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding under the Programme will not exceed EUR 3,000,000,000 
and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into euro at the date of the agreement 
to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement). The maximum aggregate 
principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under “Subscription and Sale”.
Certain Definitions
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a “Member State” are references to a Member State of 
the European Economic Area, references to “EUR” or “euro” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage 
of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 
3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended.

--- Page 6 ---
4
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown for 
the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be 
an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.
Stabilisation
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over 
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin 
on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes 
is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) 
acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 7 ---
5
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. The words “anticipate”, “believe”, “expect”, “plan”, 
“intend”, “targets”, “aims”, “estimate”, “project”, “will”, “would”, “may”, “could”, “continue” and similar expressions are 
intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Base 
Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the financial position, business strategy, management plans and 
objectives for future operations of the Issuer are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve 
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the Issuer’s actual results, performance or 
achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking 
statements. These forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding our present and future 
business strategies and the environment in which we expect to operate in the future. Important factors that could cause our 
actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, 
among other factors described in this Base Prospectus:

changes in economic and political operating environment in the markets and regions in which UPM operates;

changes in the consumer behaviour and competitive environment;

changes in legislation and failure to comply with regulations applicable to UPM’s business; 

fluctuations in the prices of major inputs as well as changes in their availability; 

fluctuations in the foreign exchange and interest rates; and

UPM’s ability to obtain financing.
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, but are not 
limited to, those discussed under “Risk Factors”. Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Issuer speak 
only as at the date they are made. The Issuer does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect any changes 
in their expectations with regard thereto or any changes in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement 
is based.

--- Page 8 ---
6
OVERVIEW
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the 
applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than 
that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of listed Notes only and if appropriate, a 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus, or Drawdown Prospectus, will be published.
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
have the same meanings in this overview.
The Issuer:
UPM-Kymmene Corporation
Arranger:
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
Dealers:
BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited, J.P. Morgan AG, Nordea Bank Abp and any other Dealers appointed in 
accordance with the Dealer Agreement.
Fiscal Agent:
Citibank, N.A., London Branch
Description:
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Certain Restrictions:
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular laws, 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be 
issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”) including the following restrictions applicable at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.
Notes having a maturity of less than one year
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) unless they are issued to 
a limited class of professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
GBP 100,000 or its equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale”.
Programme Size: 
Up to EUR 3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Dealer Agreement) outstanding at any time. The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer 
Agreement.
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more Tranches 
issued on the same or different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will all be 
subject to identical terms, except that the issue date, issue price, principal amount 
issued and the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in respect 
of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will also be subject to identical 
terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different 
denominations.
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in each case 
on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions.
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency.
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium 
over, par, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 9 ---
7
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) may accrue 
at a fixed rate or a floating rate or a combination thereof and the method of 
calculating interest may vary between the issue date and the maturity date of the 
relevant Series.
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined:
(a)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., including, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the ISDA Benchmark Supplement; 
or
(b)
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page of a 
commercial quotation service.
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes.
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate or both.
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed prior 
to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such Interest 
Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount 
and will not bear interest.
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons or following 
an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, 
as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at 
a price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer.
Notes having a maturity of less than one year are subject to restrictions on their 
denomination and distribution, see “Subscription and Sale—Selling Restrictions 
Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws”.
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
will be such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the relevant Specified Currency, see “Subscription and Sale—Selling Restrictions 
Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws”, and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the European Economic Area or in the United 
Kingdom in circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a 
prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation 
(as defined below), as applicable, will be EUR 100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency).

--- Page 10 ---
8
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for or on 
account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction as provided in 
Condition 13 (Taxation). In the event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer 
will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 13 (Taxation), be 
required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted.
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as further described 
in Condition 5 (Negative pledge).
Payment 
Cross 
Default 
/ 
Acceleration: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross-default and cross-acceleration provision 
as further described in Condition 13 (Events of Default).
Listing and Admission to Trading:
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under the 
Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus 
to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market of 
Euronext Dublin.
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further 
stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in 
relation to the Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued.
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be 
listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or 
markets.
United States Selling Restrictions:
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C, TEFRA D or TEFRA not applicable, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Status:
The Notes constitute senior, unsubordinated, unconditional and (subject to 
Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer. 
Form:
Notes may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in registered form 
(“Registered Notes”). Bearer Notes will not be exchangeable for Registered Notes 
and Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes. No single Series 
or Tranche may comprise both Bearer Notes and Registered Notes.
Rating:
The Issuer is rated Baa1 by Moody’s and BBB by S&P.
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation.
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.
The Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.
Governing Law:
The Notes, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Subscription 
Agreement will be governed by English law.
Clearing Systems:
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg
Selling Restrictions:
See “Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 11 ---
9
Risk Factors:
Investing in the Notes involves risks. See “Risk Factors”.
Financial Information:
See “Information Incorporated by Reference”.
Use of Proceeds:
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the general corporate 
purposes of the Issuer, or in respect of any Notes which are issued as Green Bonds 
in accordance with the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework to finance Eligible 
Projects and Assets. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.
Validity 
of 
Prospectus 
and 
Prospectus Supplements
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 12 ---
10
RISK FACTORS
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in Notes issued under the Programme, 
prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business of the 
Issuer and the industry in which it operates together with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, 
in particular the risk factors described below. Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section.
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an investment in 
any Notes and should be used as guidance only. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer that are not 
currently known to the Issuer, or that it currently deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have a material 
adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and, if any such risk 
should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment.
The risk factors presented herein have been divided into four categories based on their nature. These categories are: 
●
strategic risks;
●
operational risks;
●
financial risks; and
●
risks relating to the Notes.
Within each category, the risk factor estimated to be the most material on the basis of an overall evaluation of the criteria 
set out in the EU Prospectus Regulation is presented first. However, the order in which the risk factors are presented after 
the first risk factor in each category is not intended to reflect either the relative probability or the potential effect of their 
materialisation. The order of the categories does not represent any evaluation of the materiality of the risk factors within 
that category, when compared to risk factors in another category.
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including any 
document incorporated by reference herein, and reach their own views, based upon their own judgement and upon advice 
from such financial, legal and tax advisers as they have deemed necessary, prior to making any investment decision.
Investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes issued under the Programme is suitable for them 
in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances.
Strategic Risks
An uncertain economic and political operating environment could have an effect on the markets and regions in which 
UPM operates.
The main short-term uncertainties in UPM’s earnings relate to sales prices and delivery volumes of its products, as well as 
to changes in the main input cost items and currency exchange rates, most of which, are affected by uncertainty in the 
global, regional or local economic and political conditions. Political developments are causing uncertainties to the global 
economy and increase the risks relating to the global operating environment in which UPM operates. Such uncertainties 
also affect UPM’s customers influencing the demand for UPM’s products. Examples of such developments are the trade 
tensions between the United States, the European Union (the “EU”) and China, the policies of the U.S. presidential 
administration, the nature of the relationship between the EU and the United Kingdom after its exit from the EU as well as 
increased geopolitical tensions. Furthermore, UPM is exposed to the impacts of certain governmental protection and trade 
protection measures that safeguard domestic industries and other changes affecting international trade, such as restrictions 
on import and export and other national interests that may affect the availability of necessary raw materials, and changes 
in the international trade agreements. 
UPM is especially exposed to the economic and political conditions in countries in which UPM has significant production 
operations and ongoing investment projects, such as Finland, Uruguay and Germany. UPM also has significant production 
operations in a number of developing markets, such as China and Russia, where the lack of transparency and predictability 
of the political, economic and legal systems may lead to an increasing uncertainty and risk level when investing in or 
operating in them. These uncertainties may materialise as unfavourable taxation treatment, trade restrictions, inflation, 
currency fluctuations and nationalisation of assets. Although UPM sees significant value creation potential in developing 
markets, there are uncertainties regarding their growth outlook. In particular, China accounted for 11 per cent. of UPM’s 
sales for the year ended 31 December 2020, and, therefore, any uncertainty or adverse changes related to trade tariffs and 
other possible protectionist policies due to the trade tensions between the United States and China could materially affect 
UPM’s overall sales profitability.

--- Page 13 ---
11
Furthermore, economic conditions may be affected by various additional events that are beyond UPM’s control, such as 
natural disasters and epidemics (e.g., the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (“COVID-19”)). As COVID-19 has 
developed into a global pandemic, the pandemic itself, the related containment measures and the economic downturn or 
global power struggles continue to cause high uncertainty to global trade, geopolitics or trajectories of economies. For 
example, the COVID-19-related lockdowns had a material adverse effect on graphic paper demand, which was partly offset 
by the strong demand for self-adhesive labelling materials and specialty papers. Should restrictions imposed due to 
COVID-19 continue for extended periods of time or should they be broadened further in areas in which UPM operates, or 
even in areas in which UPM does not operate, they may cause further disruption to UPM, its employees, production 
facilities, constructions sites, markets, suppliers and customers, any of which could have a material adverse effect on 
UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations. The spread of COVID-19 has also led UPM to modify certain 
of its operational practices, and it may take further actions required by authorities or that it determines are in the best 
interests of its employees, customers and other stakeholders. However, the future development of the COVID-19 situation 
remains highly uncertain and depends on the spread of the virus and the response of the local authorities and the global 
community. The global COVID-19 pandemic may further amplify the uncertainties UPM faces. Increased uncertainties 
may relate, for example, to the economic, political or legal development in the countries or regions UPM’s customers or 
UPM operates in, the cyclicality of the industries UPM operates in, the actions, preferences or behaviour of UPM’s 
competitors, customers, suppliers, employees or other stakeholders, raw material or financial markets, enforcement 
activities, cybercrime activity, and availability of key resources or skills. For example, digitalisation and unbalanced 
economic development may accelerate inequalities in societies, and a widening digital gap and unbalanced economic 
development can worsen societal fractures and economic recovery from the pandemic. The amplified effect of the 
COVID-19-related uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of 
operations. 
Any economic downturn or slowing in economic growth, due to COVID-19 or otherwise, could have a material adverse 
effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
The markets in which UPM operates are cyclical and highly competitive.
The markets in which UPM operates, particularly the pulp, paper, label, plywood, timber, energy and biofuels markets, are 
cyclical and highly competitive. In all these markets, the price level is determined by a combination of demand and supply 
and an imbalance between them could cause the prices of UPM’s products to fluctuate significantly. For example, demand 
for pulp was strong in 2018 and pulp prices increased to record levels. In 2019, global demand growth for chemical pulp 
continued, although uncertainties in the global economy and above-average producer inventory levels impacted global 
market pulp shipments during the year. In 2020, global demand growth for chemical pulp still continued and market pulp 
shipments improved as compared to 2019. Pulp prices decreased significantly from 2019 and were low relative to marginal 
producers’ cash cost levels. However, pulp prices started to improve towards end of the year 2020. Generally, market 
demand for UPM’s products was both negatively and positively affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, the related 
containment measures and the economic recession in 2020. For example, in Europe, demand for graphic papers was 
18 per cent. lower than in 2019, and prices decreased for all paper grades. On the other hand, growth of global demand for 
self-adhesive label materials was strong in the first half of the 2020, especially in consumer goods and e-commerce-driven 
labelling due to COVID-19-related lockdowns and changes in consumer behaviour. The demand normalised somewhat in 
the second half of the year, but turned to growth again partly due to the second wave of the pandemic towards the end of 
the year. Imbalances in demand and supply may be caused by factors such as decreases or increases in the end-use demand, 
changes in customer preferences or a new production capacity entering the market or an old production capacity being 
closed, all of which may affect both the volume and price level of UPM’s products. 
Competitor behaviour may also influence the market price development. UPM may, from time to time, experience price 
pressures from competitors in its main business areas and geographic market areas as well as particularly large fluctuations 
in operating margins due to this competitive environment. The uncertainty of these fluctuations may be amplified by the 
outbreak of COVID-19 resulting in unanticipated changes in supply chains and competition. The majority of UPM’s 
revenue comes from sales of graphic and specialty papers, pulp and self-adhesive label materials, and UPM principally 
competes with several large multinational paper and forest product companies as well as with numerous regional or more 
specialised competitors. Decreases in demand or unfavourable price levels for UPM’s products could have a material 
adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
Changes in consumer behaviour could have an adverse effect on the demand for UPM’s products.
Changes in consumer behaviour may affect the demand for UPM’s products. UPM’s operations, for example, may be 
affected by the introduction of substitute or alternative products. The demand for graphic papers in the mature markets is 
forecast to continue to decline, due to the shift away from print media to digital media through, for example, the decrease 
of mailed advertising and increased use of digital communication and collaboration tools and devices. This will likely 
increase the pressure on UPM’s graphic paper deliveries and sales prices as well as the scarcity of recycled fibre. The 
COVID-19 pandemic may amplify the speed of changes adopted by consumers in consuming and communicating

--- Page 14 ---
12
information. Changes in demand could also cause overcapacity in some of UPM’s products, affecting the sales prices and 
deliveries of such products.
Depending on the product area, the shifts in consumer demand may either have a positive or an adverse effect on the 
consumption of UPM’s products and it may also impose further requirements on UPM’s products. For example, UPM 
expects that there will continue to be a growing need for renewable and recyclable solutions, which creates various 
opportunities for UPM and drive demand growth for most of UPM’s products, but at the same time digitalisation and e-
commerce have changed consumer behaviour and resulted in decline in demand for graphic papers for various end uses. 
UPM’s ability to meet such shifts in demand will depend upon its ability to foresee and identify changes in consumer 
behaviour as well as respond to changes by developing existing products and producing new products on a competitive and 
profitable basis. There can be no assurance that UPM will be able to adjust and meet the changes in consumer behaviour 
in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
Changes in legislation may adversely affect UPM’s business and UPM’s competitiveness.
UPM is exposed to a wide range of laws and regulations globally. The performance of UPM’s businesses, for example the 
paper businesses, the energy business and the biofuels business, are to a high degree dependent on the regulatory framework 
for these areas, and changes in regulation, direct and indirect taxation or subsidies, aid, grants or allowances could have a 
direct effect on UPM’s performance and its relative competitiveness, and structurally restrict or exacerbate UPM’s ability 
to compete for raw material. For more information on the effects of changes in taxation to UPM, see “—Financial Risks—
UPM’s tax burden could increase due to changes in tax laws or regulations or their application or interpretation, or as a 
result of tax audits” below.
UPM also operates in industries that are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations governing, among others, 
emissions, water quality, energy efficiency, as well as waste handling, recycling and disposal. Environmental laws and 
regulations have become more stringent over time and may continue to develop to be even more stringent due to various 
global, regional and national level regulatory initiatives. As these environmental laws and regulations are amended or as 
their application or enforcement is changed, additional costs in complying with new and more stringent regulations may 
be imposed on UPM. Further, UPM’s operations require UPM to obtain multiple environmental permits and other licences 
from relevant authorities and comply with their terms and conditions. These permits and licences may be subject to 
modification, renewal or, subject to certain conditions, revocation by the issuing authorities. Procedures for obtaining these 
permits can be long and complex and there can be no assurance that the requested permit will be granted or renewed. 
Violations of applicable environmental laws and regulations could result in civil and criminal penalties, revocation of 
permits and licences, third party claims or any combination thereof. UPM may become subject to liabilities that could be 
substantial for, among other things, non-compliance with environmental as well as health and safety regulations and 
standards.
UPM monitors regulatory changes in order to better adapt to the effects of such changes. However, there can be no 
assurance that UPM will be able to maintain its competitive position if legislative changes affecting its operations occur. 
In addition, any failure by UPM to comply with applicable laws, regulations, permits and licences could harm UPM’s 
reputation and result in fines and damages as well as loss of business. For more information on risks related to the 
compliance of applicable laws and regulations, see “—Operational Risks—UPM’s operations are subject to risks related 
to litigation and compliance that could result in sanctions and fines and have an adverse effect on UPM’s reputation” 
below. Changes in legislation may adversely affect UPM’s business and UPM’s competitiveness, which could have a 
material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
UPM faces various risks through its shareholdings.
UPM is a shareholder of Pohjolan Voima Oyj (“PVO”), which is the majority shareholder of Teollisuuden Voima Oyj 
(“TVO”). TVO is in the process of constructing a third nuclear power plant unit, OL3 EPR, at the Olkiluoto site (“OL3”). 
When completed, OL3 will supply electricity to its shareholders on a cost-price principle (so called ‘Mankala-principle’) 
that is widely applied in the Finnish energy industry. Under the Mankala principle, electricity and/or heat is supplied to the 
shareholders in proportion to their ownership and each shareholder is, pursuant to the specific stipulations of the respective 
Articles of Association, severally responsible for its respective share of the production costs of the energy company 
concerned. When completed, OL3 is expected to increase UPM’s electricity generation capacity significantly. UPM’s 
indirect share of OL3 is approximately 31 per cent. (through PVO).
According to TVO, OL3 was procured as a fixed price turnkey project from a consortium formed by Areva GmbH, Areva 
NP SAS and Siemens AG (together, the “Supplier”). As stipulated in the plant contract, the consortium companies have 
joint and several liability for the contractual obligations. Originally, the commercial electricity production of the OL3 was 
scheduled to start in April 2009, however, the completion of the project has been significantly delayed on multiple 
occasions. In March 2018, TVO announced that it had signed a comprehensive settlement agreement with the Supplier and 
the Areva Group parent company, Areva SA (“Areva”), a company wholly owned by the French state. The global 
settlement agreement concerns the completion of the OL3 project and related disputes and entered into force in late March

--- Page 15 ---
13
2018. According to TVO, pursuant to the global settlement agreement, TVO and the Supplier jointly withdrew the pending 
arbitration proceedings under the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) rules with respect to costs and losses incurred 
in relation to delays in the construction of the OL3 project. In July 2018, TVO announced that in June 2018 the ICC tribunal 
had confirmed the arbitration settlement by a consent award, and the arbitration proceedings had been terminated. The 
parties also withdrew the pending appeals in the General Court of the European Union. In the global settlement agreement, 
the Supplier consortium companies committed to ensuring that the funds dedicated to the completion of the OL3 project 
are sufficient and cover all applicable guarantee periods. Consequently, a trust mechanism was set up funded by Areva 
companies to secure the funds required to cover Areva’s costs for the completion of the OL3 project
TVO announced in August 2020 that it had received an updated re-baseline schedule on the commissioning of OL3 from 
the Supplier. According to the updated schedule, fuel is expected to be loaded into the reactor in March 2021, OL3 is 
expected to be connected to the grid in October 2021, and regular electricity production is expected to start in February 
2022. According to TVO, the new management of Areva appointed in summer 2020 is preparing a financial solution to 
finalise the OL3 project until the end of the guarantee period. TVO is also negotiating with the Supplier on the terms of 
completing the OL3 project.
The COVID-19 pandemic may have significantly added uncertainty to the progress of the project. According to TVO, 
significant arrangements have been made at the OL3 site preventing the COVID-19 infections. Despite of COVID-19-
related restrictions, work has been able to continue under special arrangements.
On 16 December 2020, TVO announced that the shareholders of TVO, including PVO, have signed an additional 
shareholder loan commitment, comprising a total of EUR 400 million new subordinated shareholder loan agreements. 
According to TVO, with the new shareholder loan commitment, TVO prepares to maintain a sufficient liquidity buffer and 
equity ratio in order to complete the OL3.
Further delays to the OL3 project could have an adverse effect on PVO’s business and financial position and, hence, on the 
fair value of UPM’s energy shareholding in PVO as well as on the cost of energy to be sourced from OL3, when completed, 
which could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations. There can be 
no assurance that the cost of energy sourced from OL3 at the time when it starts regular electricity production will not be 
higher than the market price of electricity at the time.
UPM is exposed to risks related to climate change.
UPM is exposed to a variety of risks related to climate change. Strategic risks related to climate change include risks 
concerning competition, markets, customers, products and regulation. For example, unpredictable regulation and subsidies 
may distort raw material and final product markets and changing costs of greenhouse gas emissions may influence UPM’s 
financial performance. Additionally, decisive carbon removal policies may require a rapid growth in carbon removal 
technology solutions, but could also accelerate the tendency to optimise short-term actions that could lead to restrictions 
on wood-use and, therefore, have an adverse effect on UPM’s raw material supply. UPM believes that forest, wood-based 
products and low-carbon energy hold significant value creation potential with respect to renewable and recyclable products, 
but there can be no assurance that UPM will be successful in capturing this potential. 
Other risks related to climate change particularly concern UPM’s supply chain as well as the availability and price of major 
inputs. Climate change may cause exceptional weather events, such as severe storms, floods and draughts, which could, 
for example, result in unpredictable hydropower availability and wood harvesting conditions. Exceptionally mild winter 
conditions with a reduced period of frozen soil in the Nordics could affect the harvesting and transport of wood, 
consequently undermining the stability of raw material supply and potentially increasing the cost of wood. These could 
also increase the risk of production limitations. Climate change and extreme weather conditions caused by climate change 
may also have an adverse effect on UPM’s own forest and plantations as well as the price of electricity. See also “—
Operational Risks—UPM is exposed to risks related to its forests and plantations” and “—Financial Risks—UPM is 
exposed to risks related to the price of electricity” below. Accordingly, the above-mentioned strategic, operational and 
financial risks caused by climate change could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations and liquidity.
Loss of major customers and industry consolidation among UPM’s customer base could have a material adverse effect 
on UPM.
UPM has several major customers, and the largest customer in terms of sales represented approximately 2 per cent. of 
UPM’s sales for the year ended 31 December 2020 (approximately 3 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2019) and 
the ten largest customers represented approximately 14 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2020 (approximately 
15 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2019). Although UPM is not dependent on any specific customer or group of 
customers, the loss of its major customers, if not replaced on similar terms, could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s 
business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, there can be no assurance that customers in UPM’s 
operating industries would not consolidate, which could adversely affect UPM’s relationships with its customers. Also, as 
the size of such UPM’s customers would increase in connection with such industry consolidation, such customers could

--- Page 16 ---
14
exert increased bargaining power on all of their suppliers, including UPM, which could have a material adverse effect on 
UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations. UPM is also exposed to risks related to any deterioration of a 
major customer group’s financial condition. See “—Financial Risks—UPM may not be able to collect payments for its 
receivables” below.
UPM may not be successful in product development and innovation and may fail to protect intellectual property rights.
The future growth and success of UPM depends on its continued ability to identify and respond to changes in industry 
preferences and to market products and services in changing markets. The demand for daily consumer goods and the need 
for packaging materials and labelling is expected to continue increasing with population growth and rising living standards. 
Meanwhile sustainable consumer choices are expected to create a growing demand for sustainably produced products. 
UPM expects that the replacement of fossil-based materials with sustainable alternatives presents value creation 
opportunities, which UPM aims to realise with the innovation of renewable, recyclable and low-impact alternatives. Despite 
research and product development being an important part of UPM’s strategy, particularly with regard to new businesses, 
such as wood-based biofuels, biochemicals and biomedicals, there can be no assurance that UPM will be successful in 
developing or commercialising new products and/or solutions, or that UPM’s customers will accept such new products or 
solutions. The return on investment of new or enhanced existing products and solutions may, therefore, not meet targets or 
improve UPM’s competitiveness, which could have a material adverse effect on the demand for UPM’s products and 
services and, thus, on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
UPM has a broad patent portfolio that provides value creation potential in the future, however, it also exposes UPM to risks 
related to the protection and management of intellectual property, including patents and trademarks. If UPM is unable to 
protect its intellectual property rights (“IPR”), such failure could have a material adverse effect its business, financial 
condition or results of operations. See also “—Operational Risks—Certain technologies used by UPM are subject to the 
intellectual property rights of third parties” below.
Corporate acquisitions and divestments expose UPM to a number of risks.
UPM’s strategy is to grow its businesses with strong long-term fundamentals and sustainable competitive advantage. This 
may result in acquisitions of new businesses or divestments of existing businesses or parts thereof. Carrying out corporate 
mergers, acquisitions and divestments involves risks relating to the successful implementation of a divestment and the 
ability to integrate and manage acquired businesses, systems, culture and personnel successfully. In addition, the cost of 
an acquisition may prove high and/or the anticipated economies of scale or synergies may not materialise. Hidden liabilities 
of an acquired company (e.g., competition law liabilities) may also constitute significant risk in relation to potential 
acquisitions. UPM may not be able to identify attractive acquisition or merger opportunities or ensure the strategic fit, right 
valuation and effective integration of acquisitions despite its acquisition preparations and stakeholder engagement, which 
could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations. Regulation of merger 
or acquisition activity by competition authorities may also limit UPM’s ability to make future acquisitions or mergers. 
UPM may also divest operations or assets to focus on strategic areas. Any future divestments may be affected by many 
factors that are beyond UPM’s control, such as the availability of financing to potential buyers, interest rates and acquirers’ 
capacity, and divestments may also expose UPM to indemnity claims. Furthermore, divestments may involve additional 
costs due to historical and unaccounted liabilities. There can be no assurance that UPM will be able to divest assets in a 
profitable way, or that such divestments will be possible on acceptable terms, or at all. The profitability of corporate 
acquisitions and divestments may differ from UPM’s expectations, which could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s 
business, financial condition or results of operations. Large corporate transactions may also require extensive management 
attention and cause reputational issues, which would divert the attention of UPM’s management away from UPM’s 
everyday business.
Operational Risks
Fluctuations in the prices of major inputs, including energy, as well as changes in their availability could have a 
material adverse effect on UPM’s results of operations.
The main inputs required in the manufacturing of UPM’s products are wood, fibre, chemicals, energy and water. The prices 
for many of these major production inputs have been volatile in the recent years and are expected to remain volatile for the 
foreseeable future, which may have an adverse effect on the general profitability of the industries in which UPM operates. 
Climate change may contribute to the increase of the price volatility of UPM’s major production inputs. For example, 
exceptionally mild winter conditions could potentially increase the price of wood as described in “—Strategic Risks—UPM 
is exposed to risks related to climate change” above. Also, any adverse changes in the current forestry practices and level 
of harvesting due to negative public opinion towards harvesting could have an adverse effect on the raw material supply 
and may increase the cost of wood. Governmental protection and trade protection measures, amplified by COVID-19-
related governmental actions or restrictions, could also have an effect on the price and availability of raw materials as 
countries may, for example, enact export ban policies to protect forests or to bolster their domestic timber industry, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the cost and availability of wood as a raw material for UPM. See also “—Strategic

--- Page 17 ---
15
Risks—An uncertain economic and political operating environment could have an effect on the markets and regions in 
which UPM operates” above. It is also uncertain how the EU energy policies may affect the availability and costs of fibre 
and energy. See also “—Financial Risks—UPM is exposed to risks related to the price of electricity” below.
For the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, the costs and expenses for raw materials, consumables and goods 
accounted for approximately 61 per cent. and approximately 65 per cent. of UPM’s operating expenses, respectively. 
Significant increases in the prices of UPM’s major inputs could increase UPM’s operating expenses and, thus, have an 
adverse effect on the profitability of UPM’s operations. Despite UPM’s efforts to mitigate possible risks related to price 
fluctuations of raw materials, there can be no assurance that increases in the prices of raw materials and energy will not 
occur. If UPM is concurrently unable to increase its product prices sufficiently to maintain its margins, this could have a 
material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
UPM’s operations may be interrupted due to risks associated with its supplier and subcontractor network and raw 
materials procurement.
UPM’s business operations depend on a large number of suppliers and contractors. The majority of UPM’s need of wood 
is covered by suppliers, and other production inputs, such as chemicals, fillers and recovered paper, are fully obtained from 
suppliers. Disruptions in the supply of key inputs or transportation services could have a significant effect on manufacturing 
operations. This could, for example, result in interruption or downscaling of production, change in the product mix or 
increased costs resulting from price increases for critical inputs as well as shifts in the availability and price of wood, which 
could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations. Supplier 
consolidation could also limit the number of suppliers from which UPM would be able to source its production inputs and 
could materially affect the prices paid by UPM for these inputs.
The UPM Supplier and Third Party Code defines the minimum level of performance that UPM requires from its suppliers 
and third-party intermediaries. UPM carries out supplier risk assessments on, for example, operational, financial, quality 
and responsibility perspectives. Based on the risk assessment, selected suppliers’ activities are evaluated in more detail 
through annual surveys, supplier audits and joint development plans. If any non-conformities are discovered, the supplier 
is required to take corrective measures, which UPM follows up on. Some contracts may also be discontinued due to the 
seriousness of the finding or insufficient corrective measures. However, there can be no assurances that UPM is successful 
in ensuring that all applicable laws and regulations or corporate policies in the supply chain are fully complied with, which 
could lead to interruptions in UPM’s operations as well as legal processes or serious reputational damages impacting the 
value of UPM, which could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
UPM is subject to risks relating to the management and execution of large investment projects.
Investment projects in UPM’s businesses such as pulp, biochemicals, biofuels, energy or specialty paper are often large 
and take one or more years to complete. Participation in large projects involves risks, such as cost overruns or delays, as 
well as non-achievement of the economic targets set for the investment. Currently, UPM’s largest ongoing investment 
project is the construction of a new world-class pulp mill in Uruguay, which includes other related investments as well 
(port, Free Trade Zone infra and housing). For more information on the project, see “Description of the Issuer—Business 
Strategy—UPM Biofore – Beyond Fossils—Spearheads for Growth—High Value Fibre”. Particular to this project is its 
size, complexity with a number of interconnected sub-projects as well as the level of cooperation with permit and other 
authorities. Additionally, the second largest ongoing project is the construction of a biochemicals refinery in Germany. 
This project involves the development of new business concepts and technologies. For more information on the project, 
see “Description of the Issuer—Business Strategy—Spearheads for Growth—Molecular Bioproducts”. See also “—
Strategic Risks—UPM may not be successful in product development and innovation and may fail to protect intellectual 
property rights” above. 
UPM is responsible for many projects in several of its countries of operation at any given time. All projects involve 
technical and operational risks, and projects require continuous operational planning, steering and supervision, quality 
control, input procurement, scheduling as well as resource and cost monitoring. Managing several projects requires that 
UPM has sufficient resources and efficient processes, so that several overlapping internal teams and supplier networks can 
be managed simultaneously. The COVID-19 pandemic and the required additional health and safety measures have also 
added a new challenge to large investment projects. UPM’s transformative pulp project in Uruguay and biochemicals 
project in Germany are proceeding with strict health and safety controls, but despite these efforts, some changes to the 
detailed timeline of the projects may occur due to COVID-19 and related containment measures, which may have an 
adverse effect on the projects. Although UPM has experience in large projects in various businesses and locations around 
the world, any problems related to the management and execution of large projects, could have a material adverse effect 
on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
Unavailability of information systems as well as cybersecurity breaches could adversely affect UPM’s operations.
UPM’s production and business operations depend on the availability of supporting information systems and network 
services. Unplanned interruptions in critical information system services, loss of critical, financial or personal data due to

--- Page 18 ---
16
reasons beyond UPM’s control, such as power cuts, software or telecommunication errors or major disasters, such as fires 
or natural disasters, as well as user errors by UPM’s own personnel or suppliers, can potentially cause major damage to 
UPM’s businesses and disruptions to the continuity of operations. Furthermore, UPM’s information systems may be 
exposed to various cybersecurity risks. Malicious cyber intrusion could cause leakage of sensitive information, violation 
of data privacy regulations, theft of intellectual property, production outages and damage to UPM’s reputation. These risks 
may also increase due to COVID-19. UPM has protective administrative and technical controls to mitigate cybersecurity 
risks, but there can be no assurance that UPM’s existing and planned cybersecurity controls to mitigate such risks are 
successful, and the materialisation of such risks could damage UPM’s reputation and result in loss of business and, hence, 
have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
UPM’s operations are subject to risks related to litigation and compliance that could result in sanctions and fines and 
have an adverse effect on UPM’s reputation.
UPM operates globally in a large number of jurisdictions and complex regulatory frameworks. UPM may from time to 
time be involved in litigation and other similar proceedings or it could become subject to various claims and actions based 
on various grounds. There can be no assurance that ongoing or future litigation, claims and disagreements involving UPM 
will not result in material expenses for UPM or harm its reputation and thus, have a material adverse effect on UPM’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition.
On a global scale, enforcement activities and jurisdictional reach regarding competition issues and anticorruption have 
increased. Also, the recent development of the Renewable Energy Sources Act (EEG)-related lawsuits in Germany for 
alleged non-payment of EEG based surcharges may have an adverse impact on UPM, albeit UPM is not currently a party 
to any such lawsuits. The UPM Code of Conduct sets the standards of responsible behaviour and it covers topics relating 
to legal compliance and disclosure, anti-corruption, competition law, HR practices, human rights, responsible sourcing and 
environmental matters. UPM’s environmental performance and social responsibility play a significant role in UPM’s ability 
to operate and influence the long-term success of its businesses. UPM has significant manufacturing operations or sourcing 
in several developing countries, some of which are perceived as highly corrupt or corrupt according to Transparency 
International. In these countries, there is an increased risk of corruption, for example in relation to interaction with 
government officials and in the use of intermediaries when applying for permits and licences requiring governmental 
approval. There can be no assurance that UPM’s internal control measures will detect and prevent misbehaviour by 
individual employees, suppliers or third party intermediaries as well as violations at UPM’s partners and other companies 
in which UPM has an interest. Breaches of applicable laws and regulations or corporate policies by UPM employees may 
lead to legal processes, sanctions and fines as well as reputational damages effecting UPM’s operations, which could have 
a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
UPM may face labour disruptions that could adversely affect UPM’s operations.
UPM is subject to risk of labour disputes, which could disrupt its business operations (or the business operations of its 
stakeholders) and adversely affect UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations. UPM has experienced work 
stoppages in the past, and, for example, an industry-wide strike in Finland affected UPM’s operations in the beginning of 
2020. Uncertainty may increase in the Finnish labour market amid the announcement of the Finnish Forest Industries 
Federation to transfer collective bargaining to companies. Any labour disputes in UPM’s business operations or related 
sectors could have an adverse effect on UPM’s business operations. For example, labour disputes in the transport sector or 
among other stakeholders important to UPM, may disrupt UPM’s operations, possibly for a significant period of time. 
Also, COVID-19 related lockdowns and restrictions could result in labour disruptions that could adversely affect UPM’s 
operations. Additionally, public dissatisfaction with UPM’s labour-related decisions may, in extreme cases, lead to 
unanticipated boycotts or disruptions at its facilities or construction sites. There can be no assurance that there will not be 
labour disputes and/or adverse employee relations that could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial 
condition or results of operations in the future.
Natural disaster, fire, accident or other calamity at UPM’s production facilities could have a material adverse effect on 
UPM.
UPM operates a significant number of production facilities globally that are exposed to risks related to, environment, fires, 
natural events, site security and occupational health and safety. If UPM’s production facilities were to experience a major 
accident or were forced to shut down or curtail production due to such unforeseen events, such as a leak or spill due to 
malfunction or human error, this could cause major interruptions in UPM’s operations and result in significant costs in 
order to clean up and repair any potential damages to the production plant and the surrounding areas, which could have a 
material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations. Any failure to maintain high levels 
of safety management could also result in physical injury, sickness (such as a COVID-19 infection of one or more of 
UPM’s employees) or liability to UPM’s employees, contractors or third parties, which could, in turn, result in liability 
towards employees or third parties, impairment of UPM’s reputation or inability to attract and retain skilled employees. 
These risks are managed through established management procedures, health and safety precautions and loss prevention

--- Page 19 ---
17
programmes, but there can be no assurance that such procedures and programmes are effective in avoiding the realisation 
of such risks.
UPM’s insurance programme provides coverage for insurable hazard risks, subject to insurance terms and conditions, but 
despite UPM’s efforts for continuous safety improvements and risk management procedures, there can be no assurances 
that UPM’s efforts will be successful in preventing all accidents or other calamities at its production facilities, or that 
UPM’s insurance coverage would adequately cover all or any of such costs, if such an incident were to occur. This could 
have a material adverse effect on the efficiency of UPM’s production facilities, its reputation, business, financial condition 
or results of operations.
UPM is exposed to risks related to its forests and plantations.
Currently, UPM owns forest and plantation land in Finland, Uruguay and the United States. As at 31 December 2020, UPM 
owned 515,000 hectares of forest land in Finland, making it the largest private owner of forest land in Finland, and 
76,000 hectares of forest land in the United States. In addition, UPM had 281,000 hectares of own plantation land and 
153,000 hectares of leased plantation land in Uruguay. The value of UPM’s forest assets (i.e., standing trees) amounted to 
EUR 2,077 million as at 31 December 2020 (2,097 million as at 31 December 2019). UPM’s plantations and forests may 
be affected by the impacts of climate change, which include more frequent and severe extreme weather conditions such as 
heavy rainfall, storms, floods and drought. Climate change is expected to have the biggest physical effect on UPM’s forest 
lands in Finland, where temperatures are expected to rise more significantly and rapidly compared with other countries 
where UPM owns forest. Although forest growth will likely accelerate, particularly in Finland, due to the longer growing 
season, extreme weather conditions will intensify, presenting new risks. The increase of droughts and forest fires are 
estimated to pose the most significant risks for UPM’s business. Also, damages caused by insects and tree diseases are 
becoming increasingly common, which could have an adverse effect on the value of UPM’s forest assets. Should these 
risks materialise, they could harm UPM’s forest and plantations resulting in production interruption and additional costs, 
which could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
UPM is exposed to risks relating to its strategic partners.
UPM currently collaborates with many partners. For example, product development in the biofuels, bioenergy or 
biochemicals increases the importance of partnerships in the search for new products and businesses or higher efficiency. 
Partnerships may, however, create risks to the profitability, for example, through changes occurring within the partner 
entity or changes in how the partnership operates. UPM is also subject to the risk that its strategic partners do not comply 
with UPM’s Code of Conduct and, thereby, damage UPM’s reputation. This risk relates particularly to partners not 
complying with anti-corruption, competition law, HR practices, human rights, responsible sourcing and environmental 
matters. See also “—UPM’s operations are subject to risks related to litigation and compliance that could result in 
sanctions and fines and have an adverse effect on UPM’s reputation” above.
Partnership arrangements may also be too rigid to enable timely changes required, for example, in connection with changes 
in the market conditions or the economy. Furthermore, UPM’s partners may have different targets with respect to the 
business of the partnerships and there can be no assurance that, in such situations, UPM will be able to reach an agreement 
with its partners. As UPM may not have sole control over strategic direction and operational output of these entities, its 
partners may have the right to make certain decisions on key business matters with which UPM does not agree. In some 
cases, strategic partners may choose not to continue partnerships that they have with UPM. Any of these factors could 
affect UPM’s ability to pursue its strategies with respect to such entities, which may have an adverse effect on UPM’s 
business, financial condition or results of operations.
Certain technologies used by UPM are subject to the intellectual property rights of third parties.
Molecular bioproducts form one of UPM’s three strategic focus areas for growth. Initiatives within this strategic focus area 
are technology-intensive and require increasing investments in such technologies either through internal development or 
through third party licences or technological partnerships. In addition to UPM’s own IPR portfolio, UPM licences certain 
technologies developed by third parties. Evaluating the rights related to the third party technologies UPM uses or intends 
to use is increasingly challenging. Licensing third party technology exposes UPM to such risks as the increase of overall 
licensing costs, loss of negotiation power, the validity of such licensing arrangements and potential infringement claims, 
which could restrict UPM’s ability to use certain technologies, prevent the delivery of UPM’s products and/or result in 
costly and time-consuming litigation, which could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition 
or results of operations. Risk related to IPR claims and disputes relating to technological partnerships have been assessed 
to increase and a successful IPR infringement claim or other similar proceeding against UPM could have a material adverse 
effect on UPM’s development of solutions and services and, thus, also on UPM’s competitiveness, business, financial 
condition or results of operations.

--- Page 20 ---
18
UPM may be unable to recruit or retain diversely skilled personnel.
The success of UPM’s business largely depends on the ability to attract and retain a skilled and diverse workforce and build 
the necessary new capabilities required for future growth. UPM is continuously developing its leadership culture, 
evaluating its recruitment, compensation policies and career development opportunities and taking measures to attract and 
retain diversely skilled personnel in order to avoid shortages of appropriately competent and diverse personnel in the future. 
As UPM believes developing products, services, processes and technical solutions is key to improving resource efficiency, 
sustainability and competitiveness, it must hire and retain an increasing number of employees with different skills and 
professional expectations. See “—Strategic Risks—UPM may not be successful in product development and innovation 
and may fail to protect intellectual property rights” above. Should UPM fail to attract, retain, develop, train and motivate 
qualified, engaged and diverse employees at all levels, it could have an adverse effect on UPM’s long-term profitability 
and value creation, competitiveness and development of its business operations, which could have a material adverse effect 
on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
Financial Risks
Fluctuations in foreign exchange and interest rates could have a material adverse effect on UPM.
As a consequence of the global nature of its business, UPM is exposed to risks associated with changes in exchange rates, 
primarily with respect to the U.S. dollar, British pound sterling and Japanese yen. Foreign exchange risk arises from 
contracted and expected commercial future payment flows (transaction exposure), changes in value of recognised assets 
and liabilities denominated in foreign currency and changes in the value of assets and liabilities in foreign subsidiaries 
(translation exposure).
With respect to translation exposure, UPM has several currency denominated assets and liabilities on its balance sheet such 
as foreign currency bonds, loans and deposits, group internal loans and cash in other currencies than functional currencies. 
UPM aims to fully hedge this balance sheet translation exposure, however, UPM might have unhedged balance sheet 
exposures within the limits set in UPM’s treasury policy. UPM also has accounts receivable and payable balances 
denominated in foreign currencies and UPM aims to fully hedge the net exposure in main currencies. UPM’s net 
investments in foreign subsidiaries are also subject to foreign currency translation differences and are accumulated as a 
separate component of equity in the translation reserve, relating mainly to U.S dollar, Chinese Yuan Renminbi and British 
pound sterling. Currency exposure arising from the net investment in foreign subsidiaries is generally not hedged. 
Derivatives used for hedging translation risks include external forward contracts, cross currency swaps and currency 
options.
In addition to the direct effect that the risks described above could have on UPM’s earnings and cash flow directly, 
fluctuating exchange rates can also have indirect effects, such as change in UPM’s relative competitiveness between 
currency regions. Materialisation of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial 
condition or results of operations, and there can be no assurance that the hedging of such risks will be sufficient.
Further, interest-bearing liabilities and assets expose UPM to risks related to interest rates, namely the repricing and fair 
value interest rate risks caused by movements in interest rates. Although UPM manages its interest rate exposure, there can 
be no assurance that interest rate fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition 
or results of operations.
UPM could encounter difficulties in refinancing its debt and financing its operations.
Under all circumstances, UPM seeks to maintain adequate liquidity, which depends on a number of factors, such as the 
availability of cash flows from operations and access to additional debt and equity financing. UPM aims to ensure sufficient 
liquidity by means of efficient cash management and restricting financial investments to investment types that can readily 
be converted into cash and by keeping a sufficient amount of unused committed credit lines or cash as a reserve. UPM aims 
to minimise refinancing risks by ensuring a balanced loan portfolio maturing schedule and sufficiently long maturities. 
UPM’s average loan maturity as at 31 December 2020 was 7.6 years (7.5 years in 2019).
There can be no assurance that UPM will be able to obtain, on a timely basis or at all, sufficient funds on acceptable terms 
to provide adequate liquidity if cash flows from operations, unused committed credit line and cash reserves prove to be 
insufficient. Failure to generate additional funds, whether from operations or additional debt or equity financings, may, for 
example, require UPM to delay or abandon some or all of its strategy initiatives, including ongoing investment projects, or 
to modify its business strategy, which could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or 
results of operations. In addition, any future adverse developments, such as deterioration in the financial markets and a 
worsening of general economic conditions, may adversely affect UPM’s ability to borrow additional funds as well as the 
cost and other terms of the funding. For example, global financial markets have experienced, and may continue to 
experience, significant volatility and liquidity disruptions due to COVID-19, which may adversely affect UPM’s funding 
costs and access to funding and ultimately affect UPM’s ability to finance its operations, which could have a material 
adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations.

--- Page 21 ---
19
UPM is exposed to risks related to the price of electricity.
Electricity prices rely on the balance of supply and demand and as the share of intermittent renewable energy sources grows 
in the energy system, the volatility in the electricity market increases, potentially causing significant increases in the price 
of electricity. UPM’s sensitivity to the electricity market price is dependent on the electricity production and consumption 
levels as well as UPM’s hedging levels, all of which may be exposed to further uncertainties caused by COVID-19-related 
restrictions. UPM’s hedging objective is to reduce the earnings volatility that arises from the volatile electricity prices. 
UPM hedges both sales of power production and power purchases consumed daily. Despite UPM hedging both sales of 
power production and power purchases, such hedging levels may not be sufficient in reducing the earning volatility that 
arises from electricity prices, which could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results 
of operations. Adverse developments in the price of electricity may also have an effect on the value of UPM’s energy 
shareholdings.
UPM’s tax burden could increase due to changes in tax laws or regulations or their application or interpretation, or as 
a result of tax audits.
Due to the international nature of UPM’s business, its tax burden is dependent on specific aspects of tax laws and 
regulations in several jurisdictions, in particular with regard to transfer pricing rules. Related companies and permanent 
establishments must conduct any inter-company transactions on an arm’s length basis and provide appropriate 
documentation thereof, subject to applicable rules of the relevant jurisdiction. For example, the government of Uruguay 
has granted many free trade zone permits for domestic and foreign investments, including the permit to UPM’s pulp mill 
to operate in a free trade zone, whereby taxes in Uruguay consist mainly of property tax and annual tax-like charges paid 
to the government for the development of the zone, and in China, UPM qualifies as a high tech enterprise with a reduced 
corporate income tax rate. Also, in countries where UPM’s companies are using tax losses from previous years to offset 
tax liability of the year in question, such as Germany, no or only limited corporate income taxes are paid. UPM is also a 
significant energy consumer, and most of the energy used in the productions processes is subject to energy taxes. Within 
EU, energy taxation law allow member states to compensate for the energy taxes paid or apply lower tax rates for energy-
intensive industrial production or the activities, and UPM also benefits from certain subsidy schemes related to renewable 
energy production, but there can be no assurance that UPM will be able benefit from tax reliefs in the future. Changes in 
tax laws or regulations or their interpretation or application could significantly increase UPM’s tax burden, which could 
have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations. The tax authorities may also 
challenge views taken by UPM and, consequently, order additional taxes or reject tax refund claims.
UPM is, from time to time, subject to general tax audits or other review actions by the national tax and other authorities. 
As a result of such audits or other review actions, additional taxes (including, for example, income taxes, withholding taxes, 
real estate taxes, capital taxes, transfer taxes and value added taxes) could be assessed, for example, due to different 
interpretations of the local legislation and double tax treaties.
Failure to effectively manage credit and counterparty risk could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s financial 
condition and results of operations.
UPM is exposed to operational credit risk, that is, the risk of UPM not being able to collect the payments for its receivables. 
Possible weakening of the economy, whether related to COVID-19 or not, may increase UPM’s credit risk, but potential 
concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade and other receivables are, however, limited due to the large number and 
the geographic dispersion of UPM’s customers, and consequently, UPM does not have a significant concentration of 
customer credit risk. The ten largest customers accounted for approximately 15 per cent. of UPM’s trade receivables as at 
31 December 2020 and 2019, amounting to approximately EUR 170 million, and approximately EUR 179 million, 
respectively.
UPM has a credit policy in place and the exposure to credit risk is monitored on an ongoing basis. Customer credit limits 
are established and monitored, and ongoing evaluations of their financial condition is performed. Measures to reduce credit 
risk include also trade credit insurances, letter of credits, prepayments and bank guarantees. However, there can be no 
assurance that these measures will be successful in preventing the realisation of customer credit risk that could have a 
material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
Also, the financial instruments UPM has agreed with financial institutions contain an element of risk of the counterparties 
being unable to meet their obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition 
or results of operations. According to UPM’s treasury policy, derivative instruments and investments of cash funds may 
be made only with counterparties meeting certain creditworthiness criteria, and UPM also tries to minimise counterparty 
risk by using a number of major financial institutions. UPM’s ability to manage its financial counterparty-related risks 
depends on a number of factors, including market conditions affecting its financial counterparties, and its ability to mitigate 
exposure with acceptable terms.

--- Page 22 ---
20
Risk Relating to the Notes
Certain benchmark rates, including LIBOR and EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future – including 
the potential phasing-out of LIBOR after 2021.
The London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other interest rate 
or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international 
regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be 
implemented. 
The Benchmark Regulation on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure 
the performance of investment funds became applicable from 1 January 2018. The Benchmark Regulation applies to the 
provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. The 
Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR or another benchmark rate 
or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms 
of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the 
rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the 
international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could 
increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with 
any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing 
to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks,” trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain 
“benchmarks” or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain “benchmarks”. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 27 July 2017, the UK Financial Conduct Authority announced that it will 
no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021 and, on 
12 July 2018, announced that the LIBOR benchmark may cease to be a regulated benchmark under the Benchmark 
Regulation. Such announcements indicate that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis (or at all) cannot and will 
not be guaranteed after 2021. In addition, on 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that, from 
January 2018, its working group on Sterling risk free rates has been mandated with implementing a broad-based transition 
to the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) over the next four years across sterling bond, loan and derivative 
markets so that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021. 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked with 
the identification and adoption of a “risk free overnight rate” which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current 
benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working 
group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate (“€STR”) as the new risk-free rate for the euro 
area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to 
comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current 
form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark.
The elimination of LIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, could 
require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as further described in 
Condition 7(i) (Benchmark Discontinuation)) or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such 
benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other such 
benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the 
nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark 
during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the 
Notes) based on the same benchmark.
The “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, 
such as LIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes 
unavailable, unlawful or unrepresentative, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a 
successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) 
in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of 
the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this 
objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest 
rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a 
particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used.
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed 
on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative 
reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions), the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.

--- Page 23 ---
21
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes.
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks imposed 
by the Benchmark Regulation reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark.
Notes issued as Green Bonds with a specific use of proceeds, may not meet investor expectations or requirements. 
The Final Terms relating to a specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it is the Issuer’s intention to apply the proceeds 
of those Notes for projects that promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes in accordance with the Issuer’s 
Green Finance Framework (the “Green Finance Framework”). A prospective investor should have regard to the 
information set out, or referred to, in the Green Finance Framework and determine for itself the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of an investment in such Notes together with any other investigation it deems necessary.
No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that such use of proceeds will satisfy any present or future 
investment criteria or guidelines with which an investor is required, or intends, to comply, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any project or uses, the subject of or related to, the Green 
Finance Framework. 
It should be noted that there is currently no consistent definition or market consensus of what constitutes a “green”, 
“sustainable”, “social” or equivalently-labelled project nor can any assurance be given that a clear definition or consensus 
will develop over time or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any projects or the issues the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Projects. Accordingly, no assurance 
can be given that Eligible Projects and Assets will meet investor expectations or requirements regarding such “green”, 
“sustainable”, “social” or similar labels. Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Green 
Finance Framework and seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser the relevance 
of the information contained in this Base Prospectus regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase of the Notes before 
deciding to invest.
No representation or assurance is given as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of any third party 
made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion 
or certification is not incorporated in this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not a recommendation by 
the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the 
date it was issued. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject 
to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance 
of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated “green”, “sustainable”, “social” or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the 
Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies any present or future investment 
criteria or guidelines with which such investor is required, or intends, to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the 
criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No 
representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer or any other person that any such listing 
or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or that any such listing or admission to trading will 
be maintained during the life of the Notes.
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds for Eligible Projects and 
Assets, there is no contractual obligation to do so. There can be no assurance that any such Eligible Projects and Assets 
will be available or capable of being implemented in the manner anticipated and, accordingly, that the Issuer will be able 
to use the proceeds for such Eligible Projects and Assets as intended. In addition, there can be no assurance that Eligible 
Projects and Assets will be completed as expected or achieve the impacts or outcomes (environmental, social or otherwise) 
originally expected or anticipated. None of a failure by the Issuer to allocate the proceeds of any Notes issued as Green 
Bonds or a failure of a third party to issue (or to withdraw) an opinion or certification in connection with an issue of Green 
Bonds or the failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds to meet investors’ expectations requirements regarding any 
“green”, “sustainable”, “social” or similar labels will constitute an Event of Default or breach of contract with respect to 
any of the Notes issued as Green Bonds.
A failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds to meet investor expectations or requirements as to their “green”, 
“sustainable”, “social” or equivalent characteristics including the failure to apply proceeds for Eligible Projects and Assets, 
the failure to provide, or the withdrawal of, a third party opinion or certification, the Notes ceasing to be listed or admitted 
to trading on any dedicated stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of such Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets 
(which consequences may include the need to sell the Notes as a result of the Notes not falling within the investor’s 
investment criteria or mandate).

--- Page 24 ---
22
There is no active trading market for the Notes.
The Notes are new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is currently no active trading market 
(unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a 
Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, we cannot assure 
you as to the liquidity of any market in the Notes; a holder of the Notes’ ability to sell their Notes or the prices at which 
they would be able to sell their Notes. 
If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon 
prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the 
Issuer. It is possible that the market for the Notes will be subject to disruptions. Any such disruption may have a negative 
effect on holders of either series of the Notes, regardless of the Issuer’s prospects and financial performance. As a result, 
there is no assurance that there will be an active trading market for the Notes. If no active trading market develops, you 
may not be able to resell your holding of the Notes at a fair value, if at all.
Although application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to listing on Euronext Dublin there can be no assurance 
that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading 
market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any 
particular Tranche of Notes.
Exchange rates and exchange controls.
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the currency as stated in the relevant Notes (the “Specified 
Currency”). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if a holder of the Notes’ financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. 
These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely 
affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, holders of the Notes may receive less interest or principal than expected, or 
no interest or principal. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity.
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, in the event that the 
Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for 
or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Finland or any political subdivision thereof or 
any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Notes are redeemable 
at the Issuer’s option in certain other circumstances the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing 
interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances a holder of the Notes may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate. This optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During 
any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, holders of the Notes 
will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer.
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes will be deposited 
with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the 
relevant Global Note, holders of the Notes will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one 
or more Global Notes, holders of the Notes will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and their participants. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the 
Notes by making payments to the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their 
account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream,

--- Page 25 ---
23
Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records 
relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant Notes. 
Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a 
direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant 
Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed of Covenant. 
Notes issued with a minimum denomination.
Notes may be issued with a minimum denomination. The Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes may provide that, for so long 
as the Notes are represented by a Global Note and Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (or other relevant clearing 
system) so permit, the Notes will be tradable in nominal amounts (a) equal to, or integral multiples of, the minimum 
denomination, and (b) the minimum denomination plus integral multiples of an amount lower than the minimum 
denomination.
Definitive Notes will only be issued if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or other relevant clearing system) is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs. The 
Final Terms may provide that, if Definitive Notes are issued, such Notes will be issued in respect of all holdings of Notes 
equal to or greater than the minimum denomination. However, Noteholders should be aware that Definitive Notes that have 
a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. A holder 
who holds less than the minimum denomination in principal amount of the Notes in its account with a relevant clearing 
system would not receive a definitive Note and would need to purchase additional Notes such that it holds at least a principal 
amount of the minimum denomination in order to receive its Notes in definitive form. Any remaining principal amount of 
Notes will be cancelled and holders will have no rights against the Issuer (including rights to receive principal or interest 
or to vote) in respect of such Notes.
Definitive Notes will in no circumstances be issued to any person holding Notes in an amount lower than the minimum 
denomination and any holder of such Notes in its account at a relevant clearing system would not be able to receive a 
Definitive Note and would need to purchase additional Notes such that it holds at least a principal amount of the minimum 
denomination in order to receive its Notes in definitive form. Any remaining principal amount of Notes will be cancelled 
and holders will have no rights against the Issuer (including rights to receive principal or interest or to vote) in respect of 
such Notes.
The value of the Notes may be adversely affected by a negative change to an applicable credit rating.
The long-term senior debt of the Issuer has been assigned a rating of “Baa1” by Moody’s and “BBB” by S&P. Notes issued 
under the Programme may or may not be assigned an individual credit rating. A security rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. Any adverse change in an applicable credit rating could adversely affect the trading price for the Notes.
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks.
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit rating to the issue of Notes. The rating may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this section, and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended) subject to transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the 
case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-
registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation 
(and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list of 
registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is 
not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between 
certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the

--- Page 26 ---
24
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.
English law judgments may not be enforceable in Finland.
The United Kingdom left the EU on 31 January 2020 (“Brexit”) and the transitional period agreed in the withdrawal 
agreement expired on 31 December 2020 during which EU law continued to apply to the United Kingdom. As a result, the 
Recast Brussels Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 
December 2012)) has ceased to apply to the United Kingdom (and English court judgments). As no new reciprocal 
agreement on civil justice has been agreed, there will be a period of uncertainty concerning the enforcement of English 
court judgments in Finland following Brexit. As a result, a judgment entered against the Issuer in an English court may not 
be recognised or enforceable in Finland as a matter of law without a re-trial on its merits.

--- Page 27 ---
25
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The following documents have been filed with the Central Bank and Euronext Dublin and shall be deemed to be 
incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors’ report thereon and notes thereto) of UPM in 
respect of the year ended 31 December 2019 (set out on pages 144 to 213 of the 2019 Annual Report of the Issuer) 
(the “2019 Financial Statements”) as well as certain other financial information of UPM (set out on pages 214 
to 216 of the 2019 Annual Report of the Issuer);
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors’ report thereon and notes thereto) of UPM in 
respect of the year ended 31 December 2020 (set out on pages 146 to 218 of the 2020 Annual Report of the Issuer) 
(the “2020 Financial Statements”) as well as certain other financial information of UPM (set out on pages 219 
to 221 of the 2020 Annual Report of the Issuer); and
(c)
the terms and conditions set out on pages 30 to 55 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 5 November 2020 
relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. 
The documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are also 
available on the Issuer’s website:

The 2019 Financial Statements and certain other financial information from the 2019 Annual Report: 
https://www.upm.com/siteassets/asset/investors/2019/upm-annual-report-2019.pdf

The 2020 Financial Statements and certain other financial information from the 2020 Annual Report:
https://www.upm.com/siteassets/asset/investors/2020/upm-annual-report-2020.pdf

The terms and conditions set out in the base prospectus dated 5 November 2020:
https://www.upm.com/siteassets/asset/investors/debt/upm-kymmene-corporation---base-prospectus.pdf
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which is not 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 28 ---
26
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES
In this section the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the necessary information 
which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits 
and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact 
on the Issuer. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer has included 
in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at 
the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes.
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order to 
complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the relevant Final Terms 
or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that Tranche only, 
complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions described in the 
relevant Final Terms as completed to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms.
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus 
will be the Conditions as completed to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche 
of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being 
specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being 
specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.

--- Page 29 ---
27
FORM OF THE NOTES
Bearer Notes
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note in 
bearer form (the “Temporary Global Note”), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note in bearer form (the 
“Permanent Global Note”), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each 
Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a “Global Note”) which is not intended to 
be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the 
“Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of the central banking system for 
the euro (the “Eurosystem”), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced 
that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 
and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 
31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used.
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (“TEFRA C”) or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163 5(c)(2)(i)(D) (“TEFRA D”) 
is applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than one year, that TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
Temporary Global Note Exchangeable for Permanent Global Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole 
or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made 
under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or 
refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership.
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global Note, duly authenticated and, in the 
case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an 
increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against:
(i)
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to 
the order of the Fiscal Agent; and
(ii)
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership,
within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal 
amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, that in no circumstances shall 
the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note.
If:
(a)
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of an interest in 
the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or
(b)
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due 
date for payment,

--- Page 30 ---
28
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the 
case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice 
to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form (“Definitive Notes”):
(a)
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the Final Terms; or
(b)
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or
(c)
if the Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note”, then if either 
of the following events occurs:
(i)
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business; or
(ii)
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs.
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery 
(free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so 
specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the 
Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to 
or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.
If:
(a)
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer has 
requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or
(b)
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global Note 
representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with its terms; or
(c)
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment,
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the date on which such 
Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date ((c) above) 
and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights 
which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant).
Temporary Global Note Exchangeable for Definitive Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes” and also specifies that TEFRA C is applicable or that TEFRA is not applicable, then the Notes will initially be in 
the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes.
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes” and also specifies that TEFRA D is applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global 
Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of 
the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery 
(free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary 
Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.

--- Page 31 ---
29
If:
(a)
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer has 
requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or
(b)
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment,
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case 
of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to 
the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant).
Permanent Global Note Exchangeable for Definitive Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be exchangeable in whole, but 
not in part, for Definitive Notes:
(a)
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or
(b)
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or
(c)
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note”, then 
if either of the following events occurs:
(i)
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business; or 
(ii)
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs.
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery 
(free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes represented 
by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global 
Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.
If:
(a)
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer has 
requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or
(b)
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment,
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date ((b) above) 
and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights 
which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant).
Rights under Deed of Covenant
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note which 
becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately 
before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes 
in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system.

--- Page 32 ---
30
Terms and Conditions Applicable to the Notes
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the terms and 
conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which 
complete those terms and conditions.
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would 
apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes 
while in Global Form” below.
Legend Concerning United States Persons
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than one year, the Notes in global form, the Notes in 
definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect:
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income 
tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.”
Registered Notes
Each Tranche of Notes in registered form (“Registered Notes”) will be represented by either:
(i)
individual Note Certificates in registered form (“Individual Note Certificates”); or 
(ii)
one or more global note certificates (“Global Registered Note(s)”) in the case of Registered Notes sold outside 
the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S, 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, “Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt securities and their 
eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations”, the ECB announced that it has assessed the new holding structure and custody 
arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in cooperation with market participants and that Notes to 
be held under the new structure (the “New Safekeeping Structure” or “NSS”) would be in compliance with the “Standards 
for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of the central banking system for the euro (the 
“Eurosystem”), subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements. The press release also stated 
that the new arrangements for Notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
of 30 June 2010 and that registered debt securities in global registered form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping 
Structure is used.
Each Note represented by a Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Certificate which is not to be held 
under the New Safekeeping Structure, registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary; or (b) in the case of a Certificate to be held under the 
New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Each Note represented by a Global Registered Note will be registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global 
Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Individual Note Certificates”, then the Notes will at all 
times be represented by Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect of their respective holdings.
Global Registered Note Exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates”, then the Notes will initially be represented by one or more Global Registered Notes each of which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates:
(i)
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or
(ii)
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or
(iii)
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Global Registered Note”, then:

--- Page 33 ---
31
(a)
in the case of any Global Registered Note, if Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant 
clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business; and
(b)
in any case, if any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs.
Whenever a Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, each person having an interest in 
a Global Registered Note must provide the Registrar (through the relevant clearing system) with such information as the 
Issuer and the Registrar may require to complete and deliver Individual Note Certificates (including the name and address 
of each person in which the Notes represented by the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal 
amount of each such person’s holding). 
Whenever a Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall procure that 
Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Global 
Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder of the Global Registered 
Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates against 
the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar.
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the regulations concerning 
the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement and, in particular, shall be effected without 
charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty of 
whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange.
Terms and Conditions Applicable to the Notes
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual Note Certificate 
and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the provisions 
of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions.
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions Relating to the 
Notes while in Global Form” below.

--- Page 34 ---
32
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be endorsed on 
each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche of Notes which are being admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in a Member State of the European Economic Area or on a regulated market in the United 
Kingdom, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to 
the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may 
supplement, amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus.
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would 
apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes 
while in Global Form” below.
1.
Introduction
(a)
Programme: UPM-Kymmene Corporation (the “Issuer”) has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to EUR 3,000,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of notes (the “Notes”).
(b)
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a final 
terms (the “Final Terms”) which completes these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”). The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail.
(c)
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement dated 5 
November 2020 (the “Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as fiscal 
agent (the “Fiscal Agent”, which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to 
time in connection with the Notes), Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG as registrar (the “Registrar”, 
which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Notes), and the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which 
expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection 
with the Notes), the transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the “Transfer Agents”, 
which expression includes any successor or additional transfer agents appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes). In these Conditions references to the “Agents” are to the Paying Agents and 
the Transfer Agents and any reference to an “Agent” is to any one of them. 
(d)
Deed of Covenant: The Notes may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”), or in registered form 
(“Registered Notes”). The Notes are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 5 November 2020 (the 
“Deed of Covenant”) entered into by the Issuer.
(e)
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the 
subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing during 
normal business hours at Alvar Aallon katu 1, FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland and www.upm.com.
(f)
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and the 
Deed of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the 
“Noteholders”) and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the “Couponholders” and the 
“Coupons”, respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement and 
the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the 
Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below.
2.
Interpretation
(a)
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings:
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 35 ---
33
“Business Day” means:
(a)
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and
(b)
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre;
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:
(a)
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day;
(b)
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day;
(c)
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day;
(d)
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date 
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that:
(i)
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month;
(ii)
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and
(iii)
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and
(e)
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention;
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Call Option” means the option of the Issuer to redeem the Notes pursuant to Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer);
“Coupon Sheet” means, in respect of a Note in definitive form, a coupon sheet relating to the Note;
“DA Selected Bond” means the government security or securities selected by the Determination Agent 
as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the Remaining Term of the Notes, that 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in 
determining the redemption price of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the 
Notes and with a comparable remaining maturity to the Remaining Term of the Notes;

--- Page 36 ---
34
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
“Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and:
(a)
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means:
(i)
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and
(ii)
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of:
(A)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and
(B)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year;
(iii)
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in 
a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);
(iv)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365;
(v)
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360;
(vi)
if “30/360” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction
=
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x






--- Page 37 ---
35
(vii)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction
=
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction
=
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30,
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period;
“Determination Agent” means an independent adviser, investment bank or financial institution of 
recognised standing selected by the Issuer;
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms;
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





360
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
)
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x






--- Page 38 ---
36
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms;
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to 
time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any person which takes over administration of that 
rate);
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement;
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Gross Redemption Yield” means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such 
security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out by the 
United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper “Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from 
Yields”, page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae “Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and Undated 
Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date” (published on 8 June 1998 and 
updated on 15 January 2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further amended, updated, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time) or, if such formula does not reflect generally accepted market practice at the 
time of redemption, a gross redemption yield calculated in accordance with generally accepted market 
practice at such time as determined by the Determination Agent;
“Group” means the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole;
“Guarantee” means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person to 
pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation):
(a)
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness;
(b)
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness;
(c)
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and 
(d)
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness;
“Holder”, in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, Denomination, 
Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given 
in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Registered Notes); 
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including (without 
limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a)
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility;
(b)
amounts raised under any note purchase facility;
(c)
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and IFRS, be treated as finance or capital leases;
(d)
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment 
of which is deferred for a period in excess of 120 days; and
(e)
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing and/or which would, in 
accordance with IFRS, be treated as a borrowing;
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period;

--- Page 39 ---
37
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms;
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Interest Payment Date” means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified as 
such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business 
Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms:
(a)
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or
(b)
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period 
of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case);
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date;
“ISDA Benchmarks Supplement” means the Benchmarks Supplement (as amended and updated as at 
the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms)) published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc;
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms)) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. including, if specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the ISDA Benchmark Supplement;
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“LIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the London interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a designated 
distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate);
“Make Whole Redemption Price” has the meaning given in Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase 
– Redemption at the option of the Issuer);
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Minimum Rate of Interest” for any Interest Period has the meaning given in the Final Terms but shall 
never be less than zero, including any relevant margin;
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer);
“Noteholder”, in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the 
meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Registered Notes);
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 40 ---
38
“Participating Member State” means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the euro as 
its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty;
“Payment Business Day” means:
(a)
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is:
(i)
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii)
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or
(b)
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is:
(i)
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii)
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre;
“Permitted Security Interest” means:
(a)
a Security Interest on the undertaking or assets of any Person existing at the time such Person 
is acquired by and becomes a Subsidiary of the Issuer, provided such Security Interest was not 
created in contemplation of such acquisition and the principal amount secured has not been 
increased in contemplation of or since such acquisition;
(b)
a Security Interest arising in relation to any Project Finance Debt; and
(c)
a Security Interest created for the purposes of any securitisation or similar asset-backed off 
balance sheet financing arrangement;
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality;
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that:
(a)
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Union or the United Kingdom as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and
(b)
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in the 
case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent;
“Principal Subsidiary” means at any time, any Subsidiary of the Issuer:
(a)
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a company which itself has Subsidiaries) 
represent not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Group taken as a whole 
(all as calculated by reference to the then most recent financial statements (consolidated or, as 
the case may be, unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then most recent consolidated 
financial statements of the Group); or
(b)
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the assets and undertaking of a 
Subsidiary which, immediately prior to such transfer, is a Principal Subsidiary pursuant to 
paragraph (a) above (and, thereafter, subject to the provisions of paragraph (a) above).
“Project Finance Debt” means any indebtedness incurred in relation to any asset solely for purposes of 
financing the whole or any part of the acquisition, creation, construction, improvement or development 
of such asset where the financial institutions to whom such indebtedness is owed have recourse solely to 
the applicable project borrower (where such project borrower is formed solely or principally for the 
purpose of the relevant project) and/or to such asset (or any derivative asset thereto) or any other similar 
non-recourse indebtedness which is properly regarded as project finance debt.

--- Page 41 ---
39
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder;
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the 
option of the Noteholder;
“Quotation Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms;
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, 
the Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early 
Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms;
“Redemption Margin” means the figure specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate;
“Reference Bond” means the bond specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or to the 
extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the relevant 
Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond;
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any Reference Date, (i) the arithmetic average of the 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the highest 
and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all such quotations;
“Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) for the Remaining Term or interpolated yield for the 
Remaining Term (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price 
for such Reference Date;
“Reference Date” means the date falling three London Business Days prior to the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call);
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the Issuer (following, 
where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if applicable), or their affiliates, which are 
(i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) market makers in 
pricing corporate bond issues;
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Determination Agent, 
of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its 
principal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Determination 
Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer;
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR/LIBOR/STIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Regular Period” means:
(a)
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 42 ---
40
(b)
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and
(c)
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
“Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment 
Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period.
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders;
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, 
note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is listed, quoted or 
traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any over-the-
counter market);
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate;
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Remaining Term” means the term to maturity or, if a Par Redemption Date is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, to such Par Redemption Date;
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the 
Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date 
for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum 
requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution;
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction;
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement;
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 9(c) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer);
“STIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Stockholm interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently the Swedish Bankers’ Association) in accordance with the requirements 
from time to time of the Swedish Bankers’ Association (or any other Person which takes over the 
administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated 
currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor 
banks (details of historic STIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor);
“Subsidiary” means any subsidiary of the Issuer whose financial statements are, in accordance with 
IFRS, consolidated with those of the Issuer;

--- Page 43 ---
41
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons;
“TARGET2” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007;
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro;
“Treaty” means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; and
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
(b)
Interpretation: In these Conditions:
(i)
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable;
(ii)
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons;
(iii)
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Talons are not applicable;
(iv)
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions;
(v)
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Conditions;
(vi)
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; 
(vii)
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms give no such meaning or specifies that such 
expression is “not applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the Notes. and 
(viii)
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes.
3.
Form, Denomination and Title
(a)
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes with 
more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination.
(b)
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case of Bearer 
Notes, “Holder” means the holder of such Bearer Note and “Noteholder” and “Couponholder” shall be 
construed accordingly.
(c)
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum 
denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(d)
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a “Note Certificate”) will be issued to each Holder of 
Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially 
with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered Notes, 
“Holder” means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the 
Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and “Noteholder” shall be construed 
accordingly.
(e)
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership,

--- Page 44 ---
42
trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of Registered Notes, on the Note 
Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss 
or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. No person shall have any right 
to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
(f)
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and (j) (Regulations concerning 
transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant 
Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the 
individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered Note may not 
be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of the 
Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of 
Registered Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations. Where not all the Registered Notes 
represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in 
respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor.
(g)
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a Note 
Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the Registrar will 
register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the 
Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the 
Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by 
uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant 
Holder. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office.
(h)
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as the case may 
be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may 
be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer.
(i)
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days 
ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes.
(j)
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the 
Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes scheduled to 
the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of 
the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any 
Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations.
4.
Status
The Notes constitute direct, general and unconditional obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari 
passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application.
5.
Negative Pledge
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not and the Issuer shall procure that none of its 
Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest, other than a Permitted Security Interest, upon 
the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure 
any Relevant Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes equally and rateably 
therewith or (b) providing such other security for the Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution 
of Noteholders.
6.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
(a)
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.
(b)
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer 
Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the

--- Page 45 ---
43
due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this 
Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder 
and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received 
all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
(c)
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination.
(d)
Notes accruing interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount: This Condition 6(d) shall apply to Notes 
which are Fixed Rate Notes only where the Final Terms for such Notes specify that the Interest Payment 
Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified therein. The 
relevant amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period for such Notes shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the 
Calculation Amount by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). The Calculation Agent shall 
cause the relevant amount of interest and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, 
the Paying Agents and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) and, if the Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so requires, such exchange as soon as possible 
after their determination or calculation but in no event later than the fourth Business day thereafter or, if 
earlier in the case of notification to the stock exchange, the time required by the rules of the relevant 
stock exchange.
(e)
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period 
for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to 
the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) 
and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note 
divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency 
other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.
7.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
(a)
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.
(b)
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer 
Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the 
due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this 
Condition 7 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder 
and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received 
all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment).
(c)
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis:
(i)
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date;
(ii)
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear on the

--- Page 46 ---
44
Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
where:
(A)
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and
(B)
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period;
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case 
may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate
(iii)
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date;
(iv)
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) or (iii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will:
(A)
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to provide 
a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; and
(B)
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and
(v)
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local 
time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal 
to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
that market at that time,
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is 
unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period.
(d)
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” in relation 
to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which:
(i)
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;
(ii)
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(iii)
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the relevant Floating 
Rate Option is based on LIBOR for a currency, the first day of that Interest Period or (B) in any 
other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
(iv)
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by

--- Page 47 ---
45
straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, where:
(A)
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and
(B)
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period;
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and 
by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.
(e)
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified.
(f)
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product 
by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction 
equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this 
purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent.
(g)
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by 
it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined 
by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each 
Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If 
the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination, the Calculation Agent shall 
not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount 
and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination.
(h)
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7 by the Calculation 
Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the 
Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions for such purposes.
(i)
Benchmark Discontinuation: If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when the 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be determined by 
reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 7(i)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 7(i)(ii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 7(i)(iv)).
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, Agents or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 7(i).
(i)
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 7(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Reference Rate applicable to the immediate following Interest Period shall be the Reference

--- Page 48 ---
46
Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first 
Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 7(i) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) shall apply to the immediately following Interest Period only. 
Any subsequent Interest Period may be subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 7(i). 
(ii)
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that:
(A)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 7(i)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate 
of Interest for the immediately following Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, 
subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(i) in the event of a further Benchmark 
Event affecting the Successor Rate; or
(B)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 7(i)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately following Interest Period 
and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(i) in 
the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative Rate.
(iii)
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be).
(iv)
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 7(i) and the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (i) 
that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
“Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer 
shall, following consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms Pricing Supplement as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 7(i)(iv), without any requirement for the consent or approval of relevant Noteholders, 
vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice (and for the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction 
and expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to the Agency 
Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this 
Condition 7(i)).
(v)
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(i) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.
(vi)
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A)
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor Rate, or, as the 
case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where applicable, any relevant Adjustment 
Spread and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7(i); and 
(B)
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread.
(vii)
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad 
faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, any other Paying Agents and the Noteholders.

--- Page 49 ---
47
(j)
As used in this Condition 7(j):
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines is 
required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:
(A)
 in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; or
(B)
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or
(C)
(if no such determination has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the Independent 
Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the- 
counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or
(D)
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to 
the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with this Condition 7(i) is customary in market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) in the Specified Currency.
“Benchmark Event” means:
(A)
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result 
of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or
(B)
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication 
of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date (the “Specified Future 
Date”); or
(C)
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate or the supervisor of the 
administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a 
specified future date (the “Specified Future Date”), be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or
(D)
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate or the supervisor of the 
administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that means that such Reference Rate will, by a 
specified future date (the “Specified Future Date”), be prohibited from being used or that its 
use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the 
Notes; or
(E)
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate or the supervisor of the 
administrator of the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor 
or administrator, (i) such Reference Rate is no longer representative of an underlying market or 
(ii) the methodology to calculate such Reference Rate has materially changed; or
(F)
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for the 
Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable).
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public statement 
within sub-paragraphs (B), (C) or (D) above and the Specified Future Date in the public statement is

--- Page 50 ---
48
more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed 
occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date.
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(i)(iv).
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case appointed by 
the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 7(i).
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):
(A)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or
(B)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof.
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.
8.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
(a)
Application: This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero 
Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.
(b)
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to 
the sum of:
(i)
the Reference Price; and
(ii)
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due 
in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment).
9.
Redemption and Purchase
(a)
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments – Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes).
(b)
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part:
(i)
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable); or
(ii)
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable),
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as 
may be specified in the relevant final terms (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if:
(A)
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations 
of the Republic of Finland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having

--- Page 51 ---
49
power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and
(B)
such obligation cannot (without substantial costs) be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it, provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than:
(1)
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period 
as may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Notes were then due; or
(2)
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days 
(or such other period as may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior to 
the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Notes were then due.
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred of and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts 
as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this 
Condition 9(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 9(b).
(c)
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) on the Issuer’s giving not less than 
30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable but may (at the option of the Issuer) be 
conditional on one or more conditions precedent being satisfied, or waived by the Issuer, and shall oblige 
the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the applicable amount specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Call))) one of:
(i) 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call); or
(ii)
the Make Whole Redemption Price.
The “Make Whole Redemption Price” will, in respect of Notes to be redeemed, be, as determined by 
the Determination Agent:
(i)
if “Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount” is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such 
Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price (expressed as a 
percentage), as reported in writing to the Issuer by the Determination Agent (if applicable), at 
which the Gross Redemption Yield on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the sum of 
(x) the Gross Redemption Yield (as determined by reference to the middle market price) at the 
Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus (y) the Redemption Margin; 
or 
(ii)
if “Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of 
such Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the sum of the then present values of each remaining 
scheduled payment of principal and interest on such Notes to be redeemed for the Remaining 
Term (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call)) discounted to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) on an 
annual basis (assuming the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms or such 
other day count basis as the Determination Agent may consider to be appropriate having regard

--- Page 52 ---
50
to customary market practice at such time) at the Reference Bond Rate plus the Redemption 
Margin, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms,
provided however that, in the case of either (i) or (ii) above, if the Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
occurs on or after the Par Redemption Date (if any) specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Make-
Whole Redemption Price will be equal to 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes.
(d)
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to be 
redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such 
manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules 
of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have 
then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so 
to be redeemed and, in the case of Registered Notes, each Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion 
which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes to be redeemed on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes on such date. If 
any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or 
be less than the minimum so specified.
(e)
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note redeem, such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the 
option contained in this Condition 9(e), the Holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days 
before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant final terms), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons 
relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. 
The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt 
to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in 
accordance with this Condition 9(e), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due 
presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the 
redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification 
thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the 
relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the 
depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any 
outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 9(e), the depositor of such 
Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes.
(f)
Clean-up Call: If Clean-up Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, and, at any 
time, (other than following the exercise by the Issuer of its redemption right under Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in respect of the Notes), the 
outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Tranche issued, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, at any time (if the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable) or on 
any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (or such 
other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms). The notice shall be irrevocable. Any 
such redemption shall be at par together, if appropriate, with any accrued but unpaid interest to the date 
fixed for redemption.
(g)
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
paragraphs (a) to (f) above.
(h)
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date 
shall be an amount equal to the sum of:
(i)
the Reference Price; and

--- Page 53 ---
51
(ii)
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date Fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable.
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 9(h) or, if none is so specified, a 
Day Count Fraction of 30E/360.
(i)
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price and such Notes may be held, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered 
to any Paying Agent for cancellation (provided that, if the Notes are to be cancelled, they are purchased 
together with all unmatured Coupons relating to them).
(j)
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed and any unmatured Coupons or unexchanged Talons attached to or 
surrendered with them shall be cancelled and all Notes so cancelled and any Notes cancelled pursuant to 
Condition 9(i) (Purchase) above (together with all unmatured Coupons cancelled with them) may not be 
reissued or resold.
10.
Payments – Bearer Notes
This Condition 10 is only applicable to Bearer Notes.
(a)
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that 
currency.
(b)
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against presentation 
and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in paragraph (a) above.
(c)
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount 
of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the 
full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States 
law.
(d)
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all cases to 
(i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (“FATCA”).
(e)
Commissions or Expenses: No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments.
(f)
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto:
(i)
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted 
will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross 
amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment;

--- Page 54 ---
52
(ii)
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment:
(A)
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as will result 
in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the “Relevant Coupons”) 
being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this sub-
paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing 
Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and
(B)
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of principal 
due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, 
however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due 
for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) which the gross 
amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment.
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons.
(g)
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specify that this Condition 10(g) is applicable or 
that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note 
or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of 
the Issuer) or Condition 13 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not 
still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof.
(h)
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place 
and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay.
(i)
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by paragraph (c) 
above).
(j)
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount 
and date of such payment.
(k)
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of 
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet 
may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become 
void pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect 
of such Talon.
11.
Payments - Registered Notes
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Registered Notes.
(a)
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment 
is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an 
account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may 
be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of 
that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) 
and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the 
relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent.
(b)
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is 
due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account

--- Page 55 ---
53
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case 
of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of 
the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent.
(c)
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all cases 
to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any 
official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation)) any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (FATCA). No commissions or expenses shall 
be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments.
(d)
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment instructions 
(for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the next succeeding 
Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will 
be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the 
due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case 
of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments 
of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. A Holder of a Registered Note 
shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from 
(A) the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance 
with this Condition 11 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail.
(e)
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in the case 
of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and the 
date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate.
(f)
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the 
Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar’s Specified Office on the 
fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the “Record Date”). Where payment in respect of a 
Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address 
of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date.
12.
Taxation
(a)
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf 
of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Finland or any political 
subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, 
the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by 
them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall 
be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment:
(i)
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with the Republic of Finland other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or
(ii)
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for payment 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder of such Note or 
Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering such 
Note or Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days.
(b)
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the 
Republic of Finland, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Finland shall be construed as 
references to the Republic of Finland and/or such other jurisdiction.
(c)
FATCA withholding: Notwithstanding anything in Condition 10(d) (Payments subject to fiscal laws)] 
and Condition 11(c) (Payments subject to fiscal laws) or this Condition 12 to the contrary, none of the

--- Page 56 ---
54
Issuer, any paying agent or any other person shall be required to pay any additional amounts with respect 
to any withholding or deduction imposed on or in respect of any Note or Coupon pursuant to FATCA.
13.
Events of Default
If any of the following events occurs, and is continuing:
(a)
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes within seven days 
of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes within 
14 days of the due date for payment thereof; or
(b)
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default remains unremedied for 30 days after given 
written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer or to 
the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; or 
(c)
Payment Cross-Default and Cross-Acceleration of Issuer or a Principal Subsidiary: 
(i)
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries is not paid when due or (as 
the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period; 
(ii)
any such Indebtedness becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise than at 
the option of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the relevant Principal Subsidiary or (provided 
that no event of default, howsoever described, has occurred) any Person entitled to such 
Indebtedness unless, such declaration is being contested in good faith by the Issuer or the 
relevant Principal Subsidiary on the basis of external legal advice and such creditor (or creditors) 
has (or have) not obtained an enforceable judgment against the Issuer, or the relevant Principal 
Subsidiary in respect of the same and the Issuer or the relevant Principal Subsidiary has a 
reasonable prospect of successfully contesting such action (or actions) and has, if such action is 
adversely determined against the Issuer or the relevant Principal Subsidiary, sufficient and 
proper reserves in cash or other readily recognisable liquid assets have been made in accordance 
with IFRS to pay the relevant Indebtedness; or 
(iii)
the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable by it 
under any Guarantee of any Indebtedness;
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or sub-paragraph (ii) above 
and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph (iii) above individually or 
in the aggregate exceeds EUR 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies);
(d)
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more judgment(s) or order(s) from which no further appeal or judicial 
review is permissible under applicable law for the payment of an amount exceeding EUR 50,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency) whether individually or in the aggregate, is rendered against the 
Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days 
after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; or
(e)
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession of, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer is 
appointed in relation to, the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or any of its Principal 
Subsidiaries for the payment of an amount exceeding EUR 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) whether individually or in the aggregate; or
(f)
Insolvency etc: (i) the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its 
debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator is appointed (or application for any such 
appointment is made in good faith in respect of a bona fide claim) in respect of the Issuer or any of its 
Principal Subsidiaries or the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the 
Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, and is not dismissed, stayed or discharged within 30 days, or 
(iii) the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries takes any action for a readjustment or deferment of any 
of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit 
of its creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any 
Indebtedness given by it, in each case, in respect of a Principal Subsidiary only, otherwise than for the 
purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring of the Group whilst solvent; 
or
(g)
Winding up etc: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries (otherwise than, in the case of a Principal

--- Page 57 ---
55
Subsidiary of the Issuer, for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or 
restructuring of the Group whilst solvent), save for any proceedings or actions which are contested in 
good faith and which are discharged, stayed or dismissed within thirty (30) days of their commencement; 
or
(h)
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Republic of Finland has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (g) above, 
then any holder of any Note may, by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or 
to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, declare such Notes to be immediately due and payable, 
whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount together with 
accrued but unpaid interest (if any) without further action or formality. 
14.
Prescription
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes are presented 
for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall 
become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant 
Date. Claims for principal and interest on redemption in respect of Registered Notes shall become void unless the 
relevant Note Certificates are surrendered for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date.
15.
Replacement of Notes and Coupons
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified Office 
of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes 
are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying 
Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such 
replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note Certificates or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will 
be issued.
16.
Agents
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Paying Agents act 
solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or 
with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders.
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent (if any) 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or registrar or Calculation Agent and 
additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a)
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent and a registrar; and
(b)
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a 
Calculation Agent; and
(c)
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent and/or a 
Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent 
having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system.
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders.
17.
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of 
these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the request in writing 
of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding

--- Page 58 ---
56
Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more 
Persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only 
be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more 
Persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly 
passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present 
or not.
In addition, a resolution in writing and electronic consent signed by or on behalf of 75 per cent. 
Noteholders who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take 
effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
Noteholders.
(b)
Modification and waiver: The Notes, the Deed of Covenant and these Conditions, may be amended 
without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the 
parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not 
agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.
In addition, pursuant to Condition 7(i) (Benchmark Discontinuation), certain changes may be made to 
the interest calculation provisions of the Floating Rate Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise set 
out in such Condition, without the requirement for consent of the Noteholders.
18.
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create and issue 
further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the 
first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes.
19.
Notices
(a)
Bearer Notes: Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the 
Bearer Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of applicable law or 
regulations, published on the website of Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie) or, if such publication is not 
practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all 
the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents 
of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes.
(b)
Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class mail (or 
its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the Register 
and, if the Registered Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of 
applicable law or regulations, a leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland or published on 
the website of Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie) or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English 
language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing.
20.
Currency Indemnity
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or made in 
relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the “first currency”) in which the same is payable under 
these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the “second currency”) for the purpose of 
(a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other 
tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify 
each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or 
to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the 
rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second 
currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business

--- Page 59 ---
57
purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or 
in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof.
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a separate and 
independent cause of action.
21.
Rounding
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these Conditions 
or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 
0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded 
to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from 
such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two 
decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards.
22.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes are governed by English law.
(b)
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a “Dispute”) 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes).
(c)
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient 
courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary.
(d)
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered 
to Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG, united 
Kingdom, or to such other person with an address in England or Wales and/or at such other address in 
England or Wales as the Issuer may specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders. Nothing in this 
paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 60 ---
58
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “EU MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]
OPTION 1 – EU MiFID II Target market Legend for a professional investors and ECPs (consider if any of the 
Issuer / Guarantor / Managers are “EU MiFID II entities” and are “manufacturers” for the purposes of EU MiFID 
II) 
[EU MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined 
in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “EU MiFID II”)][EU MiFID II]; or (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
OPTION 2 – UK MiFIR Target market Legend for a professional investors and ECPs (consider if any of the Issuer 
/ Guarantor / Managers are “UK MiFIR entities” and are “manufacturers” for the purposes of UK MiFIR)
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
END OF OPTION
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to 
Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as modified or amended 
from time to time, the “SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 
309A of the SFA) that the Notes are [“prescribed capital markets products”]/[“capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products”] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018).]

--- Page 61 ---
59
Final Terms dated [●]
UPM-Kymmene Corporation
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
Legal entity Identifier (LEI): 213800EC6PW5VU4J9U64
under the EUR 3,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) set forth 
in the base prospectus dated 5 March 2021 [and the supplemental base prospectus[es] dated [●][and [●]] in order to obtain 
all the relevant information which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus] (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein 
for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to 
obtain all the relevant information.1
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a 
base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base prospectus with an earlier date 
were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.]
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) set forth 
in the base prospectus dated 5 November 2020 which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 5 March 
2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 5 March 2021 [and the supplement[s] thereto 
dated [•]] in order to obtain all the relevant information which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes 
of the EU Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”), save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the base 
prospectus dated 5 November 2020.]
The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Issuer (www.upm.com) and the website of Euronext Dublin 
(www.ise.ie). 
The expression “EU Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the 
paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.]
1.
Issuer:
UPM-Kymmene Corporation
2.
(i)
Series Number:
[●]
(ii)
Tranche Number:
[●]
[(iii)
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible:
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with the [●] on 
[[●]/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
22 below [which is expected to occur on or about [●]].]
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[●]
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
[●]
(i)
Series:
[●]
(ii)
Tranche:
[●]
1 Language to be removed if Notes are unlisted.

--- Page 62 ---
60
5.
Issue Price:
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [●]]
6.
(i)
Specified Denominations:
[●]
(ii)
Calculation Amount:
[●]
7.
(i)
Issue Date:
[●]
(ii)
Interest 
Commencement 
Date:
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] ]
8.
Maturity Date:
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year]
9.
Interest Basis:
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[●][●] [EURIBOR/LIBOR/STIBOR]+/– [●] per cent. Floating 
Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
(see paragraph [14/15/16] below)
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [●]/[100] per cent. 
of their nominal amount.
11.
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis:
[Specify the date when any Fixed to floating rate change occurs 
or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and identify there/Not 
Applicable]
12.
Put/Call Options:
[Not Applicable]
[Put Option]
[Call Option]
[Clean-up Call]
[(See paragraph [17/18/19] below)]
13.
(i) 
Status of the Notes:
Senior
(ii) 
[[Date [Board] approval for 
[●] 
issuance 
of 
Notes] 
obtained:]
[●]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date
OR
[Initial Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum]
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[●] in each year
(iii)
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iv)
Broken Amount(s):
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [●]

--- Page 63 ---
61
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / other]
15.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Specified Period:
[●]
(ii)
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates:
[●]
(iii)
[First Interest Payment Date]:
[●]
(iv)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention/ Preceding 
Business Day Convention]
(v)
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/[●]]
(vi)
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]
(vii)
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Fiscal 
Agent]):
[●] shall be the Calculation Agent
(viii)
Screen Rate Determination:
•
Reference Rate:
[●][●] [EURIBOR/ LIBOR/STIBOR]
•
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[●]/[●] London Banking Days prior to the end of each Interest 
Period] 
•
Relevant 
Screen 
Page:
[●]
•
Relevant Time:
[●]
•
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:
[●]
(ix)
ISDA Determination:
•
Floating 
Rate 
Option:
[●]
•
Designated 
Maturity:
[●]
•
Reset Date:
[●]
•
ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement:
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(x)
[Linear interpolation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest 
period)] 
(xi)
Margin(s):
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum

--- Page 64 ---
62
(xii)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less than zero] / [The 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less than [●] per cent. per 
annum]
(xiii)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(xiv)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)]/[other]
[(xv)
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the amount of 
interest payable for any Rate 
Adjustment 
under 
Condition 6(e): 
[The Fiscal Agent/other] shall be the Calculation Agent.]
16.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Accrual Yield:
[●] per cent. per annum
(ii)
Reference Price:
(iii)
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amount:
[●]
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)]/[other]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
17.
Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount[/Make-whole Redemption Price] 
[(in the case of the Optional Redemption Dates falling on [●]]/[in 
the period from and including [date]] 
[(iii)
Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Price:
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount / Sterling 
Make Whole Redemption Amount/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs(a) – (c) of 
this paragraph)
[(a)
Reference Bond:
[Insert applicable Reference Bond]]
[(b)
Quotation Time:
[●]]
[(c)
Redemption Margin:
[●] per cent.]
[(d)
Determination Date:
[●]]
[(e)
Reference Dealers:
[●]]
[(f) 
Par 
Redemption 
Date:
[●]/Not Applicable]
(iii)
Redemption in part:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(a)
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[●]

--- Page 65 ---
63
(b)
Maximum 
Redemption Amount
[●] 
(iv)
Clean-Up Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(v)
Notice period:
[●]
18.
Put Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s):
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
Notice period:
[●]
19.
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount
20.
Early Redemption Amount
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or other early 
redemption:
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
21.
Form of Notes:
Bearer Notes:
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [●] days’ 
notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[●] days’ notice]
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [●] 
days’ notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note]
Registered Notes:
[Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates on [●] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances described in the Global Registered Note]
[and]
Global Registered Note [(U.S.$/Euro [●] nominal amount)] 
registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under 
the New Safekeeping Structure).]
22.
New Global Note:
[Yes] [No]

--- Page 66 ---
64
23.
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates:
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph relates to 
the date of payment, and not the end dates of interest periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraph 15(v) relates]
24.
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature):
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, more 
than 27 coupon payments are left.]
Signed on behalf of UPM-Kymmene Corporation:
By:
............................................
Duly authorised

--- Page 67 ---
65
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING
(i)
Admission to Trading:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin with effect 
from [●].] [Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext 
Dublin with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.]
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original 
Notes are already admitted to trading.)
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading:
[●]
2.
[RATINGS
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated]/[The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]:
Ratings:
[Standard & Poor’s: [●]]
[Moody’s: [●]]
[Fitch: [●]]
[[Other]: [●]]
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”).
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation but has applied for registration
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the “EU CRA Regulation”), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been provided by 
the [relevant competent authority] /[European Securities and 
Markets Authority].
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation and not applied for registration
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”).
Option 4 - CRA not established in the EEA but relevant rating 
is endorsed by a CRA which is established and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but the rating it has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”).
Option 5 - CRA is not established in the EEA and relevant rating 
is not endorsed under the EU CRA Regulation but CRA is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation

--- Page 68 ---
66
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but is certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”).
Option 6 - CRA neither established in the EEA nor certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not 
endorsed under the EU CRA Regulation  
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA and is not certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.
[Insert explanation of the meaning of ratings]]
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the statement below:)
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, 
and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend 
as appropriate if there are other interests)]
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.)]
4.
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD
Indication of yield:
[●]
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield.]
5.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN:
[●]
Common Code:
[●]
CFI:
[●]
FISN:
[●]
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
[[●]/Not Applicable]
Relevant Benchmark[s]:
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat 
as 
necessary]. 
As 
at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended]/ [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name of administrator] 
is not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if

--- Page 69 ---
67
located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable]
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility:
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] [include this 
text for registered notes] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of these 
Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] [include this text 
for registered notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]
6.
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of Distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
[Not Applicable/give names]
(ii)
If syndicated:
(A)
Names of Dealers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(B)
Stabilisation 
Manager(s), if any:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(iii)
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer:
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[Reg S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA C / TEFRA D / TEFRA 
not applicable] – Not Rule 144A Eligible]
(v)
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, or 
the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared, “Not Applicable” should 
be specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products, 
and no key information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.)]
(vi)
[Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, or 
the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products, and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)]
7.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF 
PROCEEDS

--- Page 70 ---
68
Reasons for the offer:
[●] [Give details] [for example, if the
Notes are being issued as Green Bonds]
Estimated net proceeds:
[●]

--- Page 71 ---
69
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note 
is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper.
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered Note is for the time being 
registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held by or on behalf of a depositary or a 
common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or 
common depositary or common safekeeper.
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each an “Accountholder”) must look 
solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for 
such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by the Issuer to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered 
Note and in relation to all other rights arising under such Global Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and 
the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note or Global Registered Note 
will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other 
relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global 
Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes 
and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered 
Note.
Transfers of Interests in Global Notes and Global Registered Notes 
Transfers of interests in Global Notes and Global Registered Notes within Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
other relevant clearing system will be in accordance with their respective rules and operating procedures. None of the 
Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records of any 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system or any of their respective participants 
relating to payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in a Global Note or Global Registered Note or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any of the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant 
clearing system or the records of their respective participants relating to such beneficial ownership interests.
For a further description of restrictions on the transfer of Notes, see “Subscription and Sale” and “Transfer Restrictions”.
Conditions Applicable to Global Notes
Each Global Note or Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions:
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or Coupon will be made against 
presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note 
or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the 
corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest 
is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule 
thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note or Global Registered Note, shall be: if the currency of payment is 
euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in 
each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each 
(if any) Additional Financial Centre.
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the 
Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System Business Day before 
the due date for such payment (the “Record Date”) where “Clearing System Business Day” means a day on which each 
clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being held is open for business.

--- Page 72 ---
70
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note must, within the period specified in the 
Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg and/or and other relevant clearing system 
specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be 
irrevocable and may not be withdrawn.
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note or Global Registered Note may be 
redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be 
redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion).
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by 
a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or Global Registered Note and the Permanent Global Note is 
(or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), or Global Registered Note is deposited with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to 
trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, such notices shall also be published in 
a leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland or published on the website of Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie). 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution: While any Global Note or Global Registered Note is held on behalf of a 
clearing system, then: 
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated through the 
electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and 
procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding 
(an “Electronic Consent” as defined in the Agency Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including matters that 
would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which a special quorum was 
satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, 
and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons, Talons and Receipts whether or not they 
participated in such Electronic Consent; and 
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written Resolution (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on consent or 
instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements 
to such Global Note or Global Registered Note and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such entitlement on 
behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that 
accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to 
give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued 
by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system 
(the “relevant clearing system”) and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder 
identified by the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner 
shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be 
defective. Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding 
for all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of 
electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of 
a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such 
holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected 
any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found 
to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 73 ---
71
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the general financing corporate purposes of the Issuer, or in 
respect of any Notes which are issued as Green Bonds in accordance with the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework to finance 
Eligible Projects and Assets. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will 
be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 74 ---
72
GREEN FINANCE FRAMEWORK
The Final Terms relating to a specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it is the Issuer’s intention to apply the proceeds 
of those Notes for projects that promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes in accordance with the Issuer’s 
Green Finance Framework. If the applicable Final Terms indicates that Notes are intended to constitute Green Bonds, the 
net proceeds of the Green Bonds will be used to finance or re-finance eligible projects and assets (the “Eligible Projects 
and Assets”) that have been evaluated and selected by the Issuer in accordance with the Green Finance Framework. 
Refinancing of eligible operating expenditures will have a look-back period of no longer than three years from the time of 
issuance. Green assets shall qualify without a specific look-back period provided that at the time of the issuance they follow 
the eligibility criteria listed in the Green Finance Framework.
Eligible Projects and Assets include expenditure for the following eligible categories (the “Eligible Categories”) 
sustainable forest management, climate positive products and solutions, pollution prevention and control (including waste 
management), water and wastewater management, energy efficiency initiatives and renewable energy.
The following table sets forth the use of proceeds for each of the Eligible Categories and represents a summary of 
information contained in the Green Finance Framework:
The Issuer 
Acts Through
Green Bond Principles 
Categories
Description
UN Sustainable Development 
Goals Mapping
FORESTS
Climate-
positive 
forestry
Environmentally 
sustainable management of 
living natural resources and 
land use
Sustainable forest management
Proceeds will be used to finance the acquisition, 
maintenance and management of forests certified under 
the Forest Stewardship Council (“FSC”) and the 
Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certification 
(“PEFC”).
Eligible Projects and Assets include, but are not limited 
to:

Sustainable 
certified 
forest
The holding value of forest areas certified 
by FSC, and PEFC in Finland.

Sustainable 
forest 
management
Maintenance 
and 
establishment 
of 
nurseries, new planting activities as well as 
maintenance and harvesting of sustainably 
managed certified forest.
Eco-efficient and/or circular 
economy adapted products, 
production technologies and 
processes
Climate positive products and solutions
Proceeds will be used to finance the development, 
operations, maintenance and expansion of the 
production of climate positive products and solutions.
Eligible Projects and Assets include, but are not limited 
to:

Development 
of 
beyond 
fossils
Investments in research and development to 
develop next-generation biochemicals and 
biofuels.

Biorefineries
The Issuer’s biorefinery will produce a 
range of 100 per cent. wood-based 
biochemical, which enable a transition from 
fossil 
raw 
materials 
to 
sustainable 
alternatives in various consumer-driven 
applications.
PRODUCTS
Innovate novel 
products
Pollution prevention and 
control
Pollution prevention and control, including waste 
management
Proceeds will be used to finance the reduction of the 
Issuer’s environmental impact and improvement of the 
environmental performance of its operations.
Eligible Projects and Assets include, but are not limited 
to:

Air 
and 
waste 
management
Investments related to reduction of air 
(NOx, 
SO2) 
emissions 
and 
waste 
management.

--- Page 75 ---
73
The Issuer 
Acts Through
Green Bond Principles 
Categories
Description
UN Sustainable Development 
Goals Mapping

Investments 
in 
research 
and 
development
Financing initiatives targeting circular 
economy and eco-labelled products, as well 
as projects that explore new sustainable, 
wood-based 
alternatives 
such 
as 
biocomposites and biomedicals.
Sustainable water and 
wastewater management
Water and wastewater management
Proceeds will finance the reduction of water use and 
management of wastewater from the Issuer’s 
operations.
Eligible Projects and Assets include, but are not limited 
to:

Water 
treatment 
plants
Investments and management of effluent 
treatment systems, wastewater treatment 
plants and protection of soil or groundwater 
projects.

Restoration 
of 
aquatic 
ecosystems
Migrating fish programs to restore the 
natural reproduction cycle of migratory fish 
stocks in watercourses including practical 
local projects and research activities to 
promote fish migration.
Energy efficiency
Energy efficiency initiatives
Proceeds will be used to finance energy efficiency 
projects with a minimum improvement of 25 per cent. 
Eligible Projects and Assets include, but are not limited 
to:

Various 
initiatives 
and 
projects
Projects, initiatives and processes such as 
lighting, 
new 
technologies, 
efficient 
management systems and more.
EMISSIONS
65 per cent. 
less CO2 
emissions
Renewable energy
Renewable energy 
Proceeds will be used for development, operations and 
maintenance of renewable energy solutions.
Eligible Projects and Assets include, but are not limited 
to:

Renewable 
energy 
boilers
Investments in renewable energy boilers 
utilizing wood waste, e.g. bark, from FSC 
(PEFC in Finland) certified forests and 
other mill residues as feedstock.

Excess 
energy 
from 
pulp 
mills
Distribution of surplus energy generated 
from fossil-free feedstock.

Hydro 
and 
solar 
power
The 
acquisition, 
maintenance 
and 
refurbishment of hydro and solar power 
plants owned and operated by UPM Energy.
The use of net proceeds from green finance instruments will be subject to specific eligibility criteria to be applied to new 
or existing assets or projects, as detailed in the Green Finance Framework. 
Until the net proceeds of relevant green finance instruments have been fully allocated to the Eligible Project(s) and Asset(s), 
the balance of unallocated net proceeds will be held in accordance with the Issuer’s liquidity management policy.
The Green Finance Framework is based on the Green Bond Principles (updated as of June 2018) published by the 
International Capital Markets Association (the “Green Bond Principles”) and the Green Loan Principles (updated as of 
May 2020) published by the Loan Market Association, the Asia Pacific Loan Market Association and the Loan Syndications 
and Trading Association (the “Green Loan Principles”). UPM has engaged CICERO Shades of Green (“CICERO”) to

--- Page 76 ---
74
act as an external verifier of the Green Finance Framework and the Eligible Projects and Assets, and CICERO has provided 
a second party opinion. CICERO has given UPM’s Green Finance Framework the rating CICERO Dark Green. This rating 
takes into account the governance structure of the Green Finance Framework. CICERO has rated the governance procedure 
in the Green Finance Framework as excellent. 
The following table sets forth the green shading of each of the Eligible Categories:
Eligible Category
Green Shading
Sustainable forest management
Dark Green
Climate positive products and solutions
Dark Green
Pollution prevention and control, including waste management
Light to Medium Green
Water and wastewater management
Light to Medium Green
Energy efficiency initiatives
Light to Medium Green
Renewable energy and waste to energy
Dark Green
The Issuer has designed and implemented a process to ensure that only projects aligned with the criteria set out in the Green 
Finance Framework are selected as Eligible Projects and Assets. The Issuer has established a green finance committee (the 
“Green Finance Committee”) to oversee the process. The Green Finance Committee consists of members from the 
following teams of the Issuer: (i) treasury, (ii) responsibility, (iii) investor relations and (iv) finance. The representative 
from the Treasury team is the chair of the Green Finance Committee and the representative from the Responsibility team 
holds a veto right. The Green Finance Committee meets at least once a year.
The Issuer will establish a green finance register in relation to issued green finance instruments for the purpose of 
monitoring the Eligible Projects and Assets and the allocation of the net proceeds from green finance instruments to Eligible 
Projects and Assets.
The Issuer will annually publish a report on the allocation and impact of green finance instruments issued under the Green 
Finance Framework. Where relevant, the Issuer will seek to align the reporting with the latest standards and practices as 
identified by the International Capital Markets Association and the guidelines in the Nordic Public Sector Issuers Position 
Paper on Green Bond Impact Reporting. The allocation report will, to the extent feasible, include the following components: 
(i) a list of all Eligible Projects and Assets funded, including amounts allocated, (ii) detailed descriptions and case studies 
of selected Eligible Projects and Assets financed and (iii) amounts invested in each category and the relative share of new 
financing versus refinancing. In the impact report, the Issuer will strive to report on the actual environmental impact of the 
investments financed by its green finance instruments. If or when actual impact is for some reason not observable, or proves 
unreasonably difficult to establish, the estimated impact will be reported. The impact report will, to the extent feasible, also 
include a section on methodology, baselines and assumptions used in impact calculations.
The Green Finance Framework, CICERO second party opinion and information on the Eligible Projects and Assets are 
published on the Issuer’s website. The Issuer may amend or update the Green Finance Framework in the future. Any 
changes to the Green Finance Framework would be publicly announced on the Issuer’s website.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Green Finance Framework, CICERO second party opinion and information on the Eligible 
Projects and Assets on the Issuer’s website are not incorporated by reference into, and do not form part of, this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 77 ---
75
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
Overview 
UPM-Kymmene Corporation (the “Company”), together with its consolidated subsidiaries “UPM” or the “Group”, is a 
global forest-based bioindustry group. UPM’s large product range covers pulp, graphic papers and specialty papers, self-
adhesive labels, wood-based renewable diesel, electricity as well as plywood and timber products. UPM constantly looks 
for new business opportunities and end-uses of forest biomass to replace fossil-based materials and to meet the growing 
global consumer demand. UPM delivers renewable and responsible solutions across its business areas that are UPM 
Biorefining, UPM Energy, UPM Raflatac, UPM Specialty Papers, UPM Communication Papers, UPM Plywood and Other 
Operations. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, UPM has 51 production plants in 12 countries and its most important 
markets are Europe, North America and Asia. For the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, UPM had 
sales of EUR 8.6 billion and EUR 10.2 billion, respectively. UPM’s total assets amounted to EUR 14.9 billion as at 
31 December 2020 and EUR 14.7 billion as at 31 December 2019. UPM had 18,014 employees at the end of 2020.
UPM-Kymmene Corporation is a public limited liability company that was registered with the Finnish Trade Register on 
30 April 1996 under the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006, as amended) with business identity code 1041090-0. The 
Company’s legal entity identifier (LEI) is 213800EC6PW5VU4J9U64. The Company’s shares are listed on Nasdaq 
Helsinki Ltd and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company has a total of 533,735,699 shares issued and 
outstanding, and its share capital is EUR 889,572,283.00.
According to the Company’s Articles of Association, the Company’s field of activity is directly, or through its subsidiaries 
or affiliated companies, to engage in forestry and forest, packaging, chemical and energy industries, to provide related 
services and to engage in other related business activities, to own, possess and trade in real estate, commodities, shares and 
other securities and to engage in other investment activities.
The Company’s registered office is at Alvar Aallon katu 1, FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland, and its switchboard telephone 
number is +358 204 15 111.
History
On 30 April 1996, UPM-Kymmene Corporation was incorporated as a result of the merger of two Finnish companies, 
Kymmene Corporation (“Kymmene”) and Repola Ltd (“Repola”). Prior to the merger, United Paper Mills Ltd (“United 
Paper Mills”) had been a paper and forest products subsidiary of Repola. 
Kymmene’s origins date back to 1872. Kymmene made its first international acquisition in 1932. In the 1960s, Kymmene 
expanded its operations into Germany through the construction of Nordland Papier and into France through the acquisition 
of Papeteries Boucher S,A. In the 1980s, Kymmene merged with the Finnish forest industry company Oy Kaukas Ab, built 
a new light-weight coated paper mill in Irvine in Scotland (Caledonian Paper), and acquired the Finnish forest industry 
company Oy Wilh. Schauman Ab. In the 1990s, Kymmene acquired the French newsprint producer Chapelle Darblay S.A. 
The predecessor companies of Repola were founded in the late nineteenth century. In 1920, the ownership of three paper 
mills was consolidated to form United Paper Mills. During the decades that followed, United Paper Mills expanded its 
operations, reaching new markets throughout Europe. Rauma Repola Oy (“Rauma Repola”) had become, over the 
decades, an international forest products and engineering company. In 1990, United Paper Mills and Rauma Repola merged 
to form the international forest products and engineering group Repola. All engineering operations of the merged 
companies were combined to form Rauma Corporation and their forest industry operations were combined within United 
Paper Mills.
As part of its strategy UPM, has made several acquisitions in its history, such as Blandin Paper Company in the United 
States in 1997, Changshu paper mill in China in 2000, Miramichi paper and pulp mills in Canada in 2000, Haindl paper 
mills in Germany in 2001, Myllykoski Oyj in Finland and Rhein Papier GmbH in Germany in 2011 including the Ettringen, 
Hürth and Plattling paper mills. UPM became a more prominent competitor in plywood production when it acquired the 
Otepää mill in Estonia in 2003 and the Chudovo mill in Russia in 2005. UPM has also divested certain non-core businesses. 
By the mid-2000s, UPM had sold around twenty non-core mills and companies. Instead of cardboard and plastic packaging, 
UPM decided to specialise in self-adhesive labels (within its business area UPM Raflatac) and release liners (within its 
business area UPM Specialty Papers).
UPM’s portfolio development and strategic transformation was intensified when it became apparent that digitalisation 
would permanently reduce the demand for paper. The closing of the Voikkaa, Miramichi and Kajaani paper mills triggered 
a transformation in UPM’s operations. UPM started to envision a future based on innovations developed from fibre, wood 
chemicals and biomass. UPM’s pulp and energy operations, previously considered support functions, became market-
driven businesses in 2008. The strategic transformation continued with a new identity and strategy in 2009, when UPM 
became “The Biofore Company”. The current business structure was introduced in 2013. See “—Business Strategy— UPM 
Biofore – Beyond Fossils” below.

--- Page 78 ---
76
The first significant steps in the implementation of the new strategy were the acquisition of the full ownership in the Fray 
Bentos pulp mill in Uruguay in 2009, the commencement of biocomposite production, the rapid expansion of the label 
business and the construction of a biofuel refinery in Lappeenranta, which began its operations in 2015. In 2018, UPM 
introduced the promise ‘UPM Biofore – Beyond Fossils’ that summarises UPM’s strategic direction. Continuing to 
implement its strategy, UPM made the decision in 2019 to build a second pulp mill in Uruguay. In 2020, UPM announced 
its intention to take its next transformative growth step by entering the biochemicals business by investing in a biorefinery 
in Germany and in January 2021, UPM announced that it moves forward with its biofuels growth plan and starts the basic 
engineering phase of a next generation biorefinery. For more information, see “—Business Strategy—UPM Biofore – 
Beyond Fossils—Spearheads for Growth” below.
Over the past decade, UPM has continuously reduced its graphic paper capacity and taken measures to improve its cost 
efficiency. At the same time, UPM has invested in the other businesses, where long-term fundamentals for demand growth 
are positive and profitability on average has been higher than in the mature graphic paper business. In its investments, UPM 
applies conservative financial policies and strict criteria. These actions have significantly increased the share of growing, 
more profitable businesses in the UPM business portfolio and UPM has defined high value fibre, molecular bioproducts 
and specialty packaging materials being its main strategic focus areas with most significant growth potential. For more 
information on the strategic focus areas, see “—Business Strategy—UPM Biofore – Beyond Fossils—Spearheads for 
Growth” below. During this process, UPM has deleveraged its balance sheet and its net debt was EUR 56 million as at 
31 December 2020.
Business Areas
General
UPM consists of six separate business areas. Each business area is responsible for executing its own strategy and achieving 
the targets set for the business area. Group direction and support from global functions enable the businesses to capture 
benefits from UPM’s brand, scale and integration, while navigating the complex operating environment. Capital allocation 
decisions take place at the group level.
The following table sets forth UPM’s sales by business area for the years indicated:
 
For the year 
ended 31 December
2020
2019
(EUR in millions)
Business Area
UPM Biorefining............................................................................................................................................
2,183
2,712
UPM Energy...................................................................................................................................................
379
417
UPM Raflatac .................................................................................................................................................
1,560
1,555
UPM Specialty Papers....................................................................................................................................
1,324
1,412
UPM Communication Papers .........................................................................................................................
3,333
4,552
UPM Plywood ................................................................................................................................................
405
450
Other Operations.............................................................................................................................................
225
264
Eliminations and reconciliations(1) .................................................................................................................
 (828)
(1,125)
Total...............................................................................................................................................................
8,580
10,238
___________
(1)
Includes the elimination of internal sales and internal inventory margin and the changes in fair value of unrealised cash flow and commodity 
hedges that are not allocated to segments.
UPM Biorefining
UPM Biorefining business area consists of the business units UPM Pulp, UPM Timber and UPM Biofuels.
UPM Pulp
UPM Pulp serves the global market with a comprehensive assortment of sustainably produced eucalyptus, birch and 
softwood pulp grades for a variety of tissue paper, specialty paper, packaging board, labels, printing and writing paper and 
other applications. UPM has three pulp mills in Finland and one mill and plantation operations in Uruguay. UPM Pulp is 
among ten of the world’s largest pulp producers with the production capacity of 3.7 million tonnes, and UPM is building a 
2.1 million tonne greenfield eucalyptus pulp mill near Paso de los Toros in central Uruguay. The total investment of 
USD 3 billion also includes a pulp terminal in the port of Montevideo as well as investments in local facilities in Paso de 
los Toros. The investment is expected to raise UPM’s pulp production by more than 50 per cent. The mill is expected to 
start-up in the second half of 2022.

--- Page 79 ---
77
UPM Timber
UPM Timber offers certified sawn timber from Nordic pine and spruce to joinery, packaging, furniture, distribution and 
construction industries. UPM Timber is a significant Nordic sawn timber producer with an annual production capacity of 
1.5 million cubic meters of sawn timber. UPM operates four sawmills in Finland.
UPM Biofuels
UPM Biofuels produces wood-based renewable diesel for all diesel engines and renewable naphtha that can, for example, 
be used as a biocomponent for gasoline or for replacing fossil raw materials in the petrochemical industry. UPM operates 
one biorefinery in Finland and the products are sold in Finland, Scandinavia and the EU. The main customers are fuel 
distributors and the transportation, oil and petrochemical industries. In January 2021, UPM announced that it moves 
forward with its biofuels growth plans and starts the basic engineering phase of a next generation biorefinery that is 
excepted to have an annual capacity of 500,000 tonnes of high-quality renewable fuels, including jet fuel.
UPM Energy
UPM Energy seeks to create value through cost competitive, low-emission and zero-carbon electricity generation and 
through physical and financial electricity trading as well as energy optimisation services for industrial customers in the 
Nordic market. UPM Energy is the second largest electricity producer in Finland. UPM’s power generation capacity 
consists of hydropower, nuclear power and condensing power.
UPM Raflatac
UPM Raflatac manufactures self-adhesive label materials for product and information labelling in the food, beverage, 
personal care, pharmaceutical and retail segments. UPM Raflatac is the world’s second-largest producer of self-adhesive 
label materials with ten factories and 28 slitting and distribution terminals on all continents. The customers include label 
printers, converters, packers, brand owners in food, beverage, home and personal care, pharmaceutical, retail, logistics, 
durables, tyres and A4 segments. 
UPM Specialty Papers
UPM’s Specialty Papers offers labelling materials and release liner base papers, flexible packaging papers as well as office 
and graphic papers for labelling, commercial siliconising, packaging, office use and printing. The production plants are 
located in Finland, Germany and China. UPM Specialty Papers is the market leader in labelling materials and release liner 
base papers globally as well as in high-quality office papers in China. The customers include paper converters, merchants, 
distributors, retailers, printers, publishers, label stock manufacturers and commercial siliconisers.
UPM Communication Papers
UPM Communication Papers offers an extensive product range of graphic papers for advertising and publishing as well as 
home and office uses. UPM Communication Papers is Europe’s largest producer of magazine, newsprint and fine papers 
with extensive low-cost operations consisting of 14 efficient paper mills in Europe and the United States, a global sales 
network and an efficient logistic system. The main customers are publishers, cataloguers, retailers, printers and merchants.
UPM Plywood
UPM Plywood offers plywood and veneer products, mainly for construction, vehicle flooring, liquefied natural gas (LNG) 
shipbuilding and parquet industries, as well as other industrial applications. The eight plywood mills are located in Finland, 
Estonia and Russia. With the production capacity of approximately one million cubic metres, UPM Plywood is the global 
market leader in LNG plywood and the market leader in Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) with high and mid 
segments.
Other Operations
UPM Other Operations consist of the business units UPM Forest, UPM Biocomposites, UPM Biochemicals, UPM 
Biomedicals as well as group services.
UPM Forest
UPM Forest sources competitive wood and biomass for UPM businesses and manages UPM-owned and privately-owned 
forests in North Europe. In addition, UPM Forest offers forestry services to forest owners and forest investors. UPM owns 
forest land in Finland and in the United States and purchases wood and biomass in 11 countries. UPM is one of the largest 
private forest owners in Finland.

--- Page 80 ---
78
UPM Biocomposites
UPM Biocomposites develops, manufactures, markets, and sells sustainable composite products for various uses in outdoor 
building material and consumer products. UPM Biocomposites consists of UPM ProFi outdoor products for construction 
and UPM Formi granulates for injection moulding and extrusion. The principle ingredients of UPM ProFi and UPM Formi 
composites are cellulose fibres and polymers, which are either virgin or recycled. UPM ProFi products are used for decking 
and other outdoor end uses. UPM Formi composite can be used to replace plastic in many applications, from furniture to 
consumer electronics. UPM Biocomposites has production plants in Germany and in Finland and the products are sold in 
Europe.
UPM Biochemicals
UPM Biochemicals produces wood-based lignin products for industrial use. UPM Biochemicals is a new business unit, in 
which extensive research and product development is carried out, both internally and with external partners. Wood-based 
renewable biochemicals offer sustainable and competitive high-quality solutions for replacing fossil-based raw materials. 
In January 2020, UPM decided to invest EUR 550 million to construct a new-to-the-world industrial scale biorefinery in 
Germany, scheduled to start production in the end of 2022. The biorefinery will convert solid wood into next generation 
biochemicals: bio-monoethylene glycol (BioMEG) and lignin-based renewable functional fillers. In addition, the 
biorefinery will produce bio-monopropylene glycol (Bio MPG) and industrial sugars. Application areas for bio-
monoethylene glycol include textiles, polyethylene terephthalate bottles, packaging, and de-icing fluids. Lignin-based 
renewable functional fillers are used in different rubber applications as a sustainable alternative to carbon black and silica. 
Bio-monopropylene glycol is used for example in composites, cosmetics, detergents and the pharmaceuticals industry. See 
also “—Business Strategy—UPM Biofore – Beyond Fossils—Spearheads for Growth—Molecular Bioproducts” below.
UPM Biomedicals
UPM Biomedicals develops and supplies innovative and sustainable wood-based biomedical products for a variety of uses. 
UPM Biomedicals is a new business unit, in which extensive research and product development is carried out, both 
internally and with external partners. Its high-quality products are prepared from birch wood pulp and have been proven to 
be highly biocompatible with human cells and tissues.
Business Strategy
UPM Biofore – Beyond Fossils
UPM believes that global megatrends, such as urbanisation and the growing middle class, represent many long-term growth 
opportunities for UPM’s businesses. Furthermore, UPM sees that mitigating climate change and answering the increasingly 
challenging sustainability commitments by consumer product companies and consumers promote the need for renewable, 
recyclable low-impact solutions. As a leading player in the forest-based bioindustry, UPM constantly looks for new 
business opportunities and end-uses of forest biomass to replace fossil-based materials and to meet the growing global 
consumer demand. Creating shareholder value is at the core of UPM’s strategy, and UPM believes that Beyond Fossils 
actions also benefit other stakeholders and society in the long term.
Strategic Focus Areas
UPM believes that UPM’s portfolio consists of businesses with strong long-term fundamentals for demand growth and 
high barriers to entry. Performance, growth, innovation and responsibility are the cornerstones UPM builds on. UPM seeks 
to create value by seizing the potential of the bioeconomy, focusing on the following five strategic areas:
●
Performance: Aiming for continuous improvement in financial performance with the right operating model and a 
focus on commercial excellence, performance culture, high-performing people, and the efficient use of assets and 
capital.
●
Growth: Targeting focused growth projects and transformative projects for earnings growth. UPM believes that 
UPM is in a unique position to open new large markets by offering renewable solutions to replace fossil-based 
materials.
●
Innovation: Replacement of fossil-based materials with bio-based alternatives presents major opportunities for 
value creation. Developing products, services and processes is key in improving resource efficiency, sustainability 
and competitiveness.
●
Responsibility: Creating value for society – both as a company and through renewable and responsible solutions 
– is an integral part of UPM’s strategy. The bioeconomy offers new opportunities for value creation and business 
growth.

--- Page 81 ---
79
●
Portfolio: Developing businesses with strong long-term fundamentals for demand growth and sustainable 
competitive advantage.
Spearheads for Growth
UPM has defined three focus areas where it seeks significant growth in the coming years. Key factors for these focus areas 
are significant growth potential and UPM’s competitive advantage based on deep knowhow and a high barrier to entry.
High Value Fibre
Global consumer megatrends and the need to find more sustainable alternatives for fossil-based materials support demand 
growth for market pulp. UPM is investing USD 2.7 billion in a new world-class pulp mill in central Uruguay with a 
production capacity of 2.1 million tonnes of eucalyptus pulp. When in operation, the mill will also generate more than 110 
megawatts of surplus renewable electricity. The investment will raise UPM’s pulp production capacity by more than 
50 per cent. and significantly contribute to future earnings. With a combination of competitive wood supply, scale, best 
available techniques and efficient logistics, the mill is expected by UPM to reach a highly competitive cash cost level of 
approximately USD 280 per delivered tonne of pulp. The mill is scheduled to start up in the second half of 2022. UPM will 
also invest approximately USD 280 million in port operations in Montevideo and USD 70 million in local investments 
outside the mill fence, including in a new residential area. Eucalyptus availability for the mill is secured through plantations 
owned or leased by UPM as well as through wood sourcing agreements with private partners. The plantations that UPM 
owns or leases in Uruguay cover over 434,000 hectares, supplying the Fray Bentos pulp mill and the new mill near Paso 
de los Toros. An efficient logistics chain will be secured by agreed road improvements, extensive railway modernisation 
and port terminal construction.
Molecular Bioproducts
UPM has been developing technologies to produce sustainable alternatives for fossil fuels and fossil-based chemicals. New 
large value creation opportunities may open by decarbonising traffic and providing consumers with more sustainable 
products.
UPM Biochemicals is investing EUR 550 million in a next-generation biochemical refinery in Leuna, Germany, with a 
total annual capacity of 220,000 tonnes. The facility is scheduled to start up by the end of 2022. The biorefinery will 
produce a range of 100 per cent. wood-based biochemicals, which will enable a switch from fossil raw materials to 
sustainable alternatives in various consumer-driven end-uses. The investment opens entirely new markets for UPM, with 
expected growth potential for the future. An industrial scale biorefinery will convert solid wood into next generation 
biochemicals: bio-monoethylene glycol and lignin-based renewable functional fillers. In addition, the biorefinery will 
produce bio-monopropylene glycol industrial sugars. End-use segments include textiles, polyethylene terephthalate bottles, 
packaging, de-icing products, composites, resins and fillers. UPM expects that a combination of sustainable wood supply, 
unique technology concept, integration into existing infrastructure at Leuna as well as the proximity to customers would 
ensure competitiveness of operations. 
In January 2021, UPM announced that it moves forward with its biofuels growth plans and starts the basic engineering 
phase of a next generation biorefinery. During this phase, UPM Biofuels is proceeding with a detailed commercial and 
basic engineering study to define the business case, select the innovative technology option and estimate the investment 
need. During the study, UPM will also review the operating environment primarily in two locations: Kotka, Finland, and 
Rotterdam, the Netherlands. The potential biorefinery would have the capacity to produce approximately 500,000 tonnes 
of unique, advanced renewable fuels and naphtha for use in road transportation, aviation and petrochemicals. The products 
are expected to reduce carbon footprint in road transportation and aviation, as well as replace fossil raw materials with 
renewable alternatives in chemicals and bioplastics.
Specialty Packaging Materials
Global consumer megatrends are driving demand for sustainable and safe labelling and packaging solutions. UPM believes 
that UPM’s strong position and innovations in these technically demanding and fast-growing niche segments of the 
packaging value chain provide attractive growth opportunities.
Sustainability and UPM’s Responsibility Targets
UPM’s Biofore strategy guides UPM in achieving its responsibility targets that at the same time contribute to many of the 
Sustainable Development Goals set by the UN. As a longstanding member of Global Compact initiative and as a Global 
Compact LEAD company since 2016, UPM complies with the United Nations 10 universal principles regarding human 
rights, labour standards, the environment and anti-corruption.

--- Page 82 ---
80
UPM’s responsibility focus areas are divided into economic, social and environmental responsibility. For each focus area, 
UPM has determined the respective targets and key performance indicators. The focus areas, as well as the targets, are 
updated annually. UPM’s environmental and corporate responsibility reporting is integrated into its annual report.
Forests, wood-based products and low-carbon energy have a significant role, both in mitigating the effects of climate 
change and in the company strategy. UPM is committed to the UN’s Business Ambition for 1.5°C pledge to pursue science-
based measures to limit global temperature rise to 1.5°C. UPM is uniquely positioned to reach carbon neutrality by climate-
positive land use, reduced emissions and climate positive products.
Financial Targets
UPM has, as part of its overall business strategy, set itself the following long-term financial targets:
●
At the Group level, UPM is targeting comparable year-on year EBIT growth.
●
UPM aims for a 10 per cent. return on equity (“ROE”) each year. ROE also takes into account the financing, 
taxation and capital structure of the Group.
●
UPM aims to maintain a strong balance sheet. UPM’s financial policy on leverage is based on a net debt/EBITDA 
ratio of approximately 2 or less.
●
UPM has set long-term return on capital employed (“ROCE”) percentage targets for all business areas, except for 
UPM Communication Papers, where long-term target is set as free cash flow after investing activities and 
restructuring costs over capital employed. The long term ROCE percentage targets are 6 per cent. for UPM 
Energy, 14 per cent. for UPM Biorefining and UPM Specialty Papers, 18 per cent. for UPM Plywood and 
20 per cent. for UPM Raflatac. The free cash flow over capital employed target for UPM Communication Papers 
is 14 per cent.
These financial targets are not guarantees of future financial performance. UPM’s actual results of operations could 
differ materially from those expressed or implied by these targets as a result of many factors, including but not limited 
to described under “Risk Factors”. Any targets discussed herein are targets only and are not, and should not viewed as, 
forecasts, projections, estimates or views of the UPM’s future performance.
Trends
UPM believes that global megatrends present many long-term opportunities and challenges for UPM in the future. They 
also drive demand for sustainable solutions and responsible business practices. UPM follows global megatrends closely 
because they have a potential to create both challenges and new opportunities for UPM. UPM has identified the following 
five megatrends, including factors that will be of significance to UPM going forward:
Population growth, urbanisation and demographic change:
●
global consumer demand for a wide variety of products, such as daily consumer products, is set to grow 
significantly by 2030 due to, among others, increasing middle class and income levels, especially in Asia;
●
increasing global demand raises the importance of providing sustainable solutions for consumers;
●
reducing use of non-renewable materials; and
●
contributing positively to society.
Resource scarcity and the role of renewables:
● 
customers and consumers increasingly seek renewable and recyclable solutions;
●
competitive forest industry platform and access to sustainable feedstock enable business success; and
●
sustainable land use.
Climate change:
●
forests and wood-based products have a unique role in climate change mitigation;
●
business opportunities by decarbonisation of traffic and energy; and
●
transition to low-carbon economy.

--- Page 83 ---
81
Digitalisation:
●
digital innovations to support value creation and growth in demand for labelling, packaging, pulp and transport;
●
declining graphic paper consumption due to increasing use of digital media and collaboration;
●
customer focus; and
●
transforming processes and technology.
Responsibility and compliance:
●
responsible operations and value chain;
●
long-term business success, mitigating risks and capturing opportunities; and
●
high-performing people.
Legal Structure
UPM-Kymmene Corporation is the parent company of the Group. The Issuer’s operations are principally conducted 
through subsidiaries. Accordingly, the Issuer is, and will be, dependent on its subsidiaries’ operations to service its payment 
obligations in respect of the Notes. For a table of the Company’s significant subsidiaries and joint operations, see note 8.2 
to the Company’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus.
Asset Base
UPM’s assets primarily relate to its production facilities, forest assets and energy shareholdings. The value of UPM’s 
machinery and equipment, buildings, land and water areas, construction in progress and other tangible assets amounted to 
EUR 4,316 million as at 31 December 2020.
UPM is both a major forest owner and a purchaser of wood. Currently, UPM owns forest land in Finland and the United 
States, and plantation land in Uruguay. As at 31 December 2020, UPM owned 515,000 hectares of forest land in Finland, 
making it one of the largest private owners of forest land in Finland, and 76,000 hectares of forest land in the United States. 
In addition, UPM had 281,000 hectares of own plantation land and 153,000 hectares of leased plantation land in Uruguay.
In addition, UPM is both a significant purchaser and producer of energy. The majority of electrical and thermal energy is 
consumed in UPM’s pulp and paper production. The production of energy is mainly carried out by energy companies in 
which UPM has energy shareholdings. UPM’s largest energy shareholdings are in Pohjolan Voima Oyj (share series A, B 
and B2), Kemijoki Oyj and Länsi-Suomen Voima Oy. The energy companies supply energy or both energy and heat to 
their shareholders on a cost-price principle, also referred to as the Mankala-principle, which is widely applied in the Finnish 
energy industry. Under the Mankala-principle, energy and/or heat is supplied to the shareholders in proportion to their 
ownership and each shareholder is, pursuant to the specific stipulations of the respective Articles of Association, severally 
responsible for its respective share of the production costs of the energy company concerned.

--- Page 84 ---
82
Maturity Profile and Credit Facilities
The following chart sets forth the maturity profile of UPM’s outstanding debt and credit facilities as at 31 December 2020:
UPM has following committed credit facilities in place: a sustainability-linked five-year EUR 750 million revolving credit 
facility maturing in 2025, EUR 550 million bilateral credit facilities maturing 2023 and EUR 158 million equivalent rolling 
overdraft facility, maturing 2022.
Insurance
UPM believes that UPM and its subsidiaries maintain insurance coverage that reflects the requirements and the size of the 
parent company, business areas and subsidiaries concerned. Historically, UPM has maintained insurance in amounts and 
risk retention levels that UPM believes to be consistent with industry practices. UPM seeks to transfer insurable risks 
through insurance arrangements for any risks that exceed the defined tolerance. UPM’s insurance programme also provides 
coverage for insurable hazard risks, subject to insurance terms and conditions. UPM also has trade credit insurances to 
protect accounts receivables from significant credit losses. 
Research and Development
UPM believes that replacement of fossil-based materials with bio-based alternatives presents major opportunities for value 
creation. Developing products, services and processes is key to improving resource efficiency, sustainability and 
competitiveness. UPM develops new technologies and innovates ways to expand its offering with renewable products and 
solutions that can replace fossil-based materials. Research and development, bioeconomy innovations and new 
technologies support this transformation and expand UPM’s business portfolio. UPM is developing innovative and high-
quality products from wood-based biomass. Wood fibre, biomolecules, residues and side streams are becoming increasingly 
important raw materials of the future. 
Research and development funding is primarily being used on studying new technologies and developing businesses and 
processes. A global network of research centres provides support for UPM’s activities in research and development, both 
in new and existing businesses. For the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, UPM spent

--- Page 85 ---
83
EUR 189 million, or 19 per cent. of UPM’s operating cash flow, and EUR 121 million, or 7 per cent. of UPM’s operating 
cash flow, respectively, on research and development.
Employees
UPM believes that its people and their capabilities, integrity and drive set UPM apart and drive its success. As at 
31 December 2020, UPM had 18,014 employees in 46 countries (as at 31 December 2019, 18,742 employees in 
46 countries).
The following table sets forth UPM’s employees by region as at 31 December 2020:
As at 31 
December 
2020
Region
Finland...............................................................................................................................................................................
6,803
Germany ............................................................................................................................................................................
3,879
Other Europe......................................................................................................................................................................
3,702
China..................................................................................................................................................................................
1,618
Other Asia..........................................................................................................................................................................
227
North America ...................................................................................................................................................................
871
Uruguay .............................................................................................................................................................................
674
Rest of the world ..............................................................................................................................................................
     233
Total..................................................................................................................................................................................
18,014
A significant portion of UPM’s employees are represented by labour unions in the countries in which UPM operates. 
Legal Proceedings
General
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any proceedings which are pending or threatened 
of which the Company is aware) which may have, or have had during the past 12 months, a significant effect on the 
Company’s or the Group’s financial position or profitability.
Ownership Structure
The following table sets forth the Company’s ten largest shareholders as at 28 February 2021:
Shares
Share 
of votes
(per cent.)
Name
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken Ab (publ) Helsinki Branch(1)..............................................................
165,159,057
30.94
Nordea Bank Abp(1)................................................................................................................................
130,581,795
24.47
Citibank Europe Plc(1) ............................................................................................................................
31,848,374
5.97
Clearstream Banking S.A.(1)...................................................................................................................
14,822,490
2.78
Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company .....................................................................................
11,411,000
2.14
Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company..........................................................................................
8,169,340
1.53
Elo Mutual Pension Insurance Company ...............................................................................................
5,317,719
1.00
Euroclear Bank SA/NV(1).......................................................................................................................
4,767,672
0.89
The State Pension Fund..........................................................................................................................
3,437,531
0.64
OP-Finland .............................................................................................................................................
2,913,170
0.55
Other nominee-registered shareholders..................................................................................................
2,119,791
0.40
Other shareholders..................................................................................................................................
153,187,760
28.70
Total.......................................................................................................................................................
533,735,699
100.00
___________
Source:
Euroclear Finland Ltd.
(1)
Nominee-registered shareholders.

--- Page 86 ---
84
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GROUP EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT
General
Under the Finnish Companies Act and the Company’s Articles of Association, the Company’s control and governance is 
divided among the shareholders represented at the general meetings of shareholders, the Board of Directors and the 
President and Chief Executive Officer (the “CEO”). The CEO leads the Company’s day-to-day operations in accordance 
with the instructions and orders given by the Board of Directors. In addition, the Company has a Group Executive Team, 
which assists the CEO in the daily management of the Company and approves and executes group-level guidelines and 
procedures. The Board of Directors is responsible for the oversight and control of UPM and for ensuring that its 
administration and operations as well as control of its accounts and finances are duly in place. The Board of Directors 
approves the Company’s financial statements and other financial reports, determines the company’s dividend policy and 
makes a proposal to the annual general meeting of shareholders of the Company (the “Annual General Meeting”) for the 
distribution of profits and payment of dividend. The Board of Directors appoints and dismisses the CEO and appoints the 
members of the Group Executive Team.
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors and the Group Executive Team is Alvar Aallon katu 1, 
FI-00100, Helsinki, Finland.
Board of Directors
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors of the Company composes of ten members elected by the 
Annual General Meeting held on 31 March 2020 for a one-year term, which will end at the conclusion of the next Annual 
General Meeting.
The following table sets forth the members of the Company’s Board of Directors as at the date of this Base Prospectus:
Position
Citizenship
Year of 
birth
Björn Wahlroos.................................................................................
Chair
Finnish
1952
Berndt Brunow..................................................................................
Deputy Chair
Finnish
1950
Henrik Ehrnrooth ..............................................................................
Member
Finnish
1969
Emma FitzGerald..............................................................................
Member
British
1967
Piia-Noora Kauppi ............................................................................
Member
Finnish
1975
Marjan Oudeman...............................................................................
Member
Dutch
1958
Martin à Porta....................................................................................
Member
Swiss
1970
Ari Puheloinen ..................................................................................
Member
Finnish
1951
Veli-Matti Reinikkala .......................................................................
Member
Finnish
1957
Kim Wahl..........................................................................................
Member
Norwegian
1960
Björn Wahlroos has been the Chair and member of the Board of Directors of the Company since 2008. Mr. Wahlroos is 
also the Chair of the Board of Directors of Sampo plc, a member of the Board of Directors of the Finnish Business and 
Policy Forum EVA, a member of the Board of Directors of the Research Institute of the Finnish Economy ETLA and a 
member of the Board of Directors of the Mannerheim Foundation. Mr. Wahlroos was President and CEO of Sampo plc 
between 2001 and 2009, Chair of the Board of Directors of Mandatum Bank plc between 1998 and 2000, CEO and Vice 
Chair of the Board of Directors of Mandatum & Co Ltd between 1992 and 1997 and Executive Vice President and a 
member of the Executive Committee of the Union Bank of Finland between 1989 and 1992. Mr. Wahlroos holds a Doctor 
of Philosophy degree in Economics.
Berndt Brunow has been the Deputy Chair of the Board of Directors of the Company since 2005 and a member of the 
Board of Directors since 2002. Mr. Brunow is also the Chair of the Board of Directors of Oy Karl Fazer Ab. Mr. Brunow 
was President and CEO of Oy Karl Fazer Ab between 2002 and 2007 and President and CEO of Sanitec Corporation 
between 2000 and 2002. Mr. Brunow also has over 20 years of experience in executive positions at Finnpap and the 
Company. Mr. Brunow holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics. 
Henrik Ehrnrooth has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Company since 2015. Mr. Ehrnrooth is also the CEO 
of KONE Corporation, a member of the Foundation Board of the International Institute for Management Development 
(IMD) and a member of the European Round Table for Industry (ERT). Mr. Ehrnrooth was the CFO and Executive Board 
member of KONE Corporation between 2009 and 2014. He also held various positions in the Investment Banking Division 
of Goldman Sachs International between 1998 and 2009 and in UBS Limited, Corporate Finance between 1994 and 1998. 
Mr. Ehrnrooth holds a Master of Science degree in Economics.
Emma FitzGerald has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Company since 2020. Ms. FitzGerald is also the 
CEO and Executive Director of Puma Energy Ltd. and a member of the Oxford Sciences Innovation Advisory Board. 
Ms. FitzGerald was Executive Director leading water & waste services businesses and member of the Board of Directors

--- Page 87 ---
85
of Severn Trent plc between 2015 and 2018, CEO of Gas Distribution Networks of the UK National Grid between 2013 
and 2015, Vice President, Global Retail Network of Shell International Ltd between 2010 and 2013, Vice President, 
Downstream Strategy and Consultancy of Shell International Ltd between 2007 and 2010, Managing Director at Shell 
China / Hong Kong between 2004 and 2007 and Managing Director at Shell Gas Ltd. between 2001 and 2004. She also 
held sales and marketing roles at Shell International Ltd between 1992 and 2001. Ms. FitzGerald holds a Doctor of 
Philosophy degree in Surface Chemistry / Solid-state Physics and an MBA degree.
Piia-Noora Kauppi has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Company since 2013. Ms. Kauppi is also the 
Managing Director of Finance Finland (FFI), Chair of the Board of Directors of the SOS-Children’s Villages Foundation, 
a member of the Board of Directors of the Finnish Financial Ombudsman Bureau, a member of the Supervisory Board of 
the Helsinki Deaconess Institute, a member of the Supervisory Board of the Helsinki School of Economics Support 
Foundation and a member of the Executive Committee of the European Banking Federation. Ms. Kauppi was a member of 
the European Parliament and a member of various parliamentary committees between 1999 and 2008, Head of the Finnish 
Delegation in the EPP-ED Group between 2004 and 2008 and Legal Advisor for the Parliamentary Group of the National 
Coalition Party Kokoomus between 1997 and 1999. Ms. Kauppi holds a Master of Laws degree.
Marjan Oudeman has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Company since 2018. Ms. Oudeman is also a non-
executive director, a member of the Board of Directors of SHV Holdings NV, a member of the Board of Directors of Solvay 
SA, a member of the Board of Directors of Aalberts NV and a member of the Board of Directors of Novolipetsk Steel 
PJSC. Ms. Oudeman was a Supervisory Board member of Het Rijksmuseum between 2018 and 2020, the President of the 
Executive Board of Utrecht University between 2013 and 2017, Executive Committee member of AkzoNobel NV between 
2011 and 2013, Executive Director of the Strip Products Division and Executive Committee member at Tata Steel Europe 
between 2007 and 2010. She also held Managing Director positions at Corus Group Plc between 2000 and 2007 and various 
positions at Hoogovens Group NV between 1982 and 1999, most recently as Managing Director of Hoogovens Packaging 
Steel business. Ms. Oudeman holds an MBA degree and a Master of Laws degree.
Martin à Porta has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Company since 2020. Mr. à Porta is also a Senior 
Advisor. Mr. à Porta was EVP of ÅF Pöyry AB’s Management Consulting Division until 2019, President and CEO of 
Pöyry PLC between 2015 and 2019, CEO of Siemens Building Technologies Division Europe between 2012 and 2015, 
CEO of Siemens WLL in Qatar between 2010 and 2012, Senior Vice President, Fire Safety Solutions and Service and Head 
of Area Management Fire Safety at Siemens Building Technologies International between 2005 and 2010, Vice President, 
Area Manager for Siemens Fire Safety in Hong Kong and China between 2003 and 2004, Manager, Strategy and M&A at 
Siemens Building Technologies Ltd. between 2001 and 2003 and Head of Engineering Section and project manager at 
Electrowatt Engineering Ltd. between 1996 and 2000. Mr. à Porta holds a Master of Science degree in Engineering. 
Ari Puheloinen has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Company since 2014. Mr. Puheloinen is also a member 
of the Board of Directors of Patria Plc and a retired General. Mr. Puheloinen was Commander of the Finnish Defence 
Forces between 2009 and 2014, Chief of the Finnish Defence Command between 2007 and 2009, Commander of the 
Eastern Command between 2004 and 2007, Deputy Chief of Operations of the Finnish Defence Staff between 2000 and 
2003, Brigade Commander between 1999 and 2000, Principal Secretary of the Defence Council between 1997 and 1999 
and Assistant Defence Attaché in Moscow between 1986 and 1990. Mr. Puheloinen holds a General Staff Officer’s degree.
Veli-Matti Reinikkala has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Company since 2007. Mr. Reinikkala is also a 
non-executive director and Deputy Chair of the Board of Directors of Fortum Corporation and Chair of the Board of 
Directors of Glaston Corporation. Mr. Reinikkala was Chair of the Board of Directors of Cramo Plc between 2017 and 
2020, President of ABB Region Europe in 2015, a member of the Group Executive Committee of ABB Ltd between 2006 
and 2015, President of ABB Process Automation Division between 2006 and 2014, Business Area Manager at ABB Process 
Automation in 2005, Automation Technologies Division Manager at ABB China between 2003 and 2004, Business Area 
Manager at ABB Drives & Power Electronics in 2002, Manager at ABB Drives between 1996 and 2001 and CFO of ABB 
Industry Oy between 1994 and 1996. He also held various positions in paper and packaging companies in Finland prior to 
1994. Mr. Reinikkala holds an eMBA degree.
Kim Wahl has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Company since 2012. Mr. Wahl is also the Chair of the 
Board of Directors of Strømstangen AS, a member of the Board of Directors of DNB Bank ASA and Civita AS and Chair 
of the Board of Directors of Voxtra AS and Voxtra Foundation. Mr. Wahl was Deputy Chair and Co-founder of the 
European private equity firm IK Investment Partners between 1989 and 2009 and an Associate, Corporate Finance, 
Goldman Sachs & Co. between 1987 and 1989. Mr. Wahl holds an MBA degree and a Bachelor of Arts degree in Business 
Economics.
Proposed Board of Directors
On 28 January 2021, the Board of Directors’ Nomination and Governance Committee proposed to the Annual General 
Meeting planned to be held on 30 March 2021 that, of the current members of the Board of Directors, Berndt Brunow, 
Henrik Ehrnrooth, Emma FitzGerald, Piia-Noora Kauppi, Marjan Oudeman, Martin à Porta, Kim Wahl and Björn Wahlroos

--- Page 88 ---
86
be re-elected members of the Board of Directors until the end of the Annual General Meeting of 2022 and that Jari 
Gustafsson be elected a new member of the Board of Directors for the same term of office. Ari Puheloinen and Veli-Matti 
Reinikkala have announced that they are not available for re-election to the Board of Directors.
Jari Gustafsson is the Ambassador of Finland to Greece and Albania. Mr. Gustafsson was the Permanent Secretary of the 
Ministry of Economic Affairs and Employment of Finland between 2015 and 2020, the Ambassador of Finland to the 
People’s Republic of China and to Mongolia between 2013 and 2015, the Ambassador of Finland to Japan between 2009 
and 2013, a member of the Board of Directors of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development between 2007 
and 2009, the Deputy Director General of the Ministry for Foreign Affairs of Finland between 2003 and 2006, the Deputy 
Director General of the Ministry of Trade and Industry of Finland between 1998 and 2003, Counsellor (Industry, Energy, 
Trade) of the Finnish Mission to the OECD between 1995 and 1998 and the Head of the Foreign Trade Division, Senior 
Advisor and Commercial Secretary of the Ministry of Trade and Industry of Finland between 1987 and 1995. Mr. 
Gustafsson was born in 1958 and he is a Finnish citizen. Mr. Gustafsson holds a Master of Political Sciences degree.
Director Independence and Conflicts
The independence of the members of the Board of Directors is evaluated in accordance with Recommendation 10 of the 
Finnish Corporate Governance Code 2020. According to the recommendation, a significant shareholder is a shareholder 
that holds at least 10 per cent. of all company shares or the votes carried by all the shares or a shareholder that has the right 
or the obligation to acquire the corresponding number of already issued shares. According to the evaluation carried out, all 
members of the Board of Directors are independent of the Company’s significant shareholders as none of the Company’s 
shareholders holds 10 per cent. or more of the Company’s shares or votes carried by all the shares. 
In addition, according to director-specific overall evaluation, all members of the Board of Directors are independent of the 
Company, including Berndt Brunow, Veli-Matti Reinikkala and Björn Wahlroos, who have been the Company’s non-
executive directors for more than ten consecutive years. According to the evaluation, the independence of these members 
of the Board of Directors is not compromised due to their long service history and no other factors or circumstances were 
identified that could impair their independence. Veli-Matti Reinikkala has announced that he is not available for re-election 
to the Board of Directors in the Annual General Meeting planned to be held on 30 March 2021.
Board Committees
UPM’s Board of Directors have established three committees, the Audit Committee, the Nomination and Governance 
Committee and the Remuneration Committee. The Board of Directors appoints the members of the committees and their 
Chairs annually. Each committee must have at least three members.
The committees hold their meetings prior to certain meetings of the Board of Directors in order to prepare matters for the 
Board of Directors’ decision-making. In the meeting of the Board of Directors following the committee meetings, the 
Committee Chairs report to the Board of Directors on matters discussed and actions taken by the committees. The 
committees do not have any independent decision-making power.
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee reviews the Company’s quarterly financial results and interim reports and recommends their approval 
to the Board of Directors. The committee’s results review includes a review of potential significant and unusual 
transactions, accounting estimates and policies for the period in question. The Audit Committee oversees that risk 
management activities are aligned with the Risk Management Policy, and that risk assessments are used to guide internal 
audit and compliance activities. The committee also reviews quarterly reports on assurance and legal matters including 
status reports on internal control, internal audit, litigation, and other legal proceedings. Other quarterly reports include 
treasury risk and limits reports and energy risk report. The Audit Committee is also responsible for preparing a proposal 
for the election and remuneration of the auditor.
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the members of the Audit Committee are Piia-Noora Kauppi, Emma FitzGerald, 
Marjan Oudeman and Kim Wahl.
Nomination and Governance Committee
The Nomination and Governance Committee identifies individuals qualified to serve as directors and prepares proposals 
to the general meeting of shareholders for election or re-election of directors and for their remuneration. When necessary, 
the committee also identifies individuals qualified to serve as the CEO and prepares proposals to the Board of Directors 
for the appointment of the CEO.
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the members of the Nomination and Governance Committee are Björn Wahlroos, 
Berndt Brunow and Ari Puheloinen.

--- Page 89 ---
87
Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee’s duties and responsibilities are related to the remuneration and succession planning of the 
CEO and senior executives reporting directly to the CEO, and to the evaluation, planning and preparation of the UPM’s 
incentive schemes and annually commencing plans. The Remuneration Committee follows the remuneration market trends 
at regular intervals and reviews the various components of the management remuneration annually. The review includes 
benchmarking the different remuneration components to market practices in corresponding positions in peer companies. 
Based on this review, the committee makes recommendations to the Board of Directors for the approval of salaries and 
benefits of the CEO and other senior executives.
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the members of the Remuneration Committee are Veli-Matti Reinikkala, Henrik 
Ehrnrooth and Martin à Porta.
Group Executive Team
The following table sets forth the members of UPM’s Group Executive Team as at the date of this Base Prospectus:
Position
Citizenship
Year of 
birth
Jussi Pesonen........................................
President and CEO
Finnish
1960
Tapio Korpeinen...................................
Chief Financial Officer
Finnish
1963
Bernd Eikens.........................................
Executive Vice President, UPM Biorefining
German
1965
Pirkko Harrela.......................................
Executive Vice President, Stakeholder Relations
Finnish
1960
Antti Jääskeläinen.................................
Executive Vice President, UPM Raflatac
Finnish
1972
Juha Mäkelä..........................................
General Counsel
Finnish
1962
Jaakko Nikkilä......................................
Executive Vice President, UPM Specialty Papers
Finnish
1967
Jyrki Ovaska .........................................
Executive Vice President, Technology
Finnish
1958
Riitta Savonlahti ...................................
Executive Vice President, Human Resources
Finnish
1964
Winfried Schaur....................................
Executive Vice President, UPM Communication Papers
German
1965
Mika Sillanpää......................................
Executive Vice President, UPM Plywood
Finnish
1958
Kari Ståhlberg.......................................
Executive Vice President, Strategy
Finnish
1971
Jussi Pesonen has been the President and CEO of the Company since 2004 and a member of the Group Executive Team 
since 2001. Mr. Pesonen is also Chair of the Board of Directors of the Finland Chamber of Commerce and ICC Finland, 
Deputy Chair of the Board of Directors of the Finnish Forest Industries Federation (FFIF), a member of the Board of 
Directors of the Confederation of European Paper Industries (CEPI) and a member of the Board of Directors of the East 
Office of Finnish Industries Oy. Mr. Pesonen was COO of the Company’s Paper Divisions and Deputy to the President 
and CEO between 2001 and 2004. He also held several management positions at UPM Paper Divisions between 1987 and 
2001. Mr. Pesonen holds a Master of Science degree in Engineering.
Tapio Korpeinen has been the Chief Financial Officer since 2010 and a member of the Group Executive Team since 2008. 
Mr. Korpeinen is also the Chair of the Board of Directors of Pohjolan Voima Oy, the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors 
of Kemijoki Oy, a member of the Board of Directors of Teollisuuden Voima Oyj and a member of the Supervisory Board 
of Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company. Mr. Korpeinen was President, Energy and Pulp Business Group between 
2008 and 2010, Vice President, Corporate Development and Senior Vice President, Strategy between 2005 and 2008. He 
also held several management positions at Jaakko Pöyry Consulting between 1991 and 1998 and between 1999 and 2005, 
worked at A.T. Kearney between 1998 and 1999 and at McKinsey & Company between 1988 and 1990. Mr. Korpeinen 
holds an MBA degree and a Master of Science degree in Technology.
Bernd Eikens has been the Executive Vice President, UPM Biorefining since 2019 and a member of the Group Executive 
Team since 2013. Mr. Eikens is also a member of the Supervisory Board of Johann Bunte Bauunternehmung GmbH & Co. 
KG and a member of the Advisory Board of Meyer Turku Oy. Mr. Eikens was Executive Vice President, UPM Specialty 
Papers between 2016 and 2019, Executive Vice President, UPM Paper ENA between 2013 and 2016, Senior Vice President, 
Supply Chain, Paper Business Group between 2008 and 2013 and President, UPM-Kymmene Inc. North America between 
2005 and 2008. He also held several management positions at UPM Nordland Papier between 1998 and 2005 and worked 
as Senior Process Engineer at International Paper Co. between 1996 and 1998. Mr. Eikens holds a Doctor of Philosophy 
degree.
Pirkko Harrela has been the Executive Vice President, Stakeholder Relations since 2013 and a member of the Group 
Executive Team since 2004. Ms. Harrela is also a member of the Board of Directors of the Finnish Forest Industries 
Federation (FFIF), a member of S-Group’s CSR and Sustainability Advisory Group, a member of the Board of Trustees of 
WWF Finland, a member of the Advisory Board of Deutsch-Finnische Handelskammer (German-Finnish Chamber of 
Commerce), a member of the Board of Directors of Satalinna Foundation, a member of the Board of Governors of the 
Association for Finnish Work and the Chair of the Board of Directors of the UPM-Kymmene Cultural Foundation. 
Ms. Harrela was Executive Vice President, Corporate Communications between 2004 and 2013 and Vice President,

--- Page 90 ---
88
Corporate Communications in 2003. She also held several positions in Communications at Finnpap and at UPM Paper 
Division between 1985 and 2002. Ms. Harrela holds a Master of Arts degree.
Antti Jääskeläinen has been a member of the Group Executive Team and the Executive Vice President, UPM Raflatac 
since 2016. Mr. Jääskeläinen is also a member of the Board of Directors of Vaisala Oyj. Mr. Jääskeläinen was Senior Vice 
President, EMEIA, UPM Raflatac between 2014 and 2016, Senior Vice President, Head of Global Operations at Amer 
Sports between 2012 and 2014, Chief Development Officer and member of the Group Executive Board at Amer Sports 
between 2009 and 2014 and held several management positions at Stora Enso between 2004 and 2009. He also worked as 
an Engagement Manager & Associate at McKinsey & Company between 2002 and 2004, as a Business Operations Manager 
at Nokia Networks between 1998 and 2001 and as a Financial Analyst at Enso Group between 1997 and 1998. 
Mr. Jääskeläinen holds an MBA degree, a Master of Science degree in Engineering and a Master of Science degree in 
Economics.
Juha Mäkelä has been a member of the Group Executive Team since 2008 and the Group General Counsel since 2005. Mr. 
Mäkelä is also a member of the Supervisory Board of Kemijoki Oy. Mr. Mäkelä held positions as legal counsel and senior 
legal counsel at KONE Corporation between 1997 and 2004 and several positions in law firms between 1991 and 1996. 
Mr. Mäkelä holds a Master of Laws degree.
Jaakko Nikkilä has been a member of the Group Executive Team and the Executive Vice President, UPM Specialty Papers 
since 2019. Mr. Nikkilä was Senior Vice President, UPM Specialty Papers ENA between 2018 and 2019, Vice President, 
APAC Sales, UPM Fine & Specialty Papers, China between 2012 and 2017, Vice President, Converters, UPM Paper 
Business Group between 2011 and 2012, Area Sales Director, APAC Converters, UPM Paper Business Group, Hong Kong 
between 2005 and 2011, Production manager, UPM Fine & Specialty Papers between 2001 and 2005, Technical customer 
service manager, UPM Fine & Specialty Papers between 1995 and 2005 and Analyst at Jaakko Pöyry Consulting between 
1993 and 1995. Mr. Nikkilä holds an eMBA degree and a Master of Science degree in Engineering. 
Jyrki Ovaska has been the Executive Vice President, Technology since 2013 and a member of the Group Executive Team 
since 2002. Mr. Ovaska is also the Deputy member of the Board of Directors of CLIC Innovation Oy and a member of the 
Business Finland Advisory Board for Bioeconomy and Cleantech. Mr. Ovaska was President, Paper Business Group 
between 2008 and 2013, President, Magazine Paper Division between 2004 and 2008, President, Fine and Speciality Papers 
Division between 2002 and 2003 and held several management positions at United Paper Mills Ltd and UPM in the Printing 
Papers Division between 1984 and 2001. Mr. Ovaska holds a Master of Science degree in Engineering.
Riitta Savonlahti has been a member of the Group Executive Team and the Executive Vice President, Human Resources 
since 2004. Ms. Savonlahti is also a member of the Supervisory Board of Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company, 
a member of the Labour Markets Committee of the Finnish Forest Industries Federation (FFIF) and a member of the Work, 
Education and Skills Committee of the Finland Chamber of Commerce. Ms. Savonlahti was Senior Vice President, Human 
Resources at Elcoteq Network Corporation between 2001 and 2004, Senior Vice President, Human Resources at Raisio 
Group between 2000 and 2001, Human Resources Manager at Nokia Mobile Phones, Salo Operations between 1995 and 
2000 and held human resources positions at ABB between 1990 and 1994. Ms. Savonlahti holds a Master of Science degree 
in Economics.
Winfried Schaur has been a member of the Group Executive Team and the Executive Vice President, UPM Communication 
Papers since 2016. He is also the Chair of the Board of Directors of the German Pulp and Paper Association (VDP), the 
Vice Chair of the Board of Directors of the Bavarian Industry Association (vbw), a member of the Board of Directors of 
the Confederation of European Paper Industries (CEPI) and a member of the Board of Directors of the Federation of 
German Industries (BDI). Mr. Schaur was Senior Vice President, Newspaper Publishing, UPM Paper ENA between 2013 
and 2016. He also held several leadership positions in the UPM paper business between 2001 and 2013, worked as a Project 
Manager at Investments, Haindl Papier GmbH between 1993 and 2001 and as a Project Engineer at Hoerbiger Automotive 
between 1991 and 1992. Mr. Schaur holds a Dipl.Ing. (FH) degree.
Mika Sillanpää has been a member of the Group Executive Team and the Executive Vice President, UPM Plywood since 
2013. Mr. Sillanpää is a member of the Board of Directors of the Federation of the Finnish Woodworking Industries. 
Mr. Sillanpää was Vice President, Sourcing, UPM Raflatac Group between 2008 and 2013, Senior Vice President, Strategic 
Development, UPM Raflatac Group between 2003 and 2008 and held several management positions at UPM Raflatac 
between 1985 and 2000. Mr. Sillanpää holds a Master of Science degree in Engineering.
Kari Ståhlberg has been a member of the Group Executive Team and the Executive Vice President, Strategy since 2013. 
Mr. Ståhlberg is also the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors of Steveco Oy. Mr. Ståhlberg was Senior Vice President, 
Corporate Strategy between 2010 and 2013, Director, M&A between 2007 and 2010, Investment Manager at Finnish 
Industry Investment Ltd. between 2006 and 2007, M&A Advisor at JP Capital International Limited between 2000 and 
2006 and Management Consultant at Jaakko Pöyry Consulting Oy between 1998 and 2000. Mr. Ståhlberg holds a Master 
of Science degree in Engineering.

--- Page 91 ---
89
Management Independence and Conflicts
UPM confirms that there is no potential conflict of interest between the duties of each of the members of the Group 
Executive Team and his/her private interests or other duties.
Corporate Governance
In its decision-making management and operations, UPM applies the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006, as amended), the 
Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012, as amended), the regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse and other laws and regulations applicable to publicly listed companies in 
Finland, the UPM’s Articles of Association, Board and committee charters, corporate policies and guidelines, as well as 
rules and guidelines issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority, the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority 
and the Nasdaq Helsinki exchange. UPM also complies with all the recommendations of the Finnish Corporate Governance 
Code of the Finnish Securities Market Association.

--- Page 92 ---
90
TAXATION
The tax laws of the investor’s State and of the issuer’s State of incorporation might have an impact on the income 
received from the securities. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which 
countries’ tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those 
countries.
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete 
analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of 
Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries’ tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and 
disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences 
of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this 
Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date.
Finnish Taxation
The following overview is based on the tax laws of Finland as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus, and is subject 
to changes in Finnish law, including changes that could have a retroactive effect. The following overview does not take 
into account or discuss the tax laws of any country other than Finland and does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of 
the Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which 
may be subject to special rules. Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers 
concerning the overall tax consequences of their ownership of the Notes.
Under present Finnish law payments of the principal of and interest (if any) on the Notes will be exempt from all taxes, 
duties, fees and imposts of whatever nature, imposed or levied by or within the Republic of Finland or by any province, 
municipality or other political sub-division or taxing authority thereof and therein, except when the holder of the Note or 
Coupon to which any such payment relates is subject to such taxation thereon by reason of such holders being connected 
with the Republic of Finland otherwise than solely by his holding of such Note or Coupon or the receipt of income 
therefrom.
Non-residents of Finland are not liable to pay Finnish capital gains tax on Notes that are not connected with a permanent 
establishment or a fixed base in Finland. 
Transfer tax is in general not payable on a transfer of Notes, provided that the interest of the Notes is not related to the 
business income or dividend of the Issuer.
Transfers of Notes by a non-resident by way of a gift or by reason of the death of the owner may be subject to Finnish gift 
or inheritance tax, respectively.
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (“FTT”)
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s proposal”) for a Directive for 
a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the 
“participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.
The Commission’s proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes (including 
secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be 
exempt. 
Under the Commission’s proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the 
participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least one party is a financial 
institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed 
to be, ‘established’ in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a 
person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is 
issued in a participating Member State.
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may therefore be altered 
prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 93 ---
91
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Europe 
AG, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, J.P. Morgan AG, and Nordea Bank Abp (the “Dealers”). The arrangements under 
which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in an 
amended and restated dealer agreement dated 5 March 2021 (the “Dealer Agreement”) and made between the Issuer and 
the Dealers. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a 
single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be 
described in the relevant Final Terms as “Non-Syndicated” and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer 
which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and more 
than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will 
be described in the relevant Final Terms as “Syndicated”, the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes 
will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which 
is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those 
Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilisation Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms.
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price 
at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable 
or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or 
termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes.
United States: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms or neither if 
TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms.
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.
The Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder. The terms of such Notes will identify whether TEFRA C or TEFRA D 
apply, or that TEFRA is not applicable.
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part 
of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes 
comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such 
Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer or sale of 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition 
of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision the expression 
“retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “EU MiFID II”); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning Directive (EU) 2016/97 (“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II.

--- Page 94 ---
92
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, 
in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (a “Relevant State”), each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a)
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation;
(b)
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(c)
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation.
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in any Relevant 
State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression “EU 
Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
United Kingdom
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes incudes the legend “Prohibition 
of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA.
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes does not include the legend 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom:
(A)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of UK Prospectus Regulation;
(B)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of UK 
Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(C)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, provided that no such offer of Notes 
referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 
85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of UK Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered

--- Page 95 ---
93
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that:
(a)
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year:
(i)
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii)
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons:
(A)
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or
(B)
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses,
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by 
the Issuer;
(b)
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(c)
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional Securities Laws
Singapore
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has not offered or sold any 
Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any 
Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with 
the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 
289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a 
relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant 
to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise 
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of 
which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of 
whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or 
the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that 
corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:
(1)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 
275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
(2)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(3)
where the transfer is by operation of law;

--- Page 96 ---
94
(4)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(5)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-
based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.
Switzerland
Except where explicitly permitted by the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, the Notes may not be publicly 
offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the “FinSA”) and 
no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading 
facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.
General
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, 
distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own 
expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the 
Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, 
offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering 
material, in all cases at their own expense.
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any specific 
jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) in official 
interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the 
obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed “General” above.
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement or 
modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or modification relevant only to a 
particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 97 ---
95
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS
Regulation S Notes
Each purchaser of Bearer Notes or Registered Notes outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and each subsequent 
purchaser of such Notes in resales prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, by accepting delivery of 
this Base Prospectus and the Notes, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(i)
it is, or at the time Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Notes and:
(a)
it is not a U.S. person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of Regulation S); 
and 
(b)
it is not an affiliate of the Issuer or a person acting on behalf of such an affiliate;
(ii)
it understands that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and that, prior to 
the expiration of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S), it will not offer, sell, pledge or 
otherwise transfer such Notes except:
(a)
in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S; or 
(b)
to the Issuer; 
in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States;
(iii)
it understands that the Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth and 
accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements.

--- Page 98 ---
96
GENERAL INFORMATION
Authorisation
The update of the Programme was authorised by the Board of Directors of the Issuer passed/given on 27 October 2020. 
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection 
with the issue and performance of the Notes.
Significant/Material Change
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or the Group since 31 
December 2020.
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020. 
Auditors
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 have 
been audited without qualification by PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy, Authorised Public Accountants, whose registered 
address is Itämerentori 2, FI-00180 Helsinki, Finland. Authorised Public Accountant (KHT) Mikko Nieminen has been the 
responsible auditor of the Issuer since 4 April 2019 and Authorised Public Accountant (KHT) Merja Lindh was the 
responsible auditor of the Issuer until 4 April 2019. Mikko Nieminen and Merja Lindh are registered in the register of 
auditors in accordance with Chapter 6 Section 9 in the Finnish Auditing Act (1141/2015, as amended).
Documents on Display
Copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof) may be inspected during normal business 
hours at the offices of the Issuer at Alvar Aallon katu 1, FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland or at upm.com for the 12 months 
following the date of this Base Prospectus:
(a)
the constitutive documents of the Issuer (as the same may be updated from time to time); 
(b)
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2019;
(c)
the Agency Agreement;
(d)
the Deed of Covenant;
(e)
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); and
(f)
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between the Issuer and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg of Notes in New Global 
Note form).
This Base Prospectus will be available, in electronic format, on the website of Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie).
Clearing of the Notes
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The appropriate common 
code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the 
relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information.
Notes Having a Maturity of Less than One Year
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of GBP 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
and be issued only to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, 
manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other 
circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer.

--- Page 99 ---
97
Issue Price and Yield
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions 
and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be 
set out in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include 
accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the 
issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest 
payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche.
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant issue date on 
an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future yield.
Conflicts of Interest 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and their affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under 
the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies 
on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general 
market risk, or other trading activities.
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad 
array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and their affiliates. Certain of the Dealers of their affiliates 
that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer and its affiliates consistent 
with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments.
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 213800EC6PW5VU4J9U64.
Issuer Website
The Issuer’s website is upm.com. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on such website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 100 ---
ISSUER
UPM-Kymmene Corporation
Alvar Aallon katu 1
FI-00100 Helsinki
Finland
ARRANGER
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
Citigroup Centre
Canada Square
Canary Wharf
E14 5LB London
United Kingdom
DEALERS
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
Reuterweg 16
Citigroup Centre
60323 Frankfurt am Main
Canada Square
Germany
Canary Wharf
E14 5LB London
United Kingdom
BNP Paribas
J.P. Morgan AG
16, boulevard des Italiens
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)
75009 Paris
60310 Frankfurt am Main
France
Germany
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5
FI-00020 Nordea
Helsinki
Finland
FISCAL AGENT
Citibank, N.A., London Branch
6th Floor
Citigroup Centre
Canada Square
Canary Wharf
E14 5LB London
United Kingdom
PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT
Citibank, N.A., London Branch
6th Floor
Citigroup Centre
Canada Square
Canary Wharf
E14 5LB London
United Kingdom
REGISTRAR
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG
Reuterweg 16
60323 Frankfurt am Main
Germany

--- Page 101 ---
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Issuer as to Finnish and English law
White & Case LLP
Aleksanterinkatu 44
5 Old Broad Street
FI-00100 Helsinki
London EC2N 1DW
Finland
United Kingdom
To the Dealers as to English law
Clifford Chance LLP
10 Upper Bank Street
E14 5JJ London
United Kingdom
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy
Itämerentori 2
P.O. Box 1015
FI-00101 Helsinki
Finland
LISTING AGENT
Walkers Listing Services Limited
5th Floor, The Exchange
George’s Dock, IFSC
Dublin 1, D01 W3P9
Ireland