--- Page 1 ---
10306062790-v3 
 
70-41087919 
 
 
  
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
UPM-Kymmene Corporation 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Finland) 
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme  
________________________________ 
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as a competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of UPM-Kymmene Corporation (the "Issuer") nor as an endorsement of the 
quality of the notes (the "Notes") issued under this EUR 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") that 
are the subject of the Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such 
approval relates only to Notes issued under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof. Application has been made to 
the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Notes issued under the Programme within twelve 
months after the date hereof to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial 
instruments (as amended, "EU MiFID II"). 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances 
where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to 
"Exempt Notes" are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation. The Central 
Bank has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or 
further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
Any website referred to in this document does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
Central Bank. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer is rated Baa1 by Moody's Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's") and BBB+ by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). Moody's and S&P are established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
(the "EU CRA Regulation"). Moody's and S&P appear on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (last updated 
10 July 2024) on the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation. The ratings Moody's and 
S&P have given to the Issuer are endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Ltd and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited respectively, each of 
which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of 
the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") 
or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to 
U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) except in 
certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Arranger 
Citigroup 
 
Dealers 
Citigroup 
BNP PARIBAS 
J.P. Morgan 
Nordea

--- Page 2 ---
10306062790-v3 
(ii) 
70-41087919 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 7 March 2025.

--- Page 3 ---
10306062790-v3 
1 
70-41087919 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Notes) a Pricing Supplement. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Pricing Supplement, 
each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant or applicable Final Terms 
shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant or applicable 
Pricing Supplement unless the context requires otherwise. The Issuer declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is, in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission 
likely to affect its import. 
The Issuer confirms that any information from third party sources has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third party source, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
The Issuer presents certain performance measures of historical financial performance, financial position and cash flows, 
which, in accordance with guidance by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on alternative 
performance measures, are not accounting measures defined or specified in the IFRS Accounting Standards and are 
therefore considered alternative performance measures. In the Issuer's view, the alternative performance measures provide 
meaningful supplemental information to management, investors and others. The Issuer presents comparable performance 
measures to reflect underlying business performance and to enhance comparability from period to period. The alternative 
performance measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance in accordance 
with IFRS Accounting Standards. Further, companies do not calculate alternative performance measures in a uniform 
manner and, therefore, the alternative performance measures presented by the Issuer may not be comparable to similarly 
titled measures used by other companies.  
Final Terms / Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called (i) the final terms (the "Final 
Terms"), (ii) where required, a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described 
under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below or (iii) in relation to each Tranche of Exempt Notes, the pricing 
supplement (the "Pricing Supplement").  
In relation to each Tranche of Notes completed by a Pricing Supplement or a Drawdown Prospectus, all references herein 
to "Final Terms" shall, unless the context requires otherwise, be deemed to be references to the Pricing Supplement 
specific to the relevant Tranche of Exempt Notes or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable). 
Other Relevant Information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any information 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, must be read 
and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms 
shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base Prospectus contains all 
information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) material; that such 
information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, 
predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that 
this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or 
intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; 
and that all reasonable enquiries have been made to ascertain or verify the foregoing. 
Unauthorised Information 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent 
with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by 
the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer.

--- Page 4 ---
10306062790-v3 
2 
70-41087919 
 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and 
none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other 
person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes. Neither the delivery of this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any 
implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or 
any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer 
since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented 
or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability assessment of any Notes 
issued as green bonds ("Green Bonds") or makes any representation or warranty or gives any assurance as to whether such 
Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels 
(including but not limited to Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable 
investment (the "EU Taxonomy Regulation") and any related technical screening criteria, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on 
European Green Bonds or the optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for 
sustainability-linked bonds (the "EU Green Bond Regulation") which applies from 21 December 2024, Regulation (EU) 
2019/2088 on sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector ("SFDR") and any implementing legislation 
and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the UK or  any requirements of such labels or market standards including green, 
sustainable or social bond principles or other similar principles or guidance published by ICMA (the "ICMA Principles")) 
as they may evolve from time to time.  
None of the Dealers is responsible for (i) the use or allocation of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, (ii) the 
impact nor monitoring in respect of such use of proceeds, or (iii) the assessment of the eligibility criteria of the Issuer’s 
Eligible Green Projects and Assets (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section) or any verification of whether the Eligible 
Green Projects and Assets set out in the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework. The Issuer has obtained an independent opinion 
on its Green Finance Framework (as updated from time to time, the "Second Party Opinion"). The Second Party Opinion 
provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended to address any credit, market 
or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference 
or suitability of any security. The Second Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact.  
No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any 
opinion, report or certification of any third party (including any post-issuance reports prepared by an external reviewer) 
made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
providers of such opinions, reviews, certifications and post-issuance reports are not subject to any specific regulatory or 
other regime or oversight. The EU Green Bond Regulation will introduce a supervisory regime of external reviewers of 
European Green Bonds but this is not due to take full effect until 21 June 2026. The Second Party Opinion and any other 
such opinion, report, certification or post-issuance report is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the 
Dealers, the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes and is current only as of the date it is issued. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report, certification or post-
issuance report and/or the information contained therein. The criteria and/or considerations that form the basis of the Second 
Party Opinion or any such other opinion, report, certification or post-issuance report may change at any time and the Second 
Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. The Issuer's Green Finance 
Framework may also be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or 
withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer's Green Finance Framework, the Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion, report, certification or post-
issuance report does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus. 
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", 
"social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is 
given by the Dealers or the Issuer that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes.  
Restrictions on Distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are 
required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description 
of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale" and "Transfer Restrictions".

--- Page 5 ---
10306062790-v3 
3 
70-41087919 
 
In particular, the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as 
amended) (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States, and Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The 
Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act.  
NEITHER THE PROGRAMME NOR THE NOTES HAVE BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE 
U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE "SEC"), ANY STATE SECURITIES 
COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAS 
ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF ANY 
OFFERING OF NOTES OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) 
of the Issuer. 
Product Governance under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended)  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for 
any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
The Final Terms may include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product governance 
rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK 
MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in 
respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in 
respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by

--- Page 6 ---
10306062790-v3 
4 
70-41087919 
 
virtue of EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Benchmark Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such 
reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the "Benchmark 
Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not 
the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmark Regulation. 
Transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark 
is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration 
status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator. 
Product Classification Pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product 
Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"). If applicable, the Issuer will make 
a determination in relation to each issue about classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 
309B(1)(a).  and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. Any such legend included on the Final Terms will constitute notice to 
"relevant persons" for purposes of Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Programme Limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding under the Programme will not exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 
and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into euro at the date of the agreement 
to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement). The maximum aggregate 
principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
Certain Definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a Member State of 
the European Economic Area, references to "EUR" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage 
of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 
3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown for 
the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be 
an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a reference to that law or provision as 
extended, amended or re-enacted. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating 
will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit 
rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under 
the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in 
the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or 
(2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA

--- Page 7 ---
10306062790-v3 
5 
70-41087919 
 
which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over 
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin 
on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes 
is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) 
acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
10306062790-v3 
6 
70-41087919 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. The words "anticipate", "believe", "expect", "plan", 
"intend", "targets", "aims", "estimate", "project", "will", "would", "may", "could", "continue" and similar expressions are 
intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Base 
Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the financial position, business strategy, management plans and 
objectives for future operations of the Issuer are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve 
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the Issuer's actual results, performance or 
achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking 
statements. These forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding our present and future 
business strategies and the environment in which the Issuer expects to operate in the future. Important factors that could 
cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements 
include, among other factors described in this Base Prospectus: 
 
changes in economic and political operating environment in the markets and regions in which UPM operates; 
 
changes in consumer behaviour; 
 
changes in the competitive environment and industry consolidation; 
 
changes in legislation and failure to comply with regulations applicable to UPM's business;  
 
changes relating to climate change and environmental factors such as natural disasters; 
 
fluctuations in the prices of major inputs as well as changes in their availability and resultant changes to margining 
requirements for related futures contracts;  
 
fluctuations in the foreign exchange and interest rates; and 
 
UPM's access to liquidity and ability to obtain financing. 
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include those discussed 
under "Risk Factors". Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Issuer speak only as at the date they 
are made. The Issuer does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in their expectations 
with regard thereto or any changes in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

--- Page 9 ---
10306062790-v3 
7 
70-41087919 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Important Notices ................................................................................................................................................................. 1 
Forward-looking Statements ................................................................................................................................................. 6 
Overview .............................................................................................................................................................................. 8 
Risk Factors ........................................................................................................................................................................ 12 
Information Incorporated by Reference .............................................................................................................................. 30 
Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses .......................................................................................................................... 33 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................................... 34 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................................... 39 
Form of Final Terms ........................................................................................................................................................... 76 
Form of Pricing Supplement ............................................................................................................................................... 87 
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form ................................................................................ 98 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................................................ 101 
Green Finance Framework ................................................................................................................................................ 102 
Description of the Issuer ................................................................................................................................................... 105 
Board of Directors and Group Executive Management .................................................................................................... 116 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................................................................ 121 
Subscription and Sale ........................................................................................................................................................ 123 
Transfer Restrictions ......................................................................................................................................................... 127 
General Information .......................................................................................................................................................... 128

--- Page 10 ---
10306062790-v3 
8 
70-41087919 
 
OVERVIEW 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the 
applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than 
that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of listed Notes only and if appropriate, a 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus, or Drawdown Prospectus, will be published. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
have the same meanings in this overview. 
The Issuer: 
UPM-Kymmene Corporation 
Arranger: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Dealers: 
BNP PARIBAS, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, J.P. Morgan SE, Nordea Bank 
Abp and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Dealer Agreement. 
Fiscal Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular laws, 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be 
issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale") including the following restrictions applicable at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") unless they are issued to 
a limited class of professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
GBP 100,000 or its equivalent, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Programme Size:  
Up to EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Dealer Agreement) outstanding at any time. The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer 
Agreement. 
Issuance in Series:  
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more Tranches 
issued on the same or different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will all be 
subject to identical terms, except that the issue date, issue price, principal amount 
issued and the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in respect 
of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will also be subject to identical 
terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different 
denominations. 
Distribution:  
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in each case 
on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies:  
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions. 
Maturities:  
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Issue Price:  
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium 
over, par, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 11 ---
10306062790-v3 
9 
70-41087919 
 
Interest:  
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) may accrue 
at a fixed rate or a floating rate or a combination thereof and the method of 
calculating interest may vary between the issue date and the maturity date of the 
relevant Series. 
Fixed Rate Notes:  
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes:  
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or the latest 
version of ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including 
each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor thereto), as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, each as published by ISDA (or any successor) 
on its website (www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the first Tranche of 
the Notes of such Series; or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page of a 
commercial quotation service. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed prior 
to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such Interest 
Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes:  
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their principal amount 
and will not bear interest. 
Redemption:  
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons or following 
an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, 
as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at 
a price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year are subject to restrictions on their 
denomination and distribution, see "Subscription and Sale—Selling Restrictions 
Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws". 
Denomination of Notes:  
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
will be such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the relevant Specified Currency, see "Subscription and Sale—Selling Restrictions 
Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws", and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the European Economic Area or in the United 
Kingdom in circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a 
prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation 
(as defined below), as applicable, will be EUR 100,000 (or, if the Notes are

--- Page 12 ---
10306062790-v3 
10 
70-41087919 
 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency). 
Taxation:  
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for or on 
account of withholding taxes imposed by or on behalf of the Republic of Finland 
or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power 
to tax as provided in Condition 12 (Taxation). In the event that any such deduction 
is made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 12 (Taxation), be required to pay additional amounts to cover the 
amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge:  
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as further described 
in Condition 5 (Negative pledge). 
Payment 
Cross 
Default 
/ 
Acceleration:  
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross-default and cross-acceleration provision 
as further described in Condition 13 (Events of Default). 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under the 
Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus 
to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market of 
Euronext Dublin. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further 
stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in 
relation to the Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be 
listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or 
markets. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C, TEFRA D or TEFRA not applicable, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Status: 
The Notes constitute senior, unsubordinated, unconditional and (subject to 
Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer.  
Form: 
Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or in registered form 
("Registered Notes"). Bearer Notes will not be exchangeable for Registered Notes 
and Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes. No single Series 
or Tranche may comprise both Bearer Notes and Registered Notes. 
Rating: 
The Issuer is rated Baa1 by Moody's and BBB+ by S&P. 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but which is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the EEA but which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. 
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but which is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK but which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
The Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Dealer 
Agreement will be governed by English law.

--- Page 13 ---
10306062790-v3 
11 
70-41087919 
 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Selling Restrictions: 
See "Subscription and Sale". 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in the Notes involves risks. See "Risk Factors". 
Financial Information: 
See "Information Incorporated by Reference". 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the general corporate 
purposes of the Issuer or, in respect of any Notes which are issued as Green Bonds, 
in accordance with the Issuer's Green Finance Framework to finance and/or 
refinance Eligible Green Projects and Assets (as defined in "Use of Proceeds"). If, 
in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, 
this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Validity 
of 
Prospectus 
and 
Prospectus Supplements 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 14 ---
10306062790-v3 
12 
70-41087919 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in Notes issued under the Programme, 
prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business of the 
Issuer and the industry in which it operates together with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, including 
any information incorporated by reference herein and, in particular the risk factors described below. Words and 
expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same 
meanings in this section. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an investment in 
any Notes and should be used as guidance only. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer that are not 
currently known to the Issuer, or that it currently deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have a material 
adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and, if any such risk 
should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. 
The risk factors presented herein have been divided into four categories based on their nature. These categories are:  
● 
strategic risks; 
● 
operational risks; 
● 
financial risks; and 
● 
risks relating to the Notes. 
Within each category, the risk factor estimated to be the most material on the basis of an overall evaluation of the criteria 
set out in the EU Prospectus Regulation is presented first. However, the order in which the risk factors are presented after 
the first risk factor in each category is not intended to reflect either the relative probability or the potential effect of their 
materialisation. The order of the categories does not represent any evaluation of the materiality of the risk factors within 
that category, when compared to risk factors in another category. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including any 
document incorporated by reference herein, and reach their own views, based upon their own judgement and upon advice 
from such financial, legal and tax advisers as they have deemed necessary, prior to making any investment decision. 
Investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes issued under the Programme is suitable for them 
in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
Strategic Risks 
An uncertain economic and political operating environment could have an effect on the markets and regions in which 
UPM operates. 
The main short-term uncertainties in UPM’s earnings relate to sales prices and delivery volumes of its products, as well as 
to changes in the main input cost items and currency exchange rates, most of which are affected by uncertainty in global, 
regional or local economic and political conditions. Political developments are causing uncertainties to the global economy 
and increase the risks relating to the global operating environment in which UPM operates. Such uncertainties also affect 
UPM’s customers influencing the demand for UPM’s products. Examples of such developments are the trade tensions 
between the United States, the European Union (the “EU”), other European nations and China, the policies of the new U.S. 
presidential administration, the nature of the relationship between the EU, its members states and other trade partners as 
well as Russia’s ongoing war in Ukraine, conflicts in the Middle East, and other geopolitical tensions that may lead to 
further military conflicts, hybrid threats or hybrid warfare (including cyber warfare), import tariffs, direct or indirect 
restrictions on foreign direct investments, blockades, economic sanctions or export and/or import restrictions. These 
developments could limit or prevent UPM’s business in a country or area and/or cause adverse effects on energy, shipping 
or other main input cost items for UPM, such as the cost and availability of wood in Finland. UPM is also exposed to the 
impacts of certain governmental protection and trade protection measures that safeguard domestic industries and economies 
and other changes affecting international trade, such as restrictions on import and export and other national interests that 
may affect the availability or cost of necessary raw materials or price competitiveness compared to producers from other 
countries, and changes in the international trade agreements.  
Economies across Europe and globally have been experiencing significant inflationary pressures. This has been exacerbated 
by the sanctions put in place as a response to Russia’s ongoing war in Ukraine, which has further increased the 
unpredictability of energy, commodity and fuel prices, resulting in higher production costs, including increased cost of raw 
materials and transportation. While inflation eased in 2024 and central banks lowered interest rates, inflationary pressures 
may yet increase and continue in the medium term due to, for example, restrictive trade policies of the new U.S. presidential 
administration, leading to more stringent interest rate actions by the central banks. Rising inflation may also have a direct

--- Page 15 ---
10306062790-v3 
13 
70-41087919 
 
and indirect impact on demand for UPM’s products given its negative impact on economic conditions. Coupled with higher 
interest rates which generally depress spending and encourage saving, this macro-economic environment could have a 
materially adverse effect on UPM’s operations, earnings and financial position. Additional policies which the EU, 
governments and central banks are pursuing in attempting to ease the economic impacts of Russia’s war in Ukraine and 
further reduce dependency on Russian resources, may have unintended adverse effects on global economic development 
and international trade, and cause further price volatility or shortages of UPM’s main input cost items and have an adverse 
effect on demand for UPM’s products. (See "UPM is exposed to risks related to the price of electricity", below), 
contributing significantly to overall inflationary pressures.  
UPM is especially exposed to the economic and political conditions in countries in which UPM has significant production 
operations, ongoing investment projects and sales. Most of UPM’s production assets are located in Finland, Uruguay and 
Germany. UPM also has significant production operations and sales in and to China where UPM sees considerable potential 
for future sales growth. However, the operating environment in China represents significant uncertainty due to the lack of 
transparency and predictability of the political, economic and legal systems. The majority of UPM’s sales in 2024 came 
from the Europe, accounting for 54 per cent. of total sales. Sales in China accounted for 17 per cent., sales in the United 
States of America (“USA”) for 14 per cent. and sales in the rest of the world for 16 per cent.. There have been heightening 
tensions between the USA, EU, other European nations and China relating to ongoing and threatening trade disputes as 
well as other political factors. Significant uncertainty remains as to whether resolutions to these trade and political disputes 
can be found and/or implemented in the near future or at all, or whether there will be a further escalation of existing 
tensions. Any additional trading or investment restrictions, unfavourable taxation treatment, disruptions to supply chains, 
economic or trade sanctions, inflation, stagflation, currency fluctuations, nationalisation of assets of Western companies 
operating in China or even military action that might ensue because of these tensions could materially affect UPM’s overall 
sales profitability and have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition and results of operation.  
Furthermore, economic conditions may be affected by various additional events that are beyond UPM’s control, such as 
natural disasters and global pandemics.  
Additionally, digitalisation and unbalanced economic development may accelerate inequalities in societies, which may 
worsen societal fractures and result in uneven economic recovery from economic shocks, environmental disasters and 
pandemics.  Any future large-scale outbreak of diseases, including the imposition of restrictive containment measures could 
significantly negatively impact economic growth and business operations and may cause further disruption to UPM, its 
employees, production facilities, constructions sites, markets, suppliers and customers, any of which could have a material 
adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations.    
Any economic downturn or slowing in economic growth, howsoever caused, whether globally or in the countries and 
regions in which UPM operates could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of 
operations. 
The markets in which UPM operates are cyclical and highly competitive. 
The markets in which UPM operates, particularly the pulp, paper, label, plywood, timber, energy and biofuels markets, are 
cyclical and highly competitive. In all these markets, the price level is determined by a combination of demand and supply 
and an imbalance between them could cause the prices of UPM’s products to fluctuate significantly. For example, during 
the last three years the monthly market price of hardwood chemical pulp in China has varied in the range of approximately 
EUR 440 to EUR 880 per tonne. UPM’s pulp production capacity has reached 5.8 million tonnes since the Paso De los 
Toros pulp mill reached its full production capacity during the third quarter of 2024. This has increased UPM’s net sales 
of pulp to about 3.4 million tonnes. Changes in pulp prices may therefore have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, 
financial condition or results of operations. While UPM Energy generally benefits from higher electricity sales prices, other 
UPM businesses, especially European UPM paper mills, are negatively impacted, despite hedging arrangements. For 
example, following Russia’s war in Ukraine in 2022, energy costs, such as electricity or natural gas increased significantly. 
Imbalances in demand and supply may be caused by factors such as decreases or increases in the end-use demand, changes 
in customer preferences or a new production capacity entering the market or an old production capacity being closed, all 
of which may affect both the volume and price level of UPM’s products.  
Competitor behaviour may also influence the market price development. UPM may, from time to time, experience price 
pressures from competitors in its main business areas and geographic market areas as well as particularly large fluctuations 
in operating margins due to this competitive environment. The uncertainty of these fluctuations may be amplified by the 
continuation or geographic escalation of Russia’s war in Ukraine or other geopolitical developments relevant to UPM’s 
manufacturing footprint or logistic routes, resulting in unanticipated changes in supply chains and competition. The 
majority of UPM’s revenue comes from sales of graphic and specialty papers, pulp and self-adhesive label materials, and 
UPM principally competes with several large multinational paper and forest product companies as well as with numerous 
regional or more specialised competitors. Decreases in demand or unfavourable price levels for UPM’s products could 
have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations.

--- Page 16 ---
10306062790-v3 
14 
70-41087919 
 
Changes in consumer behaviour could have an adverse effect on the demand for UPM’s products. 
Changes in consumer behaviour may affect the demand for UPM’s products. UPM’s operations, for example, may be 
affected by the introduction of substitute or alternative products. For example, the demand for graphic papers in the mature 
markets is forecast to continue to decline, due to the shift away from print media to digital media. This will likely continue 
to increase the pressure on UPM’s graphic paper deliveries and sales prices as well as the scarcity of recycled fibre. Changes 
in demand could also cause oversupply of some product categories in which UPM competes, depressing the sales price, 
resulting in excess stock and impacting deliveries of such products. 
UPM’s ability to meet shifts in demand will depend upon its ability to anticipate changes in consumer behaviour as well 
as respond to changes by developing existing products and producing new products on a competitive and profitable basis. 
There can be no assurance that UPM will be able to adjust and meet the changes in consumer behaviour in the future, which 
could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
Changes in legislation may adversely affect UPM’s business and UPM’s competitiveness. 
UPM is exposed to a wide range of laws and regulations globally. The performance of UPM’s businesses, for example the 
paper businesses, the energy business and the biofuels business, are to a high degree dependent on the regulatory framework 
for these areas, and changes in regulation, direct and indirect taxation or subsidies, aid, grants or allowances could have a 
direct effect on UPM’s performance and its relative competitiveness, and structurally restrict or exacerbate UPM’s ability 
to compete for raw material. The policies of EU and/or national governments in order to achieve energy security and price 
stability may result in temporary or permanent regulatory changes which could cause further uncertainty and volatility in 
energy prices or usage, or taxation that could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s sales or profitability. For more 
information on the effects of changes in taxation to UPM, see “—Financial Risks—UPM’s tax burden could increase due 
to changes in tax laws or regulations or their application or interpretation, or as a result of tax audits” below. 
UPM also operates in industries that are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations governing, among other 
things, emissions, water quality, nature/habitat loss, energy efficiency, as well as waste handling, recycling and disposal. 
Environmental laws and regulations in particular have become more stringent over time and may continue to develop to be 
even more stringent due to various global, regional and national level regulatory initiatives. See also “—UPM is exposed 
to risks related to climate change” below. As these environmental laws and regulations are amended or as their application 
or enforcement is changed, additional costs in complying with new and more stringent regulations may be imposed on 
UPM. Further, UPM’s operations require UPM to obtain multiple environmental permits and other licences from relevant 
authorities and comply with their terms and conditions. These permits and licences may be subject to modification, renewal 
or, subject to certain conditions, revocation by the issuing authorities. Procedures for obtaining these permits can be long 
and complex and there can be no assurance that the requested permit will be granted or renewed. Violations of applicable 
environmental laws and regulations could result in civil and criminal penalties, revocation of permits and licences, third 
party claims or any combination thereof. UPM may become subject to liabilities that could be substantial for, among other 
things, non-compliance with environmental as well as health and safety regulations and standards.  
Increases in environmental regulation may also result in operational challenges for UPM. For example, EU regulation in 
respect of forestry has increased significantly in recent years as the EU seeks to address global environmental risks related 
to, among other things, climate change and biodiversity. This may affect wood sourcing volumes due to the prescribed 
criteria or plantation management required to gain the necessary raw material volumes for production. These factors may 
lead to shortages of wood, higher raw material prices or both. 
UPM monitors regulatory changes in order to better adapt to the effects of such changes. However, there can be no 
assurance that UPM will be able to maintain its competitive position if legislative changes affecting its operations occur. 
In addition, any failure by UPM to comply with applicable laws, regulations, permits and licences could harm UPM’s 
reputation and result in fines and damages as well as loss of business. For more information on risks related to the 
compliance of applicable laws and regulations, see “—Operational Risks—UPM’s operations are subject to risks related 
to litigation and compliance that could result in sanctions and fines and have an adverse effect on UPM’s reputation” 
below. Changes in legislation may adversely affect UPM’s business and UPM’s competitiveness, which could have a 
material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
UPM faces various risks through its shareholding. 
UPM is a shareholder of Pohjolan Voima Oyj (“PVO”) which runs hydropower plants and thermal power plants in Finland. 
PVO supplies electricity to its shareholders on a cost-price principle (so called ‘Mankala-principle’) that is widely applied 
in the Finnish energy industry.  
Under the Mankala principle, electricity and/or heat is supplied to the shareholders in proportion to their ownership and 
each shareholder is, pursuant to the specific stipulations of the respective Articles of Association, severally responsible for 
its respective share of the production costs of the energy company concerned. PVO is the majority shareholder of

--- Page 17 ---
10306062790-v3 
15 
70-41087919 
 
Teollisuuden Voima Oyj (“TVO”) which runs three nuclear power plant units (OL1, OL2 and OL3).  See also “Description 
of the Issuer – Asset Base” below.  
Operational issues at any of PVO’s power plants could have an adverse effect on PVO’s business and financial position 
and, hence, on the fair value of UPM’s energy shareholding in PVO as well as on the market price of electricity or on the 
cost of energy UPM sources from PVO plants, which could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial 
condition or results of operations. For example, if OL3 fails to achieve the planned load factor or operating cost structure, 
the Finnish national grid limits its power level, or if the costs incurred by TVO due to grid load limitation make it 
unprofitable to operate at full power, there is a risk that production costs exceed the targeted profitability level. There can 
be no assurance that the cost of energy sourced from PVO will not be higher than the market price of electricity at the time. 
Declines in the fair value of UPM’s other shareholdings may also have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, 
financial condition or results of operations.  
UPM is exposed to risks related to climate change. 
UPM is exposed to a variety of risks related to climate change. Strategic risks related to climate change include risks 
concerning competition, markets, customers, products and regulation. For example, unpredictable regulation and subsidies 
may distort raw material, energy and final product markets and changing costs of greenhouse gas emissions may influence 
UPM’s financial performance. Detailed new legislation that, for example, does not adequately recognise the social, 
ecological and economic benefits of sustainable forestry and the forest industry’s role as a renewable replacement for fossil-
based production and consumption value chains, may expose UPM to risks related to main input cost increases, adverse 
changes in end-product demand, unpredictable requirements on sustainability, increased bureaucracy and related 
inefficiencies. Additionally, decisive carbon removal policies may require a rapid growth in carbon removal technology 
solutions but could also accelerate the tendency to optimise short-term actions that could lead to restrictions on wood-use 
and, therefore, have an adverse effect on UPM’s raw material supply. UPM believes that forest, wood-based products and 
low-carbon energy hold significant value creation potential with respect to renewable and recyclable products, but there 
can be no assurance that UPM will be successful in capturing this potential. See also “UPM’s operations are subject to 
risks related to litigation and compliance that could result in sanctions and fines and have an adverse effect on UPM’s 
reputation”.  
Other risks related to climate change particularly concern UPM’s supply chain as well as the availability and price of major 
inputs. Climate change may cause exceptional weather events, such as severe storms, floods and draughts, which could, 
for example, result in unpredictable hydropower availability and wood harvesting conditions. Exceptionally mild winter 
conditions with a reduced period of frozen soil in the Nordics could affect the harvesting and transport of wood, 
consequently undermining the stability of raw material supply and potentially increasing the cost of wood. Such scenarios 
could also increase the risk of production limitations. Climate change and extreme weather conditions caused by climate 
change may also have an adverse effect on UPM’s own forests and plantations as well as the price of electricity. See also 
“—Operational Risks—UPM is exposed to risks related to its forests and plantations” and “—Financial Risks—UPM is 
exposed to risks related to the price of electricity” below. 
Climate change may also negatively impact biodiversity i.e. the diversity and variation of species and ecosystems on our 
planet. UPM’s operations are widely linked with biodiversity; in particular, the most significant impacts on biodiversity 
arise from UPM’s wood sourcing activities. Biodiversity is instrumental in maintaining healthy forest growth and ensuring 
that forests adapt to the changing climate. Deteriorating biodiversity may cause significant adverse effects on the 
availability and acceptability of wood raw material needed to produce UPM’s products such as pulp, paper, timber and 
biofuels. 
As a response to the reduction of energy supply from Russia to Europe and North America, the EU, USA or other national 
governments may impose policies that temporarily hinder emission reductions, altering the climate change trajectory. 
Accordingly, the above-mentioned strategic, operational and financial risks caused by climate change could have a material 
adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
Loss of major customers and industry consolidation among UPM’s customer base could have a material adverse effect 
on UPM. 
UPM has several major customers, and the largest customer in terms of sales represented approximately 2 per cent. of 
UPM’s sales for the year ended 31 December 2024 (approximately 2 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2023) and 
the ten largest customers represented approximately 13 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2024 (approximately 
13 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2023).  Although UPM is not dependent on any specific customer or group of 
customers, the loss of its major customers, if not replaced on similar terms, could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s 
business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, should the size of, and exposure to, specific customers 
increase in connection with industry consolidation, such customers could exert increased bargaining power on all of their 
suppliers, including UPM, which could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of 
operations. UPM is also exposed to risks related to any deterioration of a major customer group’s financial condition which

--- Page 18 ---
10306062790-v3 
16 
70-41087919 
 
could negatively impact sales and revenues. See “—Financial Risks—UPM may not be able to collect payments for its 
receivables” below. 
UPM may not be successful in product development and innovation and may face IPR invalidation acts. 
The future growth and success of UPM depends on its continued ability to identify and respond to changes in industry 
preferences and to market products and services in changing markets. The demand for daily consumer goods and the need 
for packaging materials and labelling is expected to continue increasing with population growth and rising living standards. 
Meanwhile sustainable consumer choices are expected to create a growing demand for sustainably produced products. 
UPM expects that the replacement of fossil-based materials with sustainable alternatives presents value creation 
opportunities, which UPM aims to realise with the innovation of renewable, recyclable and low-impact alternatives. Despite 
research and product development being an important part of UPM’s strategy, particularly with regard to new businesses, 
such as wood-based biofuels, biochemicals and biomedicals, there can be no assurance that UPM will be successful in 
developing or commercialising new products and/or solutions, or that UPM’s customers will accept such new products or 
solutions. The return on investment of new or enhanced existing products and solutions may, therefore, not meet targets or 
improve UPM’s competitiveness, which could have a material adverse effect on the demand for UPM’s products and 
services and, thus, on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
UPM has a broad patent portfolio and new patent applications are filed annually. There is always a risk that third parties 
make efforts to limit the scope of protection or invalidate the granted intellectual property rights (“IPR”). In some cases 
UPM’s IPR protection scope might be limited or the rights may be revoked, which might have a material adverse effect 
on its business, financial condition or results of operations. See also “—Operational Risks—Certain technologies used by 
UPM are subject to the intellectual property rights of third parties” below. 
Corporate acquisitions and divestments expose UPM to a number of risks. 
UPM’s strategy is to grow its businesses with strong long-term fundamentals and sustainable competitive advantage. This 
may result in acquisitions of new businesses or divestments of existing businesses or parts thereof. Carrying out corporate 
mergers, acquisitions and divestments involves risks relating to the successful implementation of a divestment and the 
ability to integrate and manage acquired businesses, systems, IPR, culture and personnel successfully. In addition, the cost 
of an acquisition may prove high and/or the anticipated economies of scale or synergies may not materialise. Hidden 
liabilities of an acquired company (e.g., competition law liabilities) may also constitute significant risk in relation to 
potential acquisitions. UPM may not be able to identify attractive acquisition or merger opportunities or ensure the strategic 
fit, right valuation and effective integration of acquisitions despite its acquisition preparations and stakeholder engagement, 
which could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations. Regulation of 
merger or acquisition activity by competition authorities may also limit UPM’s ability to make future acquisitions or 
mergers.  
UPM may also divest operations or assets to focus on strategic areas. Any future divestments may be affected by many 
factors that are beyond UPM’s control, such as the availability of financing to potential buyers, interest rates and acquirers’ 
capacity, regulatory approval processes, and divestments may also expose UPM to indemnity claims. Furthermore, 
divestments may involve additional costs due to historical and unaccounted liabilities. There can be no assurance that UPM 
will be able to divest assets in a profitable way, or that such divestments will be possible on acceptable terms, or at all. The 
profitability of corporate acquisitions and divestments may differ from UPM’s expectations, which could have a material 
adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations. Large corporate transactions may also 
require extensive management attention and cause reputational issues, which would divert the attention of UPM’s 
management away from UPM’s everyday business. 
Operational Risks 
Fluctuations in the prices of major inputs, as well as changes in their availability could have a material adverse effect 
on UPM’s results of operations. 
The main inputs required in the manufacturing of UPM’s products are wood, fibre, energy, chemicals and water. The prices 
for many of these major production inputs have been volatile in the recent years and are expected to remain volatile for the 
foreseeable future, which may have an adverse effect on the general profitability of the industries in which UPM operates.  
Governmental protection and trade protection measures, amplified by Russia’s war in Ukraine, geopolitical tensions, 
sanctions or trade restrictions, could also have an effect on the price and availability of raw materials as, for example, 
further export ban policies may be enacted to protect forests or to bolster domestic industries, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the cost and availability of raw materials and utilities for UPM. See also “—Strategic Risks—An uncertain 
economic and political operating environment could have an effect on the markets and regions in which UPM operates” 
above. It is also uncertain how the EU energy policies may affect the availability and costs of fibre and energy. See also 
“—Financial Risks—UPM is exposed to risks related to the price of electricity” below. Climate change may contribute to

--- Page 19 ---
10306062790-v3 
17 
70-41087919 
 
the increased price volatility of UPM’s major production inputs. For example, exceptionally mild winter conditions could 
potentially increase the price of wood as described in “—Strategic Risks—UPM is exposed to risks related to climate 
change” above. Also, any adverse changes in the current forestry practices and level of harvesting due to negative public 
opinion towards harvesting or regulatory restrictions could have an adverse effect on the raw material supply and may 
increase the cost of wood.  
For the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, the costs and expenses for raw materials, consumables and goods 
accounted for 51 per cent. and 64 per cent. of UPM’s operating expenses, respectively. Significant increases in the prices 
of UPM’s major inputs could increase UPM’s operating expenses and, thus, have an adverse effect on the profitability of 
UPM’s operations. Despite UPM’s efforts to mitigate possible risks related to price fluctuations of raw materials and 
energy, there can be no assurance that increases in the prices of raw materials and/or energy will not occur. Due to existing 
customer contracts or prevailing market conditions, UPM may not be able to adjust product prices at the same pace in order 
to pass these cost increases on to customers and maintain its margins, which may have an adverse effect on the profitability 
of UPM. This could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
UPM’s operations may be interrupted due to risks associated with its supplier and subcontractor network and raw 
materials procurement. 
UPM’s business operations depend on a large number of suppliers and contractors. The majority of UPM’s need for wood 
is covered by suppliers, and other production inputs, such as chemicals, fillers and recovered paper, are fully obtained from 
suppliers. Disruptions in the supply of key inputs or transportation services could have a significant effect on manufacturing 
operations. This could, for example, result in interruption or downscaling of production, consolidation of suppliers, change 
in the product mix or increased costs resulting from price increases for critical inputs or transportation services as well as 
shifts in the availability and price of wood, which could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial 
condition or results of operations.  
Due to Russia’s war in Ukraine, the EU has imposed bans on wood product exports as well as imports and prohibitions on 
Russian transportation operators entering the EU. Prior to this import ban, wood imports from Russia represented 
approximately 10 per cent of UPM’s wood sourcing volumes. The affected forest industry companies have developed 
alternative sources of wood with new and/or longer transportation routes as well as making changes to production processes 
and operating models. These developments have caused changes in the delivery price of wood, significantly reduced the 
availability of wood and therefore pressured the profitability of end products, especially for UPM Pulp in Finland. Since 
March 2022, UPM businesses have suspended deliveries to Russia as well as wood sourcing in and from Russia. The 
continuation of Russia’s war in Ukraine or new countries or regions becoming excluded from major forest certification 
systems could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations. Supplier 
consolidation or the ripple effects of Russia’s war in Ukraine could also limit the number of suppliers from which UPM is 
able to source its production inputs and could materially affect the prices paid by UPM for these inputs, which could 
negatively impact UPM’s margins and its results of operations. 
Notwithstanding UPM’s detailed Supplier and Third Party Code, which defines the minimum level of performance that 
UPM requires from its suppliers and third-party intermediaries, there can be no assurances that UPM is successful in 
ensuring that all applicable laws and regulations or corporate policies in the supply chain are fully complied with. These 
could lead to interruptions in UPM’s operations as well as legal processes, fines or serious reputational damages impacting 
the value of UPM, which could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of 
operations.  
UPM is subject to risks relating to the management and execution of large investment projects. 
Investment projects in UPM’s businesses such as pulp, biochemicals, biofuels, energy or specialty paper are often large 
and take one or more years to complete. Participation in large projects involves risks, such as cost overruns, shortage of 
man-power, financial distress of suppliers, accidents or delays, as well as non-achievement of the economic targets set for 
the investment. Currently, UPM’s largest ongoing project is a biochemicals refinery in Germany. The commissioning and 
start-up phase initiated in late 2024. The integrated commercial production is expected to start in the second half of 2025 
and is expected to reach full production in 2027. This project involves the development of new business concepts and 
technologies. For more information on the project, see “Description of the Issuer—Business Strategy— Decarbonisation 
solutions”. See also “—Strategic Risks—UPM may not be successful in product development and innovation and may fail 
to protect intellectual property rights” above.  
UPM is responsible for many projects in several of its countries of operation at any given time. All projects involve 
technical and operational risks, and projects require continuous operational planning, steering and supervision, quality 
control, input procurement, scheduling as well as resource and cost monitoring. Managing several projects requires that 
UPM has sufficient resources and efficient processes, so that several overlapping internal teams and supplier networks can 
be managed simultaneously. In addition, persistent port congestion issues, transportation bottlenecks, and rising logistics 
or construction costs, all of which could be resulting from external events or market conditions beyond UPM’s control,

--- Page 20 ---
10306062790-v3 
18 
70-41087919 
 
may have an adverse effect on the execution or profitability of investment projects. For example, UPM’s biochemicals 
project in Germany is proceeding, but some changes to the timelines of the project have occurred and may occur due to 
supply chain disruptions, supplier bankruptcies or infrastructure failures, quality issues, or due to limitations and 
bottlenecks in global logistics and supply chains, which may have an adverse effect on the project. Although UPM has 
experience in large projects in various businesses and locations around the world, any problems related to the management 
and execution of large projects, could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of 
operations. 
Unavailability of information systems as well as cybersecurity breaches could adversely affect UPM’s operations. 
UPM’s production and business operations depend on the availability of supporting information systems and network 
services. Unplanned interruptions in UPM’s or suppliers’ critical information system services, loss of critical, financial or 
personal data due to reasons beyond UPM’s or its suppliers’ control, such as power cuts, software or telecommunication 
errors or major disasters, such as fires or natural disasters, as well as user errors by UPM’s own personnel or suppliers, can 
potentially cause major damage to UPM’s businesses and disruptions to the continuity of operations. Furthermore, UPM’s 
and its suppliers’ information systems may be exposed to various cybersecurity risks. Malicious cyber intrusion could 
cause leakage of sensitive information, violation of data privacy regulations, theft of intellectual property, AI-generated 
misinformation or disinformation, production outages at UPM or its suppliers and damage to UPM’s reputation. 
Cybersecurity risk is generally heightened in times of conflict and political tension.  For example, there has been increased 
malicious activity originating from Russia following Russia’s war in Ukraine and Finland and Sweden joining NATO. 
UPM has protective cybersecurity controls to mitigate cybersecurity risks, but there can be no assurance that UPM’s 
existing and planned controls are successful, and the materialisation of such risks could damage UPM’s reputation, result 
in loss of business and have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
UPM’s operations are subject to risks related to litigation and compliance that could result in sanctions and fines and 
have an adverse effect on UPM’s reputation. 
UPM operates globally in a large number of jurisdictions and is subject to multiple regulatory frameworks at a time of 
stricter and more complex legislation and increased enforcement activity and initiatives worldwide in areas such as 
competition law, export control and sanctions, data privacy, anti-corruption, human rights, supply chain due diligence, 
climate change and health and safety regulations. Recent years have also seen an increase in investor and regulatory 
attention to environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) and cybersecurity matters. A lack of harmonisation globally in 
relation to ESG reform or cybersecurity regulations and the different pace at which legislators and regulators across the 
globe operate adds further complexity to the regulatory environment. UPM may from time to time be involved in litigation 
and other similar proceedings or it could become subject to various claims and actions based on various grounds. For 
example, the economic sanctions imposed on Russia and Russia’s countersanctions, or other retaliatory measures may 
increase the risk of litigation and claims in Russia or investigations from the EU, USA or UK in relation to potential 
violations of sanctions imposed as a result of Russia’s war in Ukraine. Globally regulatory enforcement activities and 
jurisdictional reach regarding competition law issues and anticorruption have increased. There can be no assurance that 
ongoing or future litigation, claims and disagreements involving UPM will not result in material expenses for UPM or 
harm its reputation and thus, have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
UPM has significant manufacturing operations or sourcing in several developing countries, some of which are perceived 
as highly corrupt or corrupt according to Transparency International. In these countries, there is an increased risk of 
corruption, for example in relation to interaction with government officials and in the use of intermediaries when applying 
for permits and licences requiring governmental approval.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, UPM is not aware of any significant claim or demand for compensation against any 
UPM employee, officer, director or entity. However, there can be no assurance that UPM’s internal control measures will 
detect and prevent misbehaviour by individual employees, suppliers or third-party intermediaries as well as violations at 
UPM’s partners and other companies in which UPM has an interest. Breaches of applicable laws and regulations or 
corporate policies by UPM employees may lead to legal processes, sanctions and fines as well as reputational damages 
effecting UPM’s operations, which could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results 
of operations. 
UPM may face industrial actions that could adversely affect UPM’s operations. 
UPM is subject to the risk of industrial actions, which could disrupt its business operations or the business operations of 
its stakeholders and adversely affect UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations. UPM has experienced 
work stoppages in the past, for example, an industry-wide strike in Finland affected UPM’s operations in the beginning of 
2020. In the beginning of 2022, members of the Paperworkers’ Union, the Finnish Electrical Workers’ Union and the Trade 
Union Pro started strikes at UPM mills in Jämsänkoski, Kouvola, Lappeenranta, Pietarsaari, Rauma, Tampere and 
Valkeakoski, Finland. In addition, in March and early April 2024, several unions in Finland went on strike due to political

--- Page 21 ---
10306062790-v3 
19 
70-41087919 
 
reasons which affected UPM’s operations in Finland. Any future strikes or other industrial actions in UPM’s operations or 
in related sectors (such as transport and the chemical industry), could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business 
operations. Additionally, public dissatisfaction with UPM’s labour-related decisions may, in extreme cases, lead to 
unanticipated boycotts or disruptions at its facilities or construction sites. Any future industrial actions and/or adverse 
employee relations could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations in 
the future. 
Natural disaster, fire, accident or other calamity at UPM’s production facilities could have a material adverse effect on 
UPM. 
UPM operates a significant number of production facilities globally that are exposed to risks related to environment, fires, 
natural events, machinery breakdowns, site security, occupational health and safety, military actions and nationalisation of 
assets. If UPM’s production facilities were to experience a major accident or were forced to shut down or curtail production 
due to such unforeseen events, such as a leak or spill due to malfunction or human error, this could cause major interruptions 
in UPM’s operations and result in significant costs in order to clean up and repair any potential damages to the production 
plant and the surrounding areas, which could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or 
results of operations. Any failure to maintain high levels of safety management could also result in physical injury, sickness 
(including pandemics) or liability to UPM’s employees, contractors or third parties, which could, in turn, result in liability 
towards employees or third parties, impairment of UPM’s reputation or inability to attract and retain skilled employees.   
UPM’s insurance programme provides coverage for insurable hazard risks, subject to insurance terms and conditions, but 
despite UPM’s efforts for continuous safety improvements and established risk management procedures, health and safety 
precautions and loss prevention programmes, there can be no assurances that UPM’s efforts will be successful in preventing 
all accidents or other calamities at its production facilities, or that UPM’s insurance coverage would adequately cover all 
or any of such costs, if such an incident were to occur. This could have a material adverse effect on the efficiency of UPM’s 
production facilities, its reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations. 
UPM is exposed to risks related to its forests and plantations. 
Currently, UPM owns forest and plantation land in Finland, Uruguay and the United States. As at 31 December 2024, UPM 
owned 522,000 hectares of forest land in Finland, making it one of the largest private owners of forest land in Finland, 
76,000 hectares of forest land in the United States, 318,000 hectares of own eucalyptus plantation land, grasslands and 
conservation areas and 174,000 hectares of leased plantation land in Uruguay. The value of UPM’s forest assets (i.e., 
standing trees) amounted to EUR 2,517 million as at 31 December 2024 (EUR 2,355 million as at 31 December 2023).  
UPM’s forests and plantations may be affected by the impacts of climate change, which include more frequent and severe 
extreme weather conditions such as heavy rainfall, storms, floods and drought. Climate change is expected to have the 
biggest physical effect on UPM’s forest lands in Finland, where temperatures are expected to rise more significantly and 
rapidly compared with other countries where UPM owns forest assets. Although forest growth will likely accelerate, 
particularly in Finland, due to the longer growing season, extreme weather conditions will intensify, presenting new risks. 
The increase of droughts and forest fires are estimated to pose the most significant risks for UPM’s business arising from 
forests or plantations. Damage caused by insects and tree diseases is also becoming increasingly common, which could 
also have an adverse effect on the value of UPM’s forest assets. Should these risks materialise, they could harm UPM’s 
forests and plantations resulting in production interruption and additional costs, which could have a material adverse effect 
on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
UPM is exposed to risks relating to its strategic partners. 
UPM currently collaborates with many partners. For example, product development in the biofuels, bioenergy or 
biochemicals increases the importance of partnerships in the search for new products and businesses or higher efficiency. 
Partnerships may, however, create risks to UPM’s profitability, for example, through changes occurring within the partner 
entity or changes in how the partnership operates. UPM is also subject to the risk that its strategic partners do not comply 
with UPM’s Code of Conduct thereby, damaging UPM’s reputation. This risk relates particularly to partners not complying 
with applicable law and regulation relating to anti-corruption, competition, HR practices, human rights, responsible 
sourcing and environmental matters. See also “—UPM’s operations are subject to risks related to litigation and compliance 
that could result in sanctions and fines and have an adverse effect on UPM’s reputation” above. 
Partnership arrangements may also be too rigid to enable timely changes required, for example, in connection with changes 
in the market conditions or the economy. Furthermore, UPM’s partners may have different targets with respect to the 
business of the partnerships and there can be no assurance that, in such situations, UPM will be able to reach an agreement 
with its partners. As UPM may not have sole control over strategic direction and operational output of these entities, its 
partners may have the right to make certain decisions on key business matters with which UPM does not agree. In some 
cases, strategic partners may choose not to continue partnerships that they have with UPM.

--- Page 22 ---
10306062790-v3 
20 
70-41087919 
 
Russia’s war in Ukraine caused price increases and supply chain constraints including shortages of raw materials, and 
contributed to inflationary pressures globally, which may cause financial distress for UPM’s key partners and trigger 
various negotiations, such as renegotiation of existing agreements, and other processes that may lead to delays or cost 
increases for UPM. Any of these factors could affect UPM’s ability to pursue its strategies with respect to such entities, 
which may have an adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
Certain technologies used by UPM are subject to the intellectual property rights of third parties. 
Risks related to IPR claims and disputes have been assessed to increase and a successful IPR infringement claim or other 
similar proceeding against UPM could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s development of solutions and services 
and, thus, also on UPM’s competitiveness, business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition to UPM’s own 
IPR portfolio, UPM licences certain technologies developed by third parties. Evaluating the rights related to the third-party 
technologies UPM uses or intends to use is increasingly challenging. Licensing third party technology exposes UPM to 
such risks as the increase of overall licensing costs, loss of negotiation power, the validity of such licensing arrangements 
and potential infringement claims, which could restrict UPM’s ability to use certain technologies, prevent the delivery of 
UPM’s products and/or result in costly and time-consuming litigation, which could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s 
business, financial condition or results of operations.  
UPM may be unable to recruit or retain diversely skilled personnel. 
The success of UPM’s business largely depends on the ability to attract and retain a skilled and diverse workforce at all 
levels of the business and build the necessary new capabilities required for future growth. UPM is continuously developing 
its employee experience, leadership culture, evaluating its recruitment, compensation policies and career development 
opportunities and taking measures to attract and retain diversely skilled personnel and individuals with rare and pivotal 
specialist skills in order to avoid shortages of appropriately competent and diverse personnel in the future. As UPM believes 
developing products, services, processes and technical solutions is key to improving resource efficiency, sustainability and 
competitiveness, it must hire and retain an increasing number of employees with different skills and professional 
expectations. See “—Strategic Risks—UPM may not be successful in product development and innovation and may fail to 
protect intellectual property rights” above. Should UPM fail to attract, retain, develop, train and motivate qualified, 
engaged and diverse employees at all levels, it could have an adverse effect on UPM’s long-term profitability and value 
creation, competitiveness as well as development and continuation of its business operations, which could have a material 
adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
Financial Risks 
Fluctuations in foreign exchange and interest rates could have a material adverse effect on UPM. 
As a consequence of the global nature of its business, UPM is exposed to risks associated with changes in exchange rates, 
primarily with respect to the U.S. dollar, Uruguayan peso, British pound sterling and Chinese yuan. Foreign exchange risk 
arises from contracted and expected commercial future payment flows (transaction exposure), changes in value of 
recognised assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currency and changes in the value of assets and liabilities in foreign 
subsidiaries (translation exposure). 
UPM has several currency denominated assets and liabilities on its balance sheet such as foreign currency bonds, loans and 
deposits, group internal loans and cash in other currencies than functional currencies. UPM aims to fully hedge this balance 
sheet translation exposure, however, UPM may have unhedged balance sheet exposures within the limits set in UPM’s 
treasury policy. UPM also has accounts receivable and payable balances denominated in foreign currencies and aims to 
fully hedge the net exposure in main currencies. UPM’s net investments in foreign subsidiaries are also subject to foreign 
currency translation differences and are accumulated as a separate component of equity in the translation reserve, relating 
mainly to U.S. dollar, Chinese yuan and British pound sterling. Currency exposure arising from the net investment in 
foreign subsidiaries is generally not hedged. Derivatives used for hedging translation risks include external forward 
contracts, cross currency swaps and currency options. 
In addition to the direct effect that these risks could have on UPM’s earnings and cash flow, fluctuating exchange rates can 
also have indirect effects, such as change in UPM’s relative competitiveness between currency regions. Materialisation of 
any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations, and 
there can be no assurance that the hedging of such risks will be sufficient. 
Further, interest-bearing liabilities and assets expose UPM to risks related to interest rates, namely the risk of higher 
financing costs due to higher interest rates and the risk of repricing and fair value interest rate risks caused by movements 
in interest rates. Although UPM manages its interest rate exposure, there can be no assurance that interest rate fluctuations 
will not have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations.

--- Page 23 ---
10306062790-v3 
21 
70-41087919 
 
UPM could encounter difficulties in refinancing its debt and financing its operations. 
Under all circumstances, UPM seeks to maintain adequate liquidity, which depends on a number of factors, such as the 
availability of cash flows from operations and access to additional debt and equity financing. UPM aims to ensure sufficient 
liquidity by means of efficient cash management and restricting financial investments to investment types that can readily 
be converted into cash and by keeping a sufficient amount of unused committed credit lines and/or cash as a reserve. UPM 
aims to minimise refinancing risks by ensuring a balanced loan portfolio maturity profile and sufficiently long maturities. 
UPM’s average loan maturity as at 31 December 2024 was 5.5 years (5.1 years in 2023).  
There can be no assurance that UPM will be able to obtain, on a timely basis or at all, sufficient funds on acceptable terms 
to provide adequate liquidity if cash flows from operations, unused committed credit lines and cash reserves prove to be 
insufficient. Failure to generate additional funds, whether from operations or additional debt or equity financings, may, for 
example, require UPM to delay or abandon some or all of its strategy initiatives, including ongoing investment projects, or 
to modify its business strategy, which could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or 
results of operations. In addition, any future adverse developments, such as deterioration in the financial markets and a 
worsening of general economic conditions, may adversely affect UPM’s ability to borrow additional funds as well as the 
cost and other terms of the funding. Global financial markets have experienced, and may continue to experience, volatility 
and liquidity disruptions due to Russia’s war in Ukraine, other geopolitical events or policies of the new U.S. presidential 
administration For example, during 2022 UPM’s net debt increased due to cash flow impacts of energy hedging driven by 
the increase in energy futures prices and volatility in the energy markets due to impacts of Russia’s war in Ukraine. 
Similarly, a higher interest rate environment could result in higher financing costs for UPM. These factors may adversely 
affect UPM’s funding costs and access to funding and ultimately affect UPM’s ability to finance its operations, which 
could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
UPM is exposed to risks related to the price of electricity. 
Electricity prices rely on weather, fossil fuel and emission allowance prices as well as the balance of supply and demand. 
Historically the largest weather factors influencing power price have been (i) temperature, impacting heating and cooling 
energy demand, and (ii) precipitation, impacting hydro power production volumes. As the share of variable wind and solar 
power grows in the power system and fossil fuel-fired power plants are phased out, the volatility in the electricity market 
price increases. UPM’s sensitivity to the electricity market price is dependent on the electricity production and consumption 
levels as well as UPM’s hedging levels. At the group level, UPM generates more electricity than it consumes. However, 
there are geographical differences, for example UPM being a net seller in Finland and a net buyer in Central Europe. UPM’s 
hedging objective is to reduce the earnings volatility that arises from the volatile electricity prices.  
Despite UPM hedging both sales price of power production and power purchases, such hedging levels may not be sufficient 
in reducing the earnings volatility that arises from electricity prices, which could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s 
business, financial condition or results of operations. Adverse developments in the price of electricity may also have an 
effect on the value of UPM’s energy shareholdings and derivatives. 
Following Russia’s war in Ukraine, Europe significantly reduced energy imports from Russia. Before the war, Europe was 
heavily dependent on Russian natural gas. The sudden and rapid decrease in the supply of Russian natural gas increased 
European natural gas prices and caused significant volatility in power prices. The electricity price in Finland reached an 
all-time-high in 2022, falling to more normal levels in 2023 and 2024. Geopolitical events could cause further disruptions 
in European natural gas supply in the future.  
A substantial part of UPM’s electricity hedging arrangements is concluded via exchanges with futures contracts. During 
the period of elevated electricity prices and increased volatility in 2022, the margining requirements from UPM’s electricity 
futures position increased significantly. While UPM’s futures position have decreased considerably after 2022, there can 
be no assurances that such volatility and high futures position will not occur again in the future. An inability to meet margin 
payment obligations due to a lack of liquidity may negatively impact UPM’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
issued under the Programme and could have material adverse effects on UPM’s business and cash flow, financial condition 
and results of operations (see also “Financial Risks – UPM could encounter difficulties in refinancing its debt and financing 
its operations”). 
UPM’s tax burden could increase due to changes in tax laws or regulations or their application or interpretation, or as 
a result of tax audits.  
Due to the international nature of UPM’s business, its tax burden is dependent on specific aspects of tax laws and 
regulations in several jurisdictions, in particular with regard to transfer pricing rules. Related companies and permanent 
establishments must conduct any inter-company transactions on an arm’s length basis and provide appropriate 
documentation thereof, subject to applicable rules of the relevant jurisdiction.  
The government of Uruguay has granted many free-trade zone permits for domestic and foreign investments, including the 
permit to UPM’s pulp mills to operate in free-trade zones, whereby taxes in Uruguay consist mainly of taxes on property

--- Page 24 ---
10306062790-v3 
22 
70-41087919 
 
and equity and annual tax-like charges paid to the Uruguayan government for the development of the zone.  In China, 
UPM, as a paper producer, qualifies as a high-tech enterprise with a reduced corporate income tax rate. Also, in countries 
where UPM’s companies are using tax losses from previous years to offset tax liability of the year in question, such as 
Germany, no or only limited corporate income taxes are paid. UPM is also a significant energy consumer, and most of the 
energy used in the productions processes is subject to energy taxes. Within the EU, energy taxation laws allow member 
states to compensate for the energy taxes paid or apply lower tax rates to industrial production. There can be no assurance 
that UPM will be able benefit from tax reliefs in the future.   
In December 2022, EU member states reached agreement to implement at EU level the minimum taxation component, 
known as Pillar Two, of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development’s ("OECD") reform of 
international taxation. The entities in scope will be liable to pay a top-up tax for the difference between their Global Anti-
Base Erosion("GloBE") effective tax rate per jurisdiction and the 15 per cent. minimum rate. UPM is within the scope of 
the OECD Pillar Two model rules and it applies the IAS 12 exception to recognising and disclosing information about 
deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two income taxes. The Pillar Two legislation was enacted in Finland, the 
jurisdiction in which UPM is incorporated, and came into effect on 1 January 2024. The Group expects to incur top-up 
taxes for the difference between its GloBE effective tax rate per jurisdiction and the 15 per cent. minimum tax rate. Uruguay 
is the primary jurisdiction where UPM may face additional Pillar Two income taxes. The financial impact will depend on 
the results of UPM’s Uruguayan subsidiaries and the decrease in the substance-based income exclusion in accordance with 
the OECD Pillar Two model rules in subsequent years. The assessment is based on currently available information and 
analysis regarding the interpretation of the rules for which the OECD is still developing additional guidance. Changes in 
tax laws or regulations, such as the OECD/G20 statement on global tax reform (Pillar One and Pillar Two), or their 
interpretation or application could significantly increase UPM’s tax burden, which could have a material adverse effect on 
UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations.  
The tax authorities may also challenge views taken by UPM and, consequently, order additional taxes or reject tax refund 
claims. UPM is, from time to time, subject to general tax audits or other review actions by the national tax and other 
authorities. As a result of such audits or other review actions, additional taxes (including, for example, income taxes, 
withholding taxes, real estate taxes, capital taxes, transfer taxes and value added taxes) could be assessed, for example, due 
to different interpretations of the local legislation and double tax treaties. 
Failure to effectively manage credit and counterparty risk could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s financial 
condition and results of operations. 
UPM is exposed to operational credit risk, that is, the risk of UPM not being able to collect the payments for its receivables. 
A possible weakening of the economy including impacts from geopolitical events may increase UPM’s credit risk. Potential 
concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade and other receivables are, however, limited due to the large number and 
the geographic dispersion of UPM’s customers, and consequently, UPM does not have a significant concentration of 
customer credit risk. The ten largest customers accounted for approximately 20 per cent. of UPM’s trade receivables as at 
31 December 2024 and 19 per cent. as at 31 December 2023, amounting to approximately EUR 288 million, and 
approximately EUR 239 million, respectively.  
UPM has a credit policy in place and the exposure to credit risk is monitored on an ongoing basis. Customer credit limits 
are established and monitored, and ongoing evaluations of their financial condition is performed. Measures to reduce credit 
risk include also trade credit insurances, letter of credits, prepayments and bank guarantees. However, there can be no 
assurance that these measures will be successful in preventing the realisation of customer credit risk that could have a 
material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
The financial instruments UPM has entered into contain an element of risk of the counterparties being unable to meet their 
obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on UPM’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
According to UPM’s policies, derivative instruments may be entered into and investments of cash funds made only with 
counterparties meeting certain creditworthiness criteria. UPM also tries to minimise counterparty risk by using a number 
of major financial institutions. UPM’s ability to effectively manage its counterparty-related risks depends on a number of 
factors, including market conditions affecting its counterparties, and its ability to mitigate exposure with acceptable terms. 
Risk Relating to the Notes 
Regulation of benchmarks may lead to future reforms or discontinuation. 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are 
deemed to be benchmarks have been subject to significant regulatory scrutiny and legislative intervention in recent years.  
This relates not only to creation and administration of benchmarks, but, also, to the use of a benchmark rate.   In the EU, 
for example, the Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision of, contribution of input data to, and the use of, a 
benchmark within the EU.

--- Page 25 ---
10306062790-v3 
23 
70-41087919 
 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another  benchmark rate or 
index – for example, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in the future in order to comply with 
the terms of the Benchmark Regulation or other similar legislation, or if a critical benchmark is discontinued or is 
determined by a regulator to be "no longer representative". Such factors could (amongst other things) have the effect of 
reducing or increasing the rate or level or may affect the volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark.  They 
may also have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain 
"benchmarks", trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks", or lead to the discontinuance 
or unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks".  
Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it 
remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with 
the Euro Short Term Rate ("€STR") or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, 
could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as further described in 
Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation), or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such 
benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that 
is subject to reform).  Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of 
alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the 
term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based 
on the same benchmark. 
The administrator of Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") or 
€STR or any related indices may make changes that could change the value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related 
index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index. 
Newer reference rates or any related indices and rates that fall outside the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation may also 
be subject to changes or discontinuation. For example, the Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or the 
European Central Bank (or their successors) as administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and 
the SOFR Compounded Index) or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change the 
value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such risk-free rate is 
calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR or €STR, or timing related to 
the publication of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or 
suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index (in which case a fallback method of 
determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of 
Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate.  
Interest rate "fallback" arrangements may lead to Notes performing differently or the effective application of a "fixed 
rate"  
If a relevant benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) 
becomes unavailable, or a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (each as defined in the Conditions), as 
applicable, occurs, the Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements. Such fallback arrangements including the 
possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor 
rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant 
governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, 
although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in 
the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark 
continued to apply. It is also possible that such an event may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue date for a Series 
of Notes. Moreover, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and 
the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions) in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. Additionally, in certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback of 
interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used 
which may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last 
observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks arising 
from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark.

--- Page 26 ---
10306062790-v3 
24 
70-41087919 
 
Methodologies for the calculation of risk-free rates (including overnight rates or forward-looking rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes may vary and may evolve. 
Risk-free rates, such as SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates for Eurobonds, have become more commonly used as 
benchmark rates for bonds in recent years.  Most of the rates are backwards-looking, but the methodologies to calculate 
the risk-free rates are not uniform.  Such different methodologies may result in slightly different interest amounts being 
determined in respect of otherwise similar securities. 
The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, the SOFR 
Compounded Index or €STR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous 
Notes issued by it under this Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in 
reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free 
rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
Such variations could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or might otherwise affect the market price of any 
Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time.  In addition, investors should consider 
how any mismatch between applicable conventions for the use of reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets 
may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. Investors should consider these matters when making their 
investment decision with respect to any Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related indices. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared 
with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors 
should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives 
markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes which reference 
SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related indices. 
It is not possible to calculate interest rates in advance for Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related 
indices 
Interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being determined immediately prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  It may therefore be difficult for investors in Notes which reference such risk-free 
rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being determined 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may therefore be difficult for investors in Notes which reference 
such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. Further, in contrast to 
Notes linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as a result 
of an Event of Default under Condition 13 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an 
Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a 
shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for 
redemption. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds with a specific use of proceeds, may not meet investor expectations or requirements.  
The Final Terms relating to a specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it is the Issuer's intention to apply an amount 
which, at the Issue Date of the relevant Notes, is equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such Notes to finance and/or 
refinance projects and/or assets that promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes in accordance with the 
Issuer's Green Finance Framework (as amended or updated from time to time, the "Green Finance Framework"). A 
prospective investor should have regard to the information set out, or referred to, in the Green Finance Framework and 
determine for itself the relevance of such information for the purpose of an investment in such Notes together with any 
other investigation it deems necessary. 
No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that such use of proceeds will satisfy any present or future 
investment criteria or guidelines with which an investor is required, or intends, to comply, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any project or uses, the subject of or related to, the Green 
Finance Framework (including in relation to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening criteria, the 
EU Green Bond Regulation, SFDR, and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the 
United Kingdom or any market standards or guidance, including the ICMA Principles)).  
No assurance can be given that Eligible Green Projects and Assets will meet investor expectations or requirements 
regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including but not limited to the EU Taxonomy Regulation 
and any related technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, SFDR, and any implementing legislation and

--- Page 27 ---
10306062790-v3 
25 
70-41087919 
 
guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom or any market standards or guidance, including the ICMA 
Principles) or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time to time. Any Green Bonds issued under the 
Programme will not be compliant with the EU Green Bond Regulation (which, among other things, established a voluntary 
label for European green bonds and lays down uniform requirements for issuers that wish to use the designation European 
green bond or 'EuGB' label and the conditions for external review of bonds using such label) and are only intended to 
comply with the requirements and processes in the Green Finance Framework. It is not clear if the establishment under the 
EU Green Bond Regulation of the EuGB label and the optional disclosures templates for bonds marketed as 
"environmentally sustainable" could have an impact on investor demand for, and pricing of, green/social/sustainable use 
of proceeds bonds that do not comply with the requirements of the EuGB label or the optional disclosures templates, such 
as the Green Bonds issued under this Programme. It could result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise 
affect the market price of any Green Bonds issued under this Programme that do not comply with the requirements of the 
EU Green Bond Regulation. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds for 
Eligible Green Projects and Assets, in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus and the applicable 
Final Terms, there is no contractual obligation to do so. There can be no assurance that any such Eligible Green Projects 
and Assets will be available or capable of being implemented in, or substantially in, the manner anticipated and, 
accordingly, that the Issuer will be able to use an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such Green Bonds for 
such Eligible Green Projects and Assets as intended. In addition, there can be no assurance that Eligible Green Projects and 
Assets will be completed as expected or achieve the impacts or outcomes (environmental, social or otherwise) originally 
expected or anticipated. 
A failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds to meet investor expectations or requirements as to their "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or equivalent characteristics including the failure to apply proceeds for Eligible Green Projects and 
Assets, the failure to provide, or the withdrawal of, a third party opinion or certification, the Notes ceasing to be listed or 
admitted to trading on any dedicated stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect 
on the value of such Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green 
assets (which consequences may include the need to sell the Notes as a result of the Notes not falling within the investor's 
investment criteria or mandate). 
The Issuer does not undertake to ensure that there are at any time sufficient Eligible Green Projects and Assets to allow for 
allocation of an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such Green Bonds in full. In addition, the Issuer may 
amend, replace or supplement its Green Finance Framework from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders. 
Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Issuer's Green Finance Framework and the 
relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other 
professional adviser regarding its purchase of any Green Bonds before deciding to invest. The Issuer's Green Finance 
Framework may be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn 
from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer's 
Green Finance Framework does not form part of, nor is it incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification of any third 
party relating to any Green Bonds. 
The Issuer has obtained the Second Party Opinion. The Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental 
and related considerations and is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. No representation or assurance is given as 
to the suitability or reliability of any opinion, report or certification of any third party made (including any post-issuance 
reports prepared by an external reviewer) made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds. The 
Second Party Opinion and any such opinion, report or certification or post-issuance report is not intended to address any 
credit, market or other aspects of any investment in any Note, including without limitation market price, marketability, 
investor preference or suitability of any security or any other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. Any such 
opinion, report or certification or post-issuance report is not a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer or 
any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued.  
The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion, report or 
certification or post-issuance report may change at any time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn at any time. Any withdrawal of the Second Party Opinion or any other opinion, 
report or certification or post-issuance report may have a material adverse effect on the value of any Green Bonds in respect 
of which such opinion, report or certification or post-issuance report is given and/or result in adverse consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions, reviews or certifications and post-issuance reports are not subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. The EU Green Bond Regulation will introduce a supervisory regime of 
external reviewers of European Green Bonds but this is not due to take full effect until 21 June 2026. Prospective investors 
must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report or certification or post-issuance report and/or the

--- Page 28 ---
10306062790-v3 
26 
70-41087919 
 
information contained therein. The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion, report or certification or post-
issuance report does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus. The Second Party Opinion 
is available at: https://www.upm.com/siteassets/asset/investors/debt/upm-public-spo-report.pdf. 
No assurance that the Green Bonds will be admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" (or 
similar) segment of any stock exchange or market, or that any admission obtained will be maintained. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the 
Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies any present or future investment 
criteria or guidelines with which such investor is required, or intends, to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the 
criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No 
representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer or any other person that any such listing 
or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or that any such listing or admission to trading will 
be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
No breach of contract or Event of Default. 
None of a failure by the Issuer to allocate the proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bond or to report on the use of proceeds 
or Eligible Green Projects as anticipated or a failure of a third party to issue (or to withdraw) an opinion, report, certification 
or post-issuance report in connection with an issue of Green Bonds or the failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds to 
meet investors' expectations or requirements regarding any "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including but 
not limited to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, 
SFDR, and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom or any market 
standards or guidance, including the ICMA Principles) will constitute an Event of Default under Condition 13 (Events of 
Default) or breach of contract with respect to any of the Notes issued as Green Bonds. 
There is no active trading market for the Notes. 
The Notes are new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is currently no active trading market 
(unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a 
Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, the Issuer cannot 
provide any assurance as to the liquidity of any market in the Notes; a holder of the Notes' ability to sell their Notes or the 
prices at which they would be able to sell their Notes. In addition, the ability of the Dealers to make a market in the Notes 
may be impacted by changes in regulatory requirements applicable to the marketing, holding and trading of, and issuing 
quotations with respect to, the Notes.  
If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon 
prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the 
Issuer. It is possible that the market for the Notes will be subject to disruptions. Any such disruption may have a negative 
effect on holders of either series of the Notes, regardless of the Issuer's prospects and financial performance. As a result, 
there is no assurance that there will be an active trading market for the Notes. If no active trading market develops, 
Noteholders may not be able to resell their Notes at a fair value, if at all. 
Although application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to listing on Euronext Dublin there can be no assurance 
that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading 
market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any 
particular Tranche of Notes. 
Exchange rates and exchange controls. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the currency as stated in the relevant Notes (the "Specified 
Currency"). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if a holder of the Notes' financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. 
These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely 
affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, holders of the Notes may receive less interest or principal than expected, or 
no interest or principal.

--- Page 29 ---
10306062790-v3 
27 
70-41087919 
 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity. 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, in the event that the 
Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for 
or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Finland or any political subdivision thereof or 
any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the 
Conditions.  
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Notes are redeemable 
at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing 
interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances a holder of the Notes may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate. This optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During 
any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, holders of the Notes 
will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes will be deposited 
with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the 
relevant Global Note, holders of the Notes will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one 
or more Global Notes, holders of the Notes will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and their participants.  
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the 
Notes by making payments to the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their 
account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records 
relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes.  
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant Notes. 
Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a 
direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant 
Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed of Covenant.  
Notes issued with a minimum denomination. 
Notes may be issued with a minimum denomination. The Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes may provide that, for so long 
as the Notes are represented by a Global Note and Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (or other relevant clearing 
system) so permit, the Notes will be tradable in principal amounts (a) equal to, or integral multiples of, the minimum 
denomination, and (b) the minimum denomination plus integral multiples of an amount lower than the minimum 
denomination. 
Definitive Notes will only be issued if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or other relevant clearing system) is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business, (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs and the 
Notes become due and payable or (c) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not 
be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form.  
The Final Terms may provide that, if Definitive Notes are issued, such Notes will be issued in respect of all holdings of 
Notes equal to or greater than the minimum denomination. A holder who holds less than the minimum denomination in 
principal amount of the Notes in its account with a relevant clearing system would not receive a definitive Note and would 
need to purchase additional Notes such that it holds at least a principal amount of the minimum denomination in order to 
receive its Notes in definitive form. Any remaining principal amount of Notes will be cancelled and holders will have no 
rights against the Issuer (including rights to receive principal or interest or to vote) in respect of such Notes. 
Definitive Notes will in no circumstances be issued to any person holding Notes in an amount lower than the minimum 
denomination and any holder of such Notes in its account at a relevant clearing system would not be able to receive a 
Definitive Note and would need to purchase additional Notes such that it holds at least a principal amount of the minimum 
denomination in order to receive its Notes in definitive form. Any remaining principal amount of Notes will be cancelled 
and holders will have no rights against the Issuer (including rights to receive principal or interest or to vote) in respect of

--- Page 30 ---
10306062790-v3 
28 
70-41087919 
 
such Notes. Noteholders should be aware that Definitive Notes that have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of 
the minimum denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
The value of the Notes may be adversely affected by a negative change to an applicable credit rating. 
The long-term senior debt of the Issuer has been assigned a rating of "Baa1" by Moody's and "BBB+" by S&P. Notes 
issued under the Programme may or may not be assigned an individual credit rating. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. Any adverse change in an applicable credit rating could adversely affect the trading price for the 
Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit rating to the issue of Notes. The rating may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this section, and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended) subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit 
ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit 
rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list of registered and 
certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive 
evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory 
measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the 
UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and 
their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out 
on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
English law judgments may not be enforceable in Finland.  
The United Kingdom left the EU on 31 January 2020 ("Brexit") and the transitional period agreed in the withdrawal 
agreement expired on 31 December 2020 during which EU law continued to apply to the United Kingdom. As a result, the 
Recast Brussels Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 
December 2012) has ceased to apply to the United Kingdom (and English court judgments). Further, the UK is no longer 
a party to the Lugano Convention under which judgments from the courts of contracting states (currently the EU Member 
States, plus Switzerland, Iceland and Norway) are recognised and enforced in other contracting states, and as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the UK’s application to accede to the Lugano Convention has been blocked by the European 
Commission. As a result, a judgment entered against the Issuer in an English court may not be recognised or enforceable 
in Finland as a matter of law without a re-trial on its merits (but may be of persuasive authority as a matter of evidence 
before the courts of law, arbitral tribunals or executive or other public authorities in Finland). 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute. Based 
on the communication by the European Commission dated 27 August 2020, Finnish courts would likely give effect to the 
Hague Convention on Choice of Court Agreements ("Hague 2005") as the applicable source of law in respect of exclusive 
choice of court agreements concluded after 1 January 2021, which would include Notes issued under this Base Prospectus.  
However under the terms of the Deed of Covenant, the courts of England have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes. As regards (i) non-exclusive choice of court agreements and (ii) exclusive choice of court agreements concluded 
prior to 1 January 2021, a judgment rendered by an English court would not be enforceable nor recognised in Finland by 
operation of the Hague Convention and, as a result, it is possible that a judgment entered against the Issuer in a United 
Kingdom court would not be recognised or enforceable in Finland as a matter of law without a re-trial on its merits (but 
would be of persuasive authority as a matter of evidence before the courts of law, arbitral tribunals or executive or other

--- Page 31 ---
10306062790-v3 
29 
70-41087919 
 
public authorities in Finland). Hague 2019 (as defined below) will apply to judgments given in proceedings initiated after 
it comes into effect in the UK (on 1 July 2025), regardless of when the agreement was made. Hague 2005 will apply to 
proceedings initiated before 1 July 2025. 
On 27 June 2024, the UK ratified the Hague Convention of 2 July 2019 on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign 
Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters ("Hague 2019"). Hague 2019, which will come into force in respect of the 
UK on 1 July 2025, provides for the mutual enforcement of judgments between the UK and the other contracting states, 
including EU member states, in proceedings started after it comes into force in the UK. Asymmetric and non-exclusive 
jurisdiction clauses will be covered by Hague 2019 and will apply to judgments given in proceedings initiated after it comes 
into effect, regardless of when the agreement was made. Until the entry into force in the UK of Hague 2019, any retrial on 
a judgment’s merits could significantly delay or prevent the enforcement by Noteholders of the Issuer’s obligations under 
the Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
10306062790-v3 
30 
70-41087919 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information has been filed with the Central Bank and Euronext Dublin and shall be deemed to be 
incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(a) the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto) of UPM in 
respect of the year ended 31 December 2023 (set out on pages 163 to 240 of the 2023 Annual Report of the Issuer) 
(the "2023 Financial Statements") as well as certain other financial information of UPM (set out on pages 241 to 243 
of the 2023 Annual Report of the Issuer); 
(b) the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto) of UPM in 
respect of the year ended 31 December 2024 (set out on pages 254 to 336 of the 2024 Annual Report of the Issuer) 
(the "2024 Financial Statements") as well as certain other financial information of UPM (set out on pages 350 to 352 
of the 2024 Annual Report of the Issuer); 
(c) the following sections of UPM’s unaudited consolidated financial statements release 2024 (the "Q4 2024 Release"): 
Section(s) 
Page(s) 
Results – Dividend proposal for 2024  
5 - 8 
UPM Fibres 
9 
UPM Energy 
10 
UPM Raflatac 
11 
UPM Specialty Papers 
12 
UPM Communication Papers 
13 
UPM Plywood 
14 
Other operations 
15 
Risks and near-term uncertainties (to, but excluding, the section ‘Impact of Russia’s 
war in Ukraine’) 
16 – 17 
Financial Statement Information 
18 - 28 
Alternative performance measures – Quarterly key figures 
29 
Alternative performance measures – Reconciliation of key figures to the IFRS 
30 
(d) the terms and conditions set out on pages 30 to 55 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 5 November 2020 relating 
to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"; 
(e) the terms and conditions set out on pages 32 to 57 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 5 March 2021 relating to 
the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"; 
(f) the terms and conditions set out on pages 34 to 69 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 7 March 2022 relating to 
the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"; and 
(g) the terms and conditions set out on pages 37 to 73 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 8 March 2024 relating to 
the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". 
In addition to the above, the following information shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus as and 
when it is published on https://www.upm.com/investors/: 
(h) 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto) of UPM 
as well as the section ‘Other financial information’ published by UPM after the date of this Base Prospectus;  
(i) 
the information set out in the following sections of any interim report published by UPM after the date of this 
Base Prospectus, including the interim unaudited consolidated financial statements of UPM: 
Section(s)

--- Page 33 ---
10306062790-v3 
31 
70-41087919 
 
Results to Events after the balance sheet  
UPM Fibres 
UPM Energy 
UPM Raflatac 
UPM Specialty Papers 
UPM Communication Papers 
UPM Plywood 
Other operations 
Risks and near-term uncertainties (to, but excluding, the section ‘Impact of Russia’s 
war in Ukraine’) 
Financial Statement Information  
Alternative performance measures – Quarterly key figures 
Alternative performance measures – Reconciliation of key figures to the IFRS 
Information incorporated by reference pursuant to (h) to (i) above shall, to the extent applicable, be deemed to modify 
or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus. 
The documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are also 
available on the Issuer's website:   
 
The 2023 Financial Statements and certain other financial information from the 2023 Annual Report specified in 
(a) above: 
https://www.upm.com/siteassets/asset/investors/2023/upm-annual-report-2023.pdf  
 
The 2024 Financial Statements and certain other financial information from the 2024 Annual Report specified in 
(b) above: 
https://www.upm.com/siteassets/asset/investors/2024/upm-annual-report-2024.pdf  
 
The relevant sections of the Q4 2024 Release specified in (c) above:  
https://www.upm.com/siteassets/asset/investors/2024/upm-financial-statements-release-2024-en.pdf  
 
The terms and conditions set out in the base prospectus dated 5 November 2020: 
www.upm.com/siteassets/asset/investors/debt/upm-kymmene-corporation---base-prospectus.pdf 
 
The terms and conditions set out in the base prospectus dated 5 March 2021:  
www.upm.com/siteassets/asset/investors/debt/upm-kymmene-u21---base-prospectus.pdf 
 
The terms and conditions set out in the base prospectus dated 7 March 2022: 
https://www.upm.com/siteassets/asset/investors/debt/emtn-programme-march-2022.pdf 
 
The terms and conditions set out in the base prospectus dated 8 March 2024: 
https://www.upm.com/siteassets/asset/investors/debt/emtn-programme-march-2024.pdf 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which is not 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 34 ---
10306062790-v3 
32 
70-41087919 
 
Supplements 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by the Central 
Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or 
contained in any information incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise), be deemed to supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus (or any earlier supplement) 
or in information which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 35 ---
10306062790-v3 
33 
70-41087919 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the necessary information 
which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits 
and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact 
on the Issuer. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer has included 
in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at 
the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order to 
complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the relevant Final Terms 
or in a Drawdown Prospectus.  
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that Tranche only, 
complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions described in the 
relevant Final Terms as completed to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus 
will be the Conditions as completed to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche 
of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being 
specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being 
specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.

--- Page 36 ---
10306062790-v3 
34 
70-41087919 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note in 
bearer form (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note in bearer form (the 
"Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each 
Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to 
be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the 
"Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking system for 
the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced 
that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 
and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 
31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Bearer 
Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) ("TEFRA C") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163 5(c)(2)(i)(D) ("TEFRA D") 
is applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than one year, that TEFRA is not 
applicable.  
Temporary Global Note Exchangeable for Permanent Global Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole 
or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made 
under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or 
refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global Note, duly authenticated and, in the 
case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an 
increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to 
the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal 
amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, that in no circumstances shall 
the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of an interest in 
the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in either

--- Page 37 ---
10306062790-v3 
35 
70-41087919 
 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due 
date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the 
case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice 
to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant).  
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note", then if either 
of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business; 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes become due 
and payable; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the 
Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery 
(free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so 
specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the 
Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to 
or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer has 
requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global Note 
representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the date on which such 
Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date ((c) above) 
and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights 
which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Note Exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes" and also specifies that TEFRA C is applicable or that TEFRA is not applicable, then the Notes will initially be in 
the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes" and also specifies that TEFRA D is applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global 
Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of 
the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.

--- Page 38 ---
10306062790-v3 
36 
70-41087919 
 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery 
(free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary 
Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.  
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer has 
requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case 
of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to 
the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Permanent Global Note Exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be exchangeable in whole, but 
not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note", then 
if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business;  
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes become due 
and payable; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the 
Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery 
(free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes represented 
by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global 
Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer has 
requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date ((b) above) 
and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights 
which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant).

--- Page 39 ---
10306062790-v3 
37 
70-41087919 
 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note which 
becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately 
before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes 
in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions Applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the terms and 
conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which 
complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would 
apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes 
while in Global Form" below. 
Legend Concerning United States Persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than one year, the Notes in global form, the Notes in 
definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income 
tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code." 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes") will be represented by either: 
(i) 
individual Note Certificates in registered form ("Individual Note Certificates"); or  
(ii) 
one or more global note certificates ("Global Registered Note(s)") in the case of Registered Notes sold outside 
the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S,  
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt securities and their 
eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it has assessed the new holding structure and custody 
arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in cooperation with market participants and that Notes to 
be held under the new structure (the "New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS") would be in compliance with the "Standards 
for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the 
"Eurosystem"), subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements. The press release also stated 
that the new arrangements for Notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
of 30 June 2010 and that registered debt securities in global registered form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping 
Structure is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Registered Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the 
Registered Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Each Note represented by a Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Certificate which is not to be held 
under the New Safekeeping Structure, registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary; or (b) in the case of a Certificate to be held under the 
New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each Note represented by a Global Registered Note will be registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global 
Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary.

--- Page 40 ---
10306062790-v3 
38 
70-41087919 
 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will at all 
times be represented by Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect of their respective holdings. 
Global Registered Note Exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates", then the Notes will initially be represented by one or more Global Registered Notes each of which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global Registered Note", then: 
(a) 
in the case of any Global Registered Note, if Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant 
clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(b) 
in any case, if any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs and the 
Notes become due and payable. 
Whenever a Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, each person having an interest in 
a Global Registered Note must provide the Registrar (through the relevant clearing system) with such information as the 
Issuer and the Registrar may require to complete and deliver Individual Note Certificates (including the name and address 
of each person in which the Notes represented by the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal 
amount of each such person's holding).  
Whenever a Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall procure that 
Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Global 
Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder of the Global Registered 
Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates against 
the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the regulations concerning 
the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement and, in particular, shall be effected without 
charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty of 
whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
Terms and Conditions Applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual Note Certificate 
and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions 
of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating to the 
Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 41 ---
10306062790-v3 
39 
70-41087919 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be endorsed on 
each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche of Notes which are being admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in a Member State of the European Economic Area or on a regulated market in the United 
Kingdom, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to 
the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may 
supplement, amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would 
apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes 
while in Global Form" below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: UPM-Kymmene Corporation (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to EUR 5,000,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a final 
terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms and conditions (the "Conditions") provided that 
in the case of a Tranche of Exempt Notes which is the subject of a pricing supplement (a "Pricing 
Supplement"), each reference to Final Terms or to information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to the Pricing Supplement or to such 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, unless the context requires 
otherwise. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions 
as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions 
and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement dated 8 March 
2024 (as amended or restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, Citibank, 
N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal 
agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), Citibank Europe PLC as registrar (the 
"Registrar", which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes), the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying 
Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to 
time in connection with the Notes), and the transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, 
the "Transfer Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional transfer agents appointed 
from time to time in connection with the Notes). In these Conditions references to the "Agents" are to 
the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents and any reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them.  
(d) 
Deed of Covenant: The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), or in registered form 
("Registered Notes"). The Notes are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 8 March 2024 (as amended 
or restated from time to time, the "Deed of Covenant") entered into by the Issuer. 
(e) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are the subject 
of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing during normal 
business hours at Alvar Aallon katu 1, FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland. 
(f) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and the 
Deed of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the 
"Noteholders") and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" and the 
"Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement and 
the Deed of Covenant are (i) available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the 
Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below 
or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request and provision of 
proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar, as 
applicable).

--- Page 42 ---
10306062790-v3 
40 
70-41087919 
 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such 
Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as 
defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre;  
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(c) 
in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the relevant Final 
Terms, any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal 
holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a date on which 
banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day save in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for 
which the final Interest Payment Date will not be postponed and interest on that payment will 
not accrue during the period from and after the scheduled final Interest Payment Date; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date 
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and

--- Page 43 ---
10306062790-v3 
41 
70-41087919 
 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Call Option" means the option of the Issuer to redeem the Notes pursuant to Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note in definitive form, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"DA Selected Bond" means the government security or securities selected by the Determination Agent 
as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the Remaining Term of the Notes, that 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in 
determining the redemption price of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the 
Notes and with a comparable remaining maturity to the Remaining Term of the Notes; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in 
a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
= 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x






--- Page 44 ---
10306062790-v3 
42 
70-41087919 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
= 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
= 
360
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
)
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 45 ---
10306062790-v3 
43 
70-41087919 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period; 
"Determination Agent" means an independent adviser, investment bank or financial institution of 
recognised standing selected by the Issuer; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to 
time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any person which takes over administration of that 
rate); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield to maturity (or 
if a Par Call Commencement Period is specified in the relevant Final Terms, to the Par Call 
Commencement Period) on such security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination 
Agent on the basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for 
Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; 
Double-dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" 
(published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further amended, 
updated, supplemented or replaced from time to time on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted to 
an annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places)) or, if such formula does not 
reflect generally accepted market practice at the time of redemption, a gross redemption yield calculated 
in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as determined by the Determination 
Agent; 
"Group" means the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person to 
pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and  
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness;

--- Page 46 ---
10306062790-v3 
44 
70-41087919 
 
"Holder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, Denomination, 
Title and Transfer – Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given 
in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Registered Notes);  
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including (without 
limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and IFRS, be treated as finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment 
of which is deferred for a period in excess of 120 days; and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing and/or which would, in 
accordance with IFRS, be treated as a borrowing; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified as 
such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business 
Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period 
of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Make Whole Redemption Price" has the meaning given in Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase 
- Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Minimum Rate of Interest" for any Interest Period has the meaning given in the Final Terms but shall 
never be less than zero, including any relevant margin; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer);

--- Page 47 ---
10306062790-v3 
45 
70-41087919 
 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the 
meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Registered Notes); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Par Call Commencement Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the euro as 
its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and  
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and  
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means: 
(a) 
a Security Interest on the undertaking or assets of any Person existing at the time such Person 
is acquired by and becomes a Subsidiary of the Issuer, provided such Security Interest was not 
created in contemplation of such acquisition and the principal amount secured has not been 
increased in contemplation of or since such acquisition; 
(b) 
a Security Interest arising in relation to any Project Finance Debt; and 
(c) 
a Security Interest created for the purposes of any securitisation or similar asset-backed off 
balance sheet financing arrangement; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Union or the United Kingdom as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in the 
case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Principal Subsidiary" means at any time, any Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a company which itself has Subsidiaries) 
represent not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Group taken as a whole

--- Page 48 ---
10306062790-v3 
46 
70-41087919 
 
(all as calculated by reference to the then most recent financial statements (consolidated or, as 
the case may be, unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then most recent consolidated 
financial statements of the Group); or 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the assets and undertaking of a 
Subsidiary which, immediately prior to such transfer, is a Principal Subsidiary pursuant to 
paragraph (a) above (and, thereafter, subject to the provisions of paragraph (a) above). 
"Project Finance Debt" means any indebtedness incurred in relation to any asset solely for purposes of 
financing the whole or any part of the acquisition, creation, construction, improvement or development 
of such asset where the financial institutions to whom such indebtedness is owed have recourse solely to 
the applicable project borrower (where such project borrower is formed solely or principally for the 
purpose of the relevant project) and/or to such asset (or any derivative asset thereto) or any other similar 
non-recourse indebtedness which is properly regarded as project finance debt. 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the 
option of the Noteholder; 
"Quotation Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, 
the Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early 
Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Margin" means the figure specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Bond" means the bond specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or to the 
extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the relevant 
Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reference Date, (i) the arithmetic average of the 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the highest 
and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, (ii) if fewer than five but more than 
one such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all such 
quotations, (c) if only one such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation is received, such 
quotation so obtained, or (d) if no Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are provided, the price 
determined by the Determination Agent (or failing which the Issuer, in consultation with the 
Determination Agent), acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, at such time and 
by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) for the Remaining Term or interpolated yield for the 
Remaining Term (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price 
for such Reference Date; 
"Reference Date" means the date falling three London Business Days prior to the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call); 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer (following, 
where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if applicable), or their affiliates, which are 
(i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) market makers in 
pricing corporate bond issues;

--- Page 49 ---
10306062790-v3 
47 
70-41087919 
 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Determination Agent, 
of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its 
principal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Determination 
Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR/STIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment 
Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, 
note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is listed, quoted or 
traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any over-the-
counter market); 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Remaining Term" means the term to maturity or, if a Par Call Commencement Period is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, to such Par Call Commencement Period; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the 
Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date 
for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum 
requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 50 ---
10306062790-v3 
48 
70-41087919 
 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 9(c) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"STIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Stockholm interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility) in accordance with the 
requirements from time to time of the  Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility (or any other Person which 
takes over the administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of 
designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of 
contributor banks (details of historic STIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Subsidiary" means any subsidiary of the Issuer whose financial statements are, in accordance with 
IFRS, consolidated with those of the Issuer; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor system; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement;  
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms give no such meaning or specifies that such 
expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes;  
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes; 
and 
(ix) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations 
or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a 
reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended 
or re-enacted.

--- Page 51 ---
10306062790-v3 
49 
70-41087919 
 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes with 
more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case of Bearer 
Notes, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" and "Couponholder" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum 
denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to each Holder of 
Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially 
with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered Notes, 
"Holder" means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the 
Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and "Noteholder" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, 
trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of Registered Notes, on the Note 
Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss 
or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. No person shall have any right 
to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and (j) (Regulations concerning 
transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant 
Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the 
individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered Note may not 
be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of the 
Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of 
Registered Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations. Where not all the Registered Notes 
represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in 
respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a Note 
Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the Registrar will 
register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the 
Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the 
Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by 
uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant 
Holder. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as the case may 
be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may 
be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days 
ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the 
Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes scheduled to 
the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of 
the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any 
Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations.

--- Page 52 ---
10306062790-v3 
50 
70-41087919 
 
4. 
Status 
The Notes constitute direct, general and unconditional obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari 
passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application. 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not and the Issuer shall procure that none of its 
Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest, other than a Permitted Security Interest, upon 
the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure 
any Relevant Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes equally and rateably 
therewith or (b) providing such other security for the Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution 
of Noteholders. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer 
Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the 
due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this 
Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder 
and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received 
all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment).  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. 
(d) 
Notes accruing interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount: This Condition 6(d) shall apply to Notes 
which are Fixed Rate Notes only where the Final Terms for such Notes specify that the Interest Payment 
Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified therein. The 
relevant amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period for such Notes shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the 
Calculation Amount by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). The Calculation Agent shall 
cause the relevant amount of interest and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, 
the Paying Agents and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) and, if the Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so requires, such exchange as soon as possible 
after their determination or calculation but in no event later than the fourth Business day thereafter or, if 
earlier in the case of notification to the stock exchange, the time required by the rules of the relevant 
stock exchange. 
(e) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period 
for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to 
the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) 
and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note 
divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency 
other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 53 ---
10306062790-v3 
51 
70-41087919 
 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer 
Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the 
due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this 
Condition 7 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder 
and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received 
all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA, SOFR and/or 
€STR or any related index is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms) determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; 
and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case 
may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent 
shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, 
in consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) or (iii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable, the Issuer will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks 
to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time; and 
(B) 
provide such quotations to the Calculation Agent who shall determine the arithmetic 
mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the Specified Currency, requested and selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a

--- Page 54 ---
10306062790-v3 
52 
70-41087919 
 
period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is 
unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation 
to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that in any circumstances where under the ISDA 
Definitions the Calculation Agent would be required to exercise any discretion, including the selection 
of any reference banks and seeking quotations from reference banks, when calculating the relevant ISDA 
Rate, the relevant determination(s) which require the Calculation Agent to exercise its discretion shall 
instead be made by the Issuer or its designee, under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA 
Definitions; and 
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such 
time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Adviser 
appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines appropriate; and 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(1) 
Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA

--- Page 55 ---
10306062790-v3 
53 
70-41087919 
 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, (a) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and (b) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms and: 
(1) 
Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) as specified in relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, (a) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms, and 
(b) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
(G) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) shall be applicable and, (a) Observation Period 
Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the final Interest Period End Date; 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(E) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be 
disapplied; and 
(iii) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate Option is 
specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" 
in the definition of "Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by 
"Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
(e) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
(i) 
This Condition 7(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the "Reference Rate" is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA".

--- Page 56 ---
10306062790-v3 
54 
70-41087919 
 
(ii) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or 
minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(e): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, 
with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 ൅𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴௜ି௣஻௅஽ൈ𝑛௜
365
൰
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
቏ൈ365
𝑑 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling p 
London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due 
and payable). 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" 
up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the 
first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending 
on, but excluding, the date which is p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of London 
Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in 
the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 57 ---
10306062790-v3 
55 
70-41087919 
 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day 
as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is 
published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following 
such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms; the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA only 
compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA 
Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying 
the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
(iv) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable), the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 7(m) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation), be: 
(A) 
the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of business on 
the relevant London Banking Day; plus (B) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on 
which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, 
if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) 
to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on the 
relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the 
first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors). 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation), if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(e), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(f) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR 
(i) 
This Condition 7(f) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the "Reference Rate" is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR". 
(ii) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark plus or minus (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on each Interest Determination Date.

--- Page 58 ---
10306062790-v3 
56 
70-41087919 
 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(f): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily SOFR, as 
determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions 
set out in this Condition 7(f). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this reason, in determining 
Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set forth 
herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that immediately 
precedes one or more days that are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days will be 
multiplied by the number of calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in 
the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions 
under Condition 7(f)(iv) below will apply. 
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is 
not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a 
date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation 
to be closed; 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 ൅𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅௜ൈ𝑛௜
360
൰
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
െ1቏ൈ360
𝑑 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable);

--- Page 59 ---
10306062790-v3 
57 
70-41087919 
 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and including, 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first day in such 
Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift 
Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. 
(New York time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 7(f)(iv) below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, or any successor source; 
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday 
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading 
in U.S. government securities. 
(iv) 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-
current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for 
all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this section, 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking 
any action or any selection: 
(i)  
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii) 
 will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and

--- Page 60 ---
10306062790-v3 
58 
70-41087919 
 
(iii)  
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, 
shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; provided 
that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded 
SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current 
Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. 
dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate 
to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent 
with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for 
use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is 
reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(i)  
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii)  
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the date 
of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination,

--- Page 61 ---
10306062790-v3 
59 
70-41087919 
 
the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time 
for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof): 
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency 
of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for 
the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component); or 
(iii) 
 a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to 
the Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark 
is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(v) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under Condition 7(f)(iv) above 
will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect. 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of 
this Condition 7(f); and

--- Page 62 ---
10306062790-v3 
60 
70-41087919 
 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(vi) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 7(f), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate 
of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the 
first Interest Period). 
(g) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR 
(i) 
This Condition 7(g) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the "Reference Rate" is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being "€STR". 
(ii) 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on each Interest Determination Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(g): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 ൅€STR௜ൈ𝑛௜
𝐷
൰െ1
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
቏ൈ𝐷
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate equal 
to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET Settlement Day as provided by 
the European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of such 
rate) on the website of the European Central Bank or any successor source (or, if no longer 
published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised distributors 
and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is

--- Page 63 ---
10306062790-v3 
61 
70-41087919 
 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the TARGET Settlement 
Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each case, at the time specified 
by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the 
European Central Bank or the successor administrator of such rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day "i"; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i". 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement Day 
in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such TARGET 
Settlement Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and including) 
the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period (and the final Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case 
of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as 
applicable) in the relevant Final Terms. 
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation), if, where any Rate of Interest is to be 
calculated pursuant to Condition 7(g)(ii) above, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day in 
respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, such €STR 
reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference rate in respect of such 
TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the first preceding TARGET 
Settlement Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was published by the European Central 
Bank (or any successor administrator of such rate) on its website or any successor source, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation), if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(g)(v), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period).

--- Page 64 ---
10306062790-v3 
62 
70-41087919 
 
(h) 
Interest – SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest 
Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
൬𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡െ1൰ൈ𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as determined and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Index" shall mean either the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Compounded 
Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant Compounded 
Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant Compounded Index End is 
determined; 
"End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant Number of Index 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is 
excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking Days, and, in the 
case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index, 360; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the fifth decimal place 
in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh decimal place in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index, in each case rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may 
be, 0.00000005 being rounded upwards); and 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless otherwise specified shall 
be five. 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as published at 10:00 
(London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's 
Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SOFR rate as published at 15:00 (New 
York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) on the website 
of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
"Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant Number of Index 
Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of the relevant Compounded Index, if, with 
respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the relevant Compounded Index either 
on the relevant Start or End date, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for that 
Interest Period as if Index Determination was not specified in the applicable Final Terms and as if 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR (as defined in Condition 7(e) or Condition 7(f), 
as applicable) had been specified instead in the Final Terms, and in each case "Observation Shift" had 
been specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, and where the Observation Shift 
Period for the purposes of that definition in Condition 7(e) or Condition 7(f) (as applicable) shall be 
deemed to be the same as the Relevant Number specified in the Final Terms and where, in the case of 
Compounded Daily SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of the relevant Compounded Index, 
the provisions of Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation) shall apply. 
(i) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified.

--- Page 65 ---
10306062790-v3 
63 
70-41087919 
 
(j) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product 
by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction 
equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this 
purpose, a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent. 
(k) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by 
it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined 
by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each 
Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If 
the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination, the Calculation Agent shall 
not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount 
and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(l) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7 by the Calculation 
Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the 
Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions for such purposes. 
(m) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when the 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be determined by 
reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 7(m)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (in 
accordance with Condition 7(m)(ii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 7(m)(iv)). 
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, Agents or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 7(m). 
(i) 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 7(m) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Reference Rate applicable to the immediate following Interest Period shall be the Reference 
Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first 
Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 7(m) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) shall apply to the immediately following Interest Period only. 
Any subsequent Interest Period may be subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 7(m).  
(ii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 7(m)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate 
of Interest for the immediately following Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, 
subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(m) in the event of a further Benchmark 
Event affecting the Successor Rate; or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 7(m)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the

--- Page 66 ---
10306062790-v3 
64 
70-41087919 
 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately following Interest Period 
and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(m) in 
the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative Rate. 
(iii) 
The Independent Adviser shall determine in its discretion (A) an Adjustment Spread required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, and such 
Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be). 
(iv) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 7(m) and the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion 
(i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer 
shall, following consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the party responsible for calculating the Rate 
of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 7(m)(iv), without any requirement for the consent or approval of relevant 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice (and for the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at 
the direction and expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments 
to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this 
Condition 7(m)). 
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(m) will be notified promptly by 
the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(vi) 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor Rate, 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) the relevant Adjustment 
Spread and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case 
as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7(m); and  
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
(vii) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad 
faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment 
Spread and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, any other Paying Agents and the Noteholders.  
As used in this Condition 7(m): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines is 
required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
 in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or

--- Page 67 ---
10306062790-v3 
65 
70-41087919 
 
(C) 
(if no such determination has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the Independent 
Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the- 
counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(D) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to 
the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with this Condition 7(m) is customary in market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) in the Specified Currency for the same interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the 
Notes or, if the Independent Adviser determines there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent 
Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines is most comparable 
to the relevant Reference Rate. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(m)(iv). 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result 
of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication 
of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date (the "Specified Future 
Date"); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that 
such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that 
means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), 
be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate (as 
applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor or administrator, (i) such Reference Rate is no 
longer representative of an underlying market or (ii) the methodology to calculate such 
Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for the 
Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public statement 
within sub-paragraphs (B), (C) or (D) above and the Specified Future Date in the public statement is 
more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed 
occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case appointed by 
the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 7(m). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or

--- Page 68 ---
10306062790-v3 
66 
70-41087919 
 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended, or formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero 
Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to 
the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due 
in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments – Bearer Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as 
may be specified in the relevant final terms (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations 
of the Republic of Finland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot (without substantial costs) be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it, provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period 
as may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Notes were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days 
(or such other period as may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior to

--- Page 69 ---
10306062790-v3 
67 
70-41087919 
 
the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred of and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts 
as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this 
Condition 9(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 9(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 
30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable but may (at the option of the Issuer) be 
conditional on one or more conditions precedent being satisfied, or waived by the Issuer, and shall oblige 
the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the applicable amount specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Call)) one of: 
(i)  
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call); or 
(ii) 
the Make Whole Redemption Price. 
The "Make Whole Redemption Price" will, in respect of Notes to be redeemed, be, as determined by 
the Determination Agent: 
(i) 
if "Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount 
outstanding of such Notes and (ii) the principal amount outstanding of such Notes multiplied by 
the price (expressed as a percentage), as reported in writing to the Issuer by the Determination 
Agent (if applicable), at which the Gross Redemption Yield on such Notes on the Reference 
Date is equal to the sum of (x) the Gross Redemption Yield (as determined by reference to the 
middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus 
(y) the Redemption Margin; or  
(ii) 
if "Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of 
such Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the sum of the then present values of each remaining 
scheduled payment of principal and interest on such Notes to be redeemed for the Remaining 
Term (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call)) discounted to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) (and 
assuming, if a Par Call Commencement Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that 
the Notes matured on the first day of such Par Call Commencement Period) on an annual, a 
semi-annual or such other basis as is equivalent to the frequency of interest payments on the 
Notes (as determined by the Determination Agent)) (assuming the Day Count Fraction specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or such other day count basis as the Determination Agent may 
consider to be appropriate having regard to customary market practice at such time) at the 
Reference Bond Rate plus the Redemption Margin, if any, specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, 
provided however that, in the case of either (i) or (ii) above, if the Determination Date is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the Optional Redemption Date (Call) occurs on or after the Par Call 
Commencement Period (if any) specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Make Whole Redemption Price 
will be equal to 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes. 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to be 
redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such 
manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules 
of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have 
then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in

--- Page 70 ---
10306062790-v3 
68 
70-41087919 
 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so 
to be redeemed and, in the case of Registered Notes, each Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion 
which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes to be redeemed on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes on such date. If 
any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or 
be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note redeem, such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the 
option contained in this Condition 9(e), the Holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days 
before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant final terms), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons 
relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. 
The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt 
to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in 
accordance with this Condition 9(e), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due 
presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the 
redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification 
thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the 
relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the 
depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any 
outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 9(e), the depositor of such 
Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(f) 
Clean-up Call: If Clean-up Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, and, at any 
time, (other than following the exercise by the Issuer of its redemption right under Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in respect of the Notes), the 
outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes initially issued (which shall include, for these purposes, any further Notes issued 
pursuant to Condition 18 (Further Issues)), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, at any 
time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Noteholders (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms). The notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption shall be at par 
together, if appropriate, with any accrued but unpaid interest to the date fixed for redemption. 
(g) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
paragraphs (a) to (f) above. 
(h) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date 
shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date Fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 9(h) or, if none is so specified, a 
Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(i) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price and such Notes may be held, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered 
to any Paying Agent for cancellation (provided that, if the Notes are to be cancelled, they are purchased 
together with all unmatured Coupons relating to them).

--- Page 71 ---
10306062790-v3 
69 
70-41087919 
 
(j) 
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed and any unmatured Coupons or unexchanged Talons attached to or 
surrendered with them shall be cancelled and all Notes so cancelled and any Notes cancelled pursuant to 
Condition 9(i) (Purchase) above (together with all unmatured Coupons cancelled with them) may not be 
reissued or resold. 
10. 
Payments – Bearer Notes 
This Condition 10 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that 
currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against presentation 
and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount 
of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the 
full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States 
law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all cases to 
(i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto ("FATCA"). 
(e) 
Commissions or Expenses: No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(f) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted 
will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross 
amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as will result 
in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") 
being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this sub-
paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing 
Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of principal 
due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, 
however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due 
for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) which the gross 
amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment.

--- Page 72 ---
10306062790-v3 
70 
70-41087919 
 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons. 
(g) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specify that this Condition 10(g) is applicable or 
that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note 
or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of 
the Issuer) or Condition 13 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not 
still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(h) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place 
and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(i) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by paragraph (c) 
above). 
(j) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount 
and date of such payment. 
(k) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of 
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet 
may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become 
void pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect 
of such Talon. 
11. 
Payments – Registered Notes 
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment 
is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an 
account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may 
be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of 
that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) 
and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the 
relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is 
due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case 
of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of 
the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all cases 
to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any 
official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation)) any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (FATCA). No commissions or expenses shall 
be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments.

--- Page 73 ---
10306062790-v3 
71 
70-41087919 
 
(d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment instructions 
(for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the next succeeding 
Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will 
be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the 
due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case 
of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments 
of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. A Holder of a Registered Note 
shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from 
(A) the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance 
with this Condition 11 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in the case 
of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and the 
date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the 
Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office on the 
fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date"). Where payment in respect of a 
Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address 
of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. 
12. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf 
of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Finland or any political 
subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, 
the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by 
them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall 
be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment: 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with the Republic of Finland other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for payment 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder of such Note or 
Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering such 
Note or Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the 
Republic of Finland, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Finland shall be construed as 
references to the Republic of Finland and/or such other jurisdiction. 
(c) 
FATCA withholding: Notwithstanding anything in Condition 10(d) (Payments subject to fiscal laws) and 
Condition 11(c) (Payments subject to fiscal laws) or this Condition 12 to the contrary, none of the Issuer, 
any Paying Agent or any other person shall be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to 
any withholding or deduction imposed on or in respect of any Note or Coupon pursuant to FATCA. 
13. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs, and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes within seven days 
of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes within 
14 days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default remains unremedied for 30 days after given 
written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer or to 
the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; or

--- Page 74 ---
10306062790-v3 
72 
70-41087919 
 
(c) 
Payment Cross-Default and Cross-Acceleration of Issuer or a Principal Subsidiary:  
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries is not paid when due or (as 
the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period;  
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise than at 
the option of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the relevant Principal Subsidiary or (provided 
that no event of default, howsoever described, has occurred) any Person entitled to such 
Indebtedness unless, such declaration is being contested in good faith by the Issuer or the 
relevant Principal Subsidiary on the basis of external legal advice and such creditor (or creditors) 
has (or have) not obtained an enforceable judgment against the Issuer, or the relevant Principal 
Subsidiary in respect of the same and the Issuer or the relevant Principal Subsidiary has a 
reasonable prospect of successfully contesting such action (or actions) and has, if such action is 
adversely determined against the Issuer or the relevant Principal Subsidiary, sufficient and 
proper reserves in cash or other readily recognisable liquid assets have been made in accordance 
with IFRS to pay the relevant Indebtedness; or  
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable by it 
under any Guarantee of any Indebtedness; 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or sub-paragraph (ii) above 
and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph (iii) above individually or 
in the aggregate exceeds EUR 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more judgment(s) or order(s) from which no further appeal or judicial 
review is permissible under applicable law for the payment of an amount exceeding EUR 50,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency) whether individually or in the aggregate, is rendered against the 
Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days 
after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; or 
(e) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession of, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer is 
appointed in relation to, the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or any of its Principal 
Subsidiaries for the payment of an amount exceeding EUR 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) whether individually or in the aggregate; or 
(f) 
Insolvency etc: (i) the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its 
debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator is appointed (or application for any such 
appointment is made in good faith in respect of a bona fide claim) in respect of the Issuer or any of its 
Principal Subsidiaries or the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the 
Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, and is not dismissed, stayed or discharged within 30 days, or 
(iii) the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries takes any action for a readjustment or deferment of any 
of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit 
of its creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any 
Indebtedness given by it, in each case, in respect of a Principal Subsidiary only, otherwise than for the 
purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring of the Group whilst solvent; 
or 
(g) 
Winding up etc: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries  (otherwise than, in the case of a Principal 
Subsidiary of the Issuer, for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or 
restructuring of the Group whilst solvent), save for any proceedings or actions which are contested in 
good faith and which are discharged, stayed or dismissed within thirty (30) days of their commencement; 
or 
(h) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Republic of Finland has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (g) above,  
then any holder of any Note may, by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, declare such Notes to be immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall 
become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest 
(if any) without further action or formality.

--- Page 75 ---
10306062790-v3 
73 
70-41087919 
 
14. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes are presented 
for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall 
become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant 
Date. Claims for principal and interest on redemption in respect of Registered Notes shall become void unless the 
relevant Note Certificates are surrendered for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
15. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified Office 
of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes 
are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying 
Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such 
replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note Certificates or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will 
be issued. 
16. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Paying Agents act 
solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or 
with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent (if any) 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or registrar or Calculation Agent and 
additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that:  
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent and a registrar; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a 
Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent and/or a 
Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent 
having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
17. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of 
these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the request in writing 
of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more 
Persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only 
be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more 
Persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly 
passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present 
or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing and electronic consent signed by or on behalf of 75 per cent. 
Noteholders who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take

--- Page 76 ---
10306062790-v3 
74 
70-41087919 
 
effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver: The Notes, the Deed of Covenant and these Conditions, may be amended 
without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the 
parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not 
agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
In addition, pursuant to Condition 7(m) (Benchmark Discontinuation), certain changes may be made to 
the interest calculation provisions of the Floating Rate Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise set 
out in such Condition, without the requirement for consent of the Noteholders. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create and issue 
further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the 
first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
19. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the 
Bearer Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of applicable law or 
regulations, published on the website of Euronext Dublin (live.euronext.com) or, if such publication is 
not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all 
the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents 
of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class mail (or 
its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the Register 
and, if the Registered Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of 
applicable law or regulations, a leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland or published on 
the website of Euronext Dublin (live.euronext.com) or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading 
English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. 
20. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or made in 
relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same is payable under 
these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second currency") for the purpose of 
(a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other 
tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify 
each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or 
to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the 
rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second 
currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business 
purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or 
in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a separate and 
independent cause of action. 
21. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these Conditions 
or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 
0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded

--- Page 77 ---
10306062790-v3 
75 
70-41087919 
 
to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from 
such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two 
decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
22. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes are governed by English law. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient 
courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered 
to Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG, United 
Kingdom, or to such other person with an address in England or Wales and/or at such other address in 
England or Wales as the Issuer may specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders. Nothing in this 
paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 78 ---
10306062790-v3 
76 
70-41087919 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme 
which are not Exempt Notes. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the " Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[EU MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined 
in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")][EU MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to 
Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from 
time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A 
of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed 
capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).]

--- Page 79 ---
10306062790-v3 
77 
70-41087919 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
 
UPM-Kymmene Corporation 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
 
Legal entity Identifier (LEI): 213800EC6PW5VU4J9U64 
under the EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in 
the base prospectus dated 7 March 2025 [and the supplemental base prospectus[es] dated [●][and [●]] in order to obtain all 
the relevant information which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus] (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for 
the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain 
all the relevant information. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a 
base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base prospectus with an earlier date 
were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth 
in the base prospectus dated [5 November 2020]/[5 March 2021]/[7 March 2022]/[8 March 2024] which are incorporated 
by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 7 March 2025. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 7 
March 2025 [and the supplement[s] thereto dated [•]] in order to obtain all the relevant information which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), save in respect 
of the Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated [5 November 2020]/[5 March 2021]/[7 March 2022]. 
The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Issuer (www.upm.com) and the website of Euronext Dublin 
(live.euronext.com).  
The expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should remain as 
set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the 
paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
 
Issuer: 
UPM-Kymmene Corporation 
2. 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with the [●] on 
[[●]/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
22 below [which is expected to occur on or about [●]].] 
3. 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4. 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]

--- Page 80 ---
10306062790-v3 
78 
70-41087919 
 
5. 
 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [●]] 
6. 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7. 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] ] 
8. 
 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9. 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[●][●][EURIBOR/STIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR]+/– 
[●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
10. 
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [●]/[100] per cent. 
of their principal amount. 
11.  
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any Fixed to floating rate change occurs 
or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and identify there/Not 
Applicable] 
12. 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Put Option] 
 
 
[Call Option] 
 
 
[Clean-up Call] 
 
 
[(See paragraph [17/18/19] below)] 
13.  
(i)   
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
(ii)  
[[Date [Board] approval for 
[●] 
issuance 
of 
Notes] 
obtained:] 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14.  
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
OR 
 
[Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [●]

--- Page 81 ---
10306062790-v3 
79 
70-41087919 
 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] 
15.  
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment Date]: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention/ Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Fiscal 
Agent]): 
[●] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[●][●] 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/SONIA 
compounded Index/SOFR Compounded Index] 
 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [●] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days/London Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [●] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days/London Banking Days /Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag Period or 
Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[●]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Index Determination  [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SONIA 
Compounded Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SOFR Compounded 
Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Decimal 
Place 
[●] [5/7] (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the 
fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index 
and the seventh decimal place in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index) 
 
• 
Relevant Number of 
Index Days 
[●] [5] (the Relevant Number shall be 5, unless otherwise agreed 
with the Calculation Agent)

--- Page 82 ---
10306062790-v3 
80 
70-41087919 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●]/[●] London Banking Days prior to the end of each Interest 
Period]  
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[●] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[●] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period] 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for Lookback, the 
Observation Period Shift or Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days, unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation 
Agent) 
 
Averaging 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift Business 
days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable]]

--- Page 83 ---
10306062790-v3 
81 
70-41087919 
 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for Lookback, the 
Observation Period Shift or Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days, unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation 
Agent) 
 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift Business 
days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Observation 
Period Shift or Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days, unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
(x) 
[Linear interpolation:  
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest 
period)]  
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less than zero] / [The 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less than [●] per cent. per 
annum] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
[(xv) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the amount of 
interest payable for any Rate 
Adjustment 
under 
Condition 6(e):  
[The Fiscal Agent/other] shall be the Calculation Agent.] 
16.  
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17.  
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●]

--- Page 84 ---
10306062790-v3 
82 
70-41087919 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Make Whole Redemption Price]  
[(in the case of the Optional Redemption Dates falling on [●]]/[in 
the period from and including [date]]  
 
 
[(iii) 
Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Price: 
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount/Sterling Make 
Whole Redemption Amount/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs(a) – (c) of 
this paragraph) 
 
[(a) 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond]] 
 
[(b) 
Quotation Time: 
[●]] 
 
[(c) 
Redemption Margin: 
[●] per cent.] 
 
[(d) 
Determination Date: 
[●]] 
 
[(e)  
Par 
Call 
Commencement 
Period: 
From (and including) [     ] to (but excluding) the Maturity Date 
/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●]  
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount 
[●]  
 
(v) 
Clean-Up Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
18.  
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
19.  
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
20.  
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21.  
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes:

--- Page 85 ---
10306062790-v3 
83 
70-41087919 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [●] days' 
notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[●] days' notice] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [●] 
days' notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates on [●] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances described in the Global Registered Note] 
 
 
[and] 
 
 
Global Registered Note [(U.S.$/Euro [●] principal amount)] 
registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under 
the New Safekeeping Structure).] 
22.  
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
23.  
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph relates to 
the date of payment, and not the end dates of interest periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraph 15(v) relates] 
24.  
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, more 
than 27 coupon payments are left.] 
 
Signed on behalf of UPM-Kymmene Corporation: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 86 ---
10306062790-v3 
84 
70-41087919 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin with effect 
from [●].] [Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext 
Dublin with effect from [●].] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original 
Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[●] 
2. 
 
[RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated]/[The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
Ratings: 
[Standard & Poor's: [●]] 
 
 
[Moody's: [●]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [●]] 
 
 
Option 1 – CRA established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). 
 
 
Option 2 – CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation but has applied for registration 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation"), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been provided by 
the [relevant competent authority] /[European Securities and 
Markets Authority]. 
 
 
Option 3 – CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation and not applied for registration 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). 
 
 
Option 4 – CRA not established in the EEA but relevant rating 
is endorsed by a CRA which is established and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but the rating it has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). 
 
 
Option 5 – CRA is not established in the EEA and relevant rating 
is not endorsed under the EU CRA Regulation but CRA is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation

--- Page 87 ---
10306062790-v3 
85 
70-41087919 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but is certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). 
 
 
Option 6 – CRA neither established in the EEA nor certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not 
endorsed under the EU CRA Regulation   
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA and is not certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation. 
[Insert explanation of the meaning of ratings]] 
3. 
 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the statement below:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, 
and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend 
as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
 
 
 
5. 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
CFI: 
[●] 
 
FISN: 
[●] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat 
as 
necessary]. 
As 
at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended]/ [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name of administrator]

--- Page 88 ---
10306062790-v3 
86 
70-41087919 
 
is not currently required to obtain recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] [include this 
text for registered notes held under the NSS Structure] and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]/  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of these 
Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] [include this text 
for registered notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
6. 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) 
Names of Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s), if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv)  
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA C / TEFRA D / TEFRA 
not applicable] – Not Rule 144A Eligible] 
 
(v) 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, or the 
Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should 
be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products, and 
no key information document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.)] 
 
(vi) 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, or the 
Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products, and 
no key information document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.)] 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] [Give details] [Green Bonds] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]

--- Page 89 ---
10306062790-v3 
87 
70-41087919 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
OPTION 1 – EU MiFID II Target market Legend for a professional investors and ECPs (consider if any of the 
Issuer / Guarantor / Managers are "EU MiFID II entities" and are "manufacturers" for the purposes of EU MiFID 
II) 
[EU MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined 
in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")][EU MiFID II]; or (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OPTION 2 – UK MiFIR Target market Legend for a professional investors and ECPs (consider if any of the Issuer 
/ Guarantor / Managers are "UK MiFIR entities" and are "manufacturers" for the purposes of UK MiFIR) 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
END OF OPTION 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to 
Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from 
time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A 
of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed 
capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).]

--- Page 90 ---
10306062790-v3 
88 
70-41087919 
 
Pricing Supplement dated [●] 
UPM-Kymmene Corporation 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Legal entity Identifier (LEI): 213800EC6PW5VU4J9U64 
under the EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in 
the base prospectus dated 7 March 2025 [and the supplemental base prospectus[es] dated [●][and [●]] in order to obtain all 
the relevant information which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus] (the "Base Prospectus"). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a 
base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base prospectus with an earlier date 
were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth 
in the base prospectus dated [5 November 2020]/[5 March 2021]/[7 March 2022]/[8 March 2024] which are incorporated 
by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 7 March 2025. 
The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Issuer (www.upm.com). 
The expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
In accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the issuance of the Notes 
described herein. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should remain as 
set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the 
paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
UPM-Kymmene Corporation 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with the [●] on 
[[●]/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
22 below [which is expected to occur on or about [●]].] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [●]] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●]

--- Page 91 ---
10306062790-v3 
89 
70-41087919 
 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] ] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[●][●] 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR]+/– 
[●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [●]/[100] per cent. 
of their principal amount. 
11. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any Fixed to floating rate change occurs 
or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and identify there/Not 
Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Put Option] 
 
 
[Call Option] 
 
 
[Clean-up Call] 
 
 
[(See paragraph [17/18/19] below)] 
13. 
(i)   
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
(ii)  
[[Date [Board] approval for 
[●] 
issuance 
of 
Notes] 
obtained:] 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
OR 
 
[Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / other] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 92 ---
10306062790-v3 
90 
70-41087919 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment Date]: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention/ Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Fiscal 
Agent]): 
[●] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[●][●] 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/SONIA 
compounded Index/SOFR Compounded Index] 
 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [●] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days/London Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [●] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days/London Banking Days /Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag Period or 
Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[●]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Index Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SONIA 
Compounded Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SOFR Compounded 
Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Decimal 
Place 
[●] [5/7] (unless otherwise specified in the Pricing Supplement, 
be the fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded 
Index and the seventh decimal place in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index) 
 
• 
Relevant Number of 
Index Days 
[●] [5] (the Relevant Number shall be 5, unless otherwise agreed 
with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●]/[●] London Banking Days prior to the end of each Interest 
Period] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[●]

--- Page 93 ---
10306062790-v3 
91 
70-41087919 
 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[●] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[●] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period] 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for Lookback, the 
Observation Period Shift or Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days, unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation 
Agent) 
 
Averaging 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift Business 
days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for Lookback, the 
Observation Period Shift or Observation Period Shift Additional

--- Page 94 ---
10306062790-v3 
92 
70-41087919 
 
Business Days, unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation 
Agent) 
 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift Business 
days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [●] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Observation 
Period Shift or Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days, unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
(x) 
[Linear interpolation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest 
period)] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less than zero] / [The 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less than [●] per cent. per 
annum] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)]/[other] 
 
[(xv) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the amount of 
interest payable for any Rate 
Adjustment 
under 
Condition 6(e): 
[The Fiscal Agent/other] shall be the Calculation Agent.] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)]/[other] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Make Whole Redemption Price] 
[(in the case of the Optional Redemption Dates falling on [●]]/[in 
the period from and including [date]]

--- Page 95 ---
10306062790-v3 
93 
70-41087919 
 
 
[(iii) 
Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Price: 
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount/Sterling Make 
Whole Redemption Amount/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub paragraphs(a) – (c) of 
this paragraph) 
 
[(a) 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond]] 
 
[(b) 
Quotation Time: 
[●]] 
 
[(c) 
Redemption Margin: 
[●] per cent.] 
 
[(d) 
Determination Date: 
[●]] 
 
[(e)  
Par 
Call 
Commencement 
Period: 
From (and including) [   ] to (but excluding) the Maturity Date 
/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Clean-Up Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
18. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [●] days' 
notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[●] days' notice]

--- Page 96 ---
10306062790-v3 
94 
70-41087919 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [●] 
days' notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates on [●] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances described in the Global Registered Note] 
 
 
[and] 
 
 
Global Registered Note [(U.S.$/Euro [●] principal amount)] 
registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under 
the New Safekeeping Structure).] 
22. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph relates to 
the date of payment, and not the end dates of interest periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraph 15(v) relates] 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, more 
than 27 coupon payments are left.] 
 
Signed on behalf of UPM-Kymmene Corporation: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 97 ---
10306062790-v3 
95 
70-41087919 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Not Applicable.] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original 
Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
[RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated]/[The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
Ratings: 
[Standard & Poor's: [●]] 
 
 
[Moody's: [●]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [●]] 
 
 
Option 1 – CRA established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). 
 
 
Option 2 – CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation but has applied for registration 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation"), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been provided by 
the [relevant competent authority] /[European Securities and 
Markets Authority]. 
 
 
Option 3 – CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation and not applied for registration 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). 
 
 
Option 4 – CRA not established in the EEA but relevant rating 
is endorsed by a CRA which is established and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but the rating it has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). 
 
 
Option 5 – CRA is not established in the EEA and relevant rating 
is not endorsed under the EU CRA Regulation but CRA is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but is certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").

--- Page 98 ---
10306062790-v3 
96 
70-41087919 
 
 
 
Option 6 – CRA neither established in the EEA nor certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not 
endorsed under the EU CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA and is not certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation. 
[Insert explanation of the meaning of ratings]] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the statement below:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, 
and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend 
as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
CFI: 
[●] 
 
FISN: 
[●] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat 
as 
necessary]. 
As 
at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended]/ [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name of administrator] 
is not currently required to obtain recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] [include this

--- Page 99 ---
10306062790-v3 
97 
70-41087919 
 
text for registered notes held under NSS structure] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of this 
Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] [include this text 
for registered notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) 
Names of Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s), if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv)  
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA C / TEFRA D / TEFRA 
not applicable] – Not Rule 144A Eligible] 
 
(v) 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, or the 
Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared, "Not Applicable" should be specified. 
If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products, and no key 
information document will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.)] 
 
(vi) 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, or the 
Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products, and 
no key information document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.)] 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] [Give details] [for example, if the 
Notes are being issued as Green Bonds] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]

--- Page 100 ---
10306062790-v3 
98 
70-41087919 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM  
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note 
is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered Note is for the time being 
registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held by or on behalf of a depositary or a 
common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or 
common depositary or common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each an "Accountholder") must look 
solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for 
such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered 
Note and in relation to all other rights arising under such Global Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and 
the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note or Global Registered Note 
will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other 
relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global 
Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes 
and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered 
Note. 
Transfers of Interests in Global Notes and Global Registered Notes  
Transfers of interests in Global Notes and Global Registered Notes within Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
other relevant clearing system will be in accordance with their respective rules and operating procedures. None of the 
Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records of any 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system or any of their respective participants 
relating to payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in a Global Note or Global Registered Note or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any of the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant 
clearing system or the records of their respective participants relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
For a further description of restrictions on the transfer of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale" and "Transfer Restrictions". 
Conditions Applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note or Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or Coupon will be made against 
presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note 
or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the 
corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest 
is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule 
thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Calculation of interest: the calculation of any interest amount in respect of any Note which is represented by a Global Note 
or Global Registered Note will be calculated on the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes represented by 
such Global Note or Global Registered Note, as the case may be, and not by reference to the Calculation Amount. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note or Global Registered Note, shall be: if the currency of payment is 
euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in 
each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each 
(if any) Additional Financial Centre.

--- Page 101 ---
10306062790-v3 
99 
70-41087919 
 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the 
Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System Business Day before 
the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System Business Day" means a day on which each 
clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being held is open for business. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note must, within the period specified in the 
Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be 
irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note or Global Registered Note may be 
redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be 
redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by 
a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or Global Registered Note and the Permanent Global Note is 
(or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), or Global Registered Note is deposited with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to 
trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, such notices shall also be published in 
a leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland or published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(live.euronext.com).  
Similarly, the provisions for meetings of Noteholders in the Agency Agreement contain provisions that apply while the 
Notes are represented by a Global Note or a Global Registered Note. The following is a summary of certain of those 
provisions: 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution: While any Global Note or Global Registered Note is held on behalf of a 
clearing system, then:  
(a)  
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated through the 
electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and 
procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes outstanding 
(an "Electronic Consent" as defined in the Agency Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including matters that 
would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which a special quorum was 
satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, 
and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons, Talons and Receipts whether or not they 
participated in such Electronic Consent; and  
(b)  
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written Resolution (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on consent or 
instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements 
to such Global Note or Global Registered Note and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such entitlement on 
behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that 
accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to 
give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued 
by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system 
(the "relevant clearing system") and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder 
identified by the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner 
shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be 
defective. Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding 
for all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of 
electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg's CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of 
a particular principal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The 
Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate

--- Page 102 ---
10306062790-v3 
100 
70-41087919 
 
or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged 
or not authentic.

--- Page 103 ---
10306062790-v3 
101 
70-41087919 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the general financing corporate purposes of the Issuer. If, in 
respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
In particular, the applicable Final Terms indicates that the Notes are intended to constitute Green Bonds, then the Issuer 
intends to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an issue of Notes specifically to finance or re-finance eligible 
green projects and assets (the "Eligible Green Projects and Assets") that have been evaluated and selected by the Issuer 
in accordance with the Green Finance Framework. Such Notes may also be referred to as "Green Bonds". 
The Green Finance Framework may be updated from time to time to reflect current market practices. Any amendments to 
the Green Finance Framework will be available on the Issuer's website. When establishing the terms in the current Green 
Finance Framework the Issuer has sought to comply with the Green Bond Principles (updated as of June 2021, including 
the updated Appendix I of June 2022) published by the International Capital Markets Association (the "Green Bond 
Principles") and the Green Loan Principles (updated as of 2023) published by the Loan Market Association, the Asia 
Pacific Loan Market Association and the Loan Syndications and Trading Association (the "Green Loan Principles"). The 
Issuer has engaged S&P Global Ratings ("SPGR") to act as an external verifier of the Green Finance Framework and the 
Eligible Green Projects and Assets, and SPGR has issued an independent opinion, dated 6 November 2023, on the Issuer's 
Green Finance Framework (the "Second Party Opinion"). The Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain 
environmental and related considerations and is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment 
in any Green Bonds, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any 
security. The Second Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact.  
The Green Finance Framework, including the information on the Eligible Green Projects and Assets that can be used for 
Green Bonds, the Second Party Opinion and any post-issuance reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the 
application of the proceeds of Green Bonds (or amounts equal thereto) will be available on the Issuer’s website at 
www.upm.com/investors/upm-as-an-investment/debt. For the avoidance of doubt, none of any such opinion, report, 
certification or the Green Finance Framework are, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the Second Party 
Opinion or any opinion, report, certification of any third party (including any post-issuance reports prepared by an external 
review) (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Green 
Bonds and in particular with any Eligible Green Projects and Assets to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or 
other criteria. No such opinion, report, certification or post-issuance report nor the Green Finance Framework are, nor 
should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any 
such Green Bonds. Any such opinion, report, certification or post-issuance report is only current as at the date that opinion, 
review, certification or post-issuance report was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any such opinion, report, certification or post-issuance report and/or the information contained therein and/or 
the provider of such opinion, report, certification or post-issuance report for the purpose of any investment in such Green 
Bonds. Currently, the providers of such opinions, reviews, certifications and post-issuance reports are not subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion, report, certification 
or post-issuance report is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Dealers, or any other person to buy, 
sell or hold any Notes and is current only as of the date it is issued. The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis 
of the Second Party Opinion or any such other opinion, report, certification or post-issuance report may change at any time 
and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. Prospective investors 
must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report, certification or post-issuance report and/or the 
information contained therein.  
Prospective investors in any Green Bonds should also refer to the risk factor above headed "Risk Factors—Notes issued as 
Green Bonds with a specific use of proceeds, may not meet investor expectations or requirements" and "No assurance of 
suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification of any third party relating to 
any Green Bonds".

--- Page 104 ---
10306062790-v3 
102 
70-41087919 
 
GREEN FINANCE FRAMEWORK 
The Final Terms relating to a specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it is the Issuer's intention to apply an amount 
equal to the net proceeds of those Notes for projects that promote climate change mitigation and other environmental 
purposes in accordance with the Issuer's Green Finance Framework. If the applicable Final Terms indicates that Notes are 
intended to constitute Green Bonds, it is the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the Green 
Bonds to finance and/or re-finance Eligible Green Projects and Assets that have been evaluated and selected by the Issuer 
in accordance with the Green Finance Framework. Refinancing is defined as allocation to Projects and Assets materialised 
before the issuance of any Green Bond, with a maximum look-back period of three years from the time of issuance.  
Use of Proceeds – Eligible Categories 
Eligible Green Projects and Assets include expenditure for the eligible categories (the “Eligible Categories”) summarised 
in the table below. Eligible Green Projects and Assets must fall within one of the Eligible Categories.  
The information below represents a summary of information contained in the Green Finance Framework: 
Eligible 
Category 
Green Bond Principles 
Categories 
Description 
UN Sustainable Development 
Goals Mapping 
Sustainable 
forest and 
plantation 
management 
Environmentally 
sustainable management of 
living natural resources and 
land use 
 
Contribution to:  
 
Climate change mitigation, 
Climate change adaptation, 
Natural resource conservation 
and Biodiversity conservation 
Proceeds will be used to finance assets, acquisition, 
research and development and management of forests 
and plantations and related infrastructure that have (or 
will, within 12 months, have) a certification from the 
Forest Stewardship Council ("FSC") or the Programme 
for the Endorsement of Forest Certification ("PEFC") 
located where UPM is operating Use of proceeds can 
also finance activities that ensure and increase 
biodiversity. 
Eligible Green Projects and Assets include, but are not 
limited to, acquisition and management of nurseries, 
plantation, harvesting as well as, forestry-related 
measures such as an increase in the share of 
broadleaved trees, amount of deadwood, diversified 
forest age, forest structure, protected areas, protection 
of other vulnerable habitats, habitat restorations, and 
species and habitat projects, as well as development of 
biodiversity measurement and indicators. 
 
 
Target 13.1           Target 15.2 
Climate 
positive and 
circular 
bioeconomy 
adapted 
products and 
solutions 
Circular economy adapted 
products, production 
technologies and processes 
 
Contribution to:  
 
Climate change mitigation 
Proceeds will be used to finance assets, research and 
development, and maintenance of production units and 
facilities including the equipment, processes and 
technology related to climate positive or circulate 
bioeconomy adapted products and solutions that 
replace 
fossil 
raw 
materials 
with 
renewable 
alternatives. 
Eligible Green Projects and Assets include, but are not 
limited to, biofuels, biochemicals, packaging materials, 
biocomposites and biomedicals that are based on FSC- 
or PEFC-certified wood, its residue or RSB (The 
Roundtable on Sustainable Biomaterials) certified 
plants as the main raw material. 
 
 
Target 13.1 
Renewable or 
CO2-free 
energy 
Renewable energy 
 
Contribution to:  
 
Climate change mitigation 
Proceeds will be used to finance the development, 
operations and maintenance of renewable and CO2-free 
energy solutions.  
Eligible Green Projects and Assets include, but are not 
limited 
to, 
new 
investments, 
modernisations, 
refurbishment, upgrades and maintenance of existing 
equipment, distribution and production of waste-heat or 
electricity from renewable or CO2-free energy sources, 
or the investments in CO2-free energy boilers, hydro, 
wind and solar power, as well as green hydrogen. 
 
 
Target 7.3             Target 13.1

--- Page 105 ---
10306062790-v3 
103 
70-41087919 
 
Eligible 
Category 
Green Bond Principles 
Categories 
Description 
UN Sustainable Development 
Goals Mapping 
Pollution 
prevention and 
control, 
including waste 
management 
Pollution prevention and 
control 
 
Contribution to:  
 
Climate change mitigation, 
Pollution prevention and 
control 
Proceeds will be used to finance the reduction of the 
Issuer's environmental impact and improvement of the 
environmental performance of its operations. 
Eligible Green Projects and Assets include, but are not 
limited to, equipment, systems, initiatives and research 
and development relevant for circular bioeconomy (e.g. 
finding recycling solutions for green liquor dregs), 
costs related to waste management following the waste 
hierarchy (e.g. costs for recycling and other disposal of 
our waste streams), for the reduction and control of 
pollution to air, water and soil (e.g. control of effluent 
treatment, treatment and control of air emissions from 
our energy generation or production) or for carbon 
capture and storage technology (a topic under 
development). 
 
Target 12.2,          Target13.1        
12.4 and 12.5          
 
Sustainable 
water and 
wastewater 
management 
Sustainable water and 
wastewater management 
 
Contribution to:  
 
Climate change mitigation, 
Pollution 
prevention 
and 
control, 
Natural 
resource 
conservation and Biodiversity 
conservation 
Proceeds will finance the reduction of water use and 
management of fresh and wastewater for the Issuer's 
operations and related activities. Use of proceeds can 
also finance water-related measures, enhancing 
biodiversity such as creating more spawning areas or 
freeing waterways for migratory fish as part of the 
Issuer’s stream water programme. 
Eligible Green Projects and Assets include, but are not 
limited to, equipment and management related to raw 
water intake and purification, wastewater treatment, the 
circular use of water, nutrients and residues from water 
and wastewater treatment or other projects for the 
protection of soil and groundwater. 
 
Target 6.3 
Energy 
efficiency 
initiatives 
Energy efficiency 
 
Contribution to:  
 
Climate change mitigation, 
Climate change adaptation 
Proceeds will be used to finance developments, 
modernisations and management of renewable energy 
solutions, improving energy efficiency compared to the 
previous situation and where negative climate impact 
and potential rebound and lock-in effects are 
considered with the requirement of a minimum 25 per 
cent efficiency improvement.  
Eligible Green Projects and Assets include, but are not 
limited to, projects, initiatives and processes such as 
new boiler or heat recovery systems, technologies or 
equipment, 
advanced 
IT 
solutions 
or 
energy 
management systems. For all energy efficiency 
initiatives financed under this framework, lock-in and 
rebound effects will be considered. 
 
Target 7.3             Target 13.1 
 
Project evaluation and selection 
The use of net proceeds from Green Bonds will be subject to specific eligibility criteria to be applied to new or existing 
assets or projects, as detailed in the Green Finance Framework. The Green Finance Framework excludes investments 
directly related to activities associated with fossil fuels and sites that use coal as an energy source. 
The Issuer has designed and implemented a process to ensure that only projects aligned with the criteria set out in the Green 
Finance Framework are selected as Eligible Green Projects and Assets. The Issuer has established the Green Finance 
Committee (the "Green Finance Committee") to oversee the process. The Green Finance Committee has permanent 
members from the following teams of the Issuer: (i) treasury, (ii) responsibility, (iii) investor relations, (iv) finance and (v) 
investment management and may consult other internal stakeholders as necessary. The Green Finance Committee meets at 
least semi-annually. 
Management of proceeds 
The Issuer has established a green finance register in relation to issued green finance instruments for the purpose of 
monitoring the Eligible Green Projects and Assets and the allocation of the net proceeds from green finance instruments to 
Eligible Green Projects and Assets.  
The Issuer intends to allocate the proceeds of the Green Finance Instrument at the earliest possible convenience and 
commits on a best effort basis to reach full allocation within two years after the issuance. Unallocated proceeds may be 
temporarily placed in line with the liquidity reserves, taking the exclusion criteria into account, managed by the Issuer’s

--- Page 106 ---
10306062790-v3 
104 
70-41087919 
 
Treasury. The balance of the proceeds will be checked at least semi-annually to account for any need to re-allocate proceeds 
which no longer fulfil the Eligibility Criteria. 
Reporting  
While any Green Bonds are outstanding, the Issuer will annually publish a report on the allocation of proceeds and 
environmental impact of green finance instruments, including Green Bonds issued under the Green Finance Framework. 
The allocation report will, to the extent feasible, include the following components: (i) a list of all Eligible Green Projects 
and Assets funded, including amounts allocated; (ii)  amounts invested in each category and the relative share of new 
financing versus refinancing; (iii) a description of some of the activities financed; (iv) geographical distribution; (v) amount 
of unallocated proceeds; and (vi) EU Taxonomy eligibility/alignment estimation (if feasible). In the impact report, the 
Issuer will strive to report on the actual environmental impact of the investments financed by its green finance instruments, 
including Green Bonds issued under the Green Finance Framework. If the actual impact cannot be systematically measured 
and reported, or proves unreasonably difficult to establish, the estimated impact will be reported. The impact report will, 
to the extent feasible, also include a section on methodology, baselines and assumptions used in impact calculations. 
The Issuer will engage an independent external auditor to provide an annual limited assurance on both allocation and impact 
reporting until the proceeds of the Green Bonds issued under the Green Finance Framework have been fully allocated.

--- Page 107 ---
10306062790-v3 
105 
70-41087919 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Overview  
UPM-Kymmene Corporation (the "Company"), together with its consolidated subsidiaries "UPM" or the "Group", is a 
global forest-based material solutions company. UPM's large product portfolio covers pulp, graphic papers and specialty 
papers, self-adhesive labels, wood-based renewable diesel and naphtha, electricity as well as plywood and timber products. 
UPM constantly looks for new business opportunities and end-uses of forest biomass to replace fossil-based materials and 
to meet the growing global consumer demand. UPM delivers renewable and responsible solutions across its business areas 
that are UPM Fibres, UPM Energy, UPM Raflatac, UPM Specialty Papers, UPM Communication Papers, UPM Plywood 
and Other Operations. For more information, see "—Business Areas" below. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, UPM has 54 production plants in 11 countries and its most important markets are 
Europe, North America and Asia. In 2024 UPM had approximately 10,000 business to business customers and 190 million 
end-users globally. For the years ended 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023, UPM had sales of EUR 10.3 billion 
and EUR 10.5 billion, respectively. UPM's total assets amounted to EUR 19.1 billion as at 31 December 2024 and 
EUR 18.5 billion as at 31 December 2023. As at 31 December 2024, UPM had 15,827 employees. 
UPM-Kymmene Corporation is a public limited liability company that was registered with the Finnish Trade Register on 
30 April 1996 under the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006, as amended) with business identity code 1041090-0. The 
Company's legal entity identifier (LEI) is 213800EC6PW5VU4J9U64. The Company's shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki 
Ltd and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company has a total of 533,735,699 shares issued and outstanding, and 
its share capital is EUR 889,572,283.00. 
According to the Company's Articles of Association, the Company's field of activity is directly, or through its subsidiaries 
or affiliated companies, to engage in forestry and forest, packaging, chemical and energy industries, to provide related 
services and to engage in other related business activities, to own, possess and trade in real estate, commodities, shares and 
other securities and to engage in other investment activities. 
The Company's registered office is at Alvar Aallon katu 1, FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland, and its switchboard telephone 
number is +358 204 15 111. 
History 
On 30 April 1996, UPM-Kymmene Corporation was incorporated as a result of the merger of two Finnish companies, 
Kymmene Corporation ("Kymmene") and Repola Ltd ("Repola"). Prior to the merger, United Paper Mills Ltd ("United 
Paper Mills") had been a paper and forest products subsidiary of Repola.  
Kymmene's origins date back to 1872. Kymmene made its first international acquisition in 1932. In the 1960s, Kymmene 
expanded its operations into Germany through the construction of Nordland Papier and into France through the acquisition 
of Papeteries Boucher S,A. In the 1980s, Kymmene merged with the Finnish forest industry company Oy Kaukas Ab, built 
a new lightweight coated paper mill in Irvine in Scotland (Caledonian Paper), and acquired the Finnish forest industry 
company Oy Wilh. Schauman Ab. In the 1990s, Kymmene acquired the French newsprint producer Chapelle Darblay S.A.  
The predecessor companies of Repola were founded in the late nineteenth century. In 1920, the ownership of three paper 
mills was consolidated to form United Paper Mills. During the decades that followed, United Paper Mills expanded its 
operations, reaching new markets throughout Europe. Rauma Repola Oy ("Rauma Repola") had become, over the decades, 
an international forest products and engineering company. In 1990, United Paper Mills and Rauma Repola merged to form 
the international forest products and engineering group Repola. All engineering operations of the merged companies were 
combined to form Rauma Corporation and their forest industry operations were combined within United Paper Mills. 
As part of its strategy UPM, has made several acquisitions in its history, such as Blandin Paper Company in the United 
States in 1997, Changshu paper mill in China in 2000, Miramichi paper and pulp mills in Canada in 2000, Haindl paper 
mills in Germany in 2001, Myllykoski Oyj in Finland and Rhein Papier GmbH in Germany in 2011 including the Ettringen, 
Hürth and Plattling paper mills. UPM became a more prominent competitor in plywood production when it acquired the 
Otepää mill in Estonia in 2003 and the Chudovo mill in Russia in 2005. UPM has also divested certain non-core businesses. 
By the mid-2000s, UPM had sold around twenty non-core mills and companies. Instead of cardboard and plastic packaging, 
UPM decided to specialise in self-adhesive labels (within its business area UPM Raflatac) and release liners (within its 
business area UPM Specialty Papers). 
UPM's portfolio development and strategic transformation was intensified when it became apparent that digitalisation 
would permanently reduce the demand for paper. The closing of the Voikkaa, Miramichi and Kajaani paper mills triggered 
a transformation in UPM's operations. UPM started to envision a future based on innovations developed from fibre, wood 
chemicals and biomass. UPM's pulp and energy operations, previously considered support functions, became market-driven

--- Page 108 ---
10306062790-v3 
106 
70-41087919 
 
businesses in 2008. The strategic transformation continued with a new identity and strategy in 2009, when UPM became 
"The Biofore Company".  
The first significant steps in the implementation of the new strategy were the acquisition of the full ownership in the Fray 
Bentos pulp mill in Uruguay in 2009, the commencement of biocomposite production, the rapid expansion of the label 
business and the construction of a biofuel refinery in Lappeenranta, which began its operations in 2015. In 2018, UPM 
introduced the promise 'UPM Biofore – Beyond Fossils' that summarised UPM's strategic direction. Continuing to 
implement its strategy, UPM made the decision in 2019 to build a second pulp mill in Uruguay. In 2020, UPM announced 
its intention to take its next transformative growth step by entering the biochemicals business by investing in a biochemicals 
refinery in Germany and in January 2021, UPM announced that it is moving forward with its biofuels growth plan and has 
started the basic engineering phase of a next generation biorefinery. For more information, see "Business Strategy" below. 
Over the past decade, UPM has continuously reduced its graphic paper capacity and taken measures to improve its cost 
efficiency. At the same time, UPM has invested in the other businesses, where long-term fundamentals for demand growth 
are positive and profitability on average has been higher than in the mature graphic paper business. In its investments, UPM 
applies conservative financial policies and strict criteria. These actions have significantly increased the share of growing, 
more profitable businesses in the UPM business portfolio and UPM has defined renewable fibres, advanced materials and 
decarbonisation solutions as being its main strategic focus areas with most significant growth potential. The successful 
commercialisation and scale-up of the businesses to a significant size are important for UPM. For more information on the 
strategic focus areas, see "Business Strategy" below. During this process, UPM has maintained a strong balance sheet and 
had a net debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.66 as at 31 December 2024. 
Business Areas 
General 
UPM consists of six separate business areas: UPM Fibres, UPM Energy, UPM Raflatac, UPM Specialty Papers, UPM 
Communication Papers, UPM Plywood and Other Operations. Under Other Operations business area UPM has UPM 
Biorefining and UPM Forest business units. UPM Biorefining business unit consist of UPM Biofuels, UPM Biochemicals, 
UPM Biomedicals businesses. Each business area is responsible for executing its own strategy and achieving the targets 
set for the business area. Group direction and support from global functions enable the businesses to capture benefits from 
UPM's brand, scale and integration, while navigating the complex operating environment. Capital allocation decisions take 
place at the group level. The following table sets forth UPM's sales by business area for the years indicated: 
  
For the year  
ended 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
 
(audited) 
(audited) 
 
(EUR in millions) 
Business Area 
 
 
UPM Fibres .................................................................................................................................................  
3,728 
3,044 
UPM Energy ...............................................................................................................................................  
627 
628 
UPM Raflatac .............................................................................................................................................  
1,562 
1,485 
UPM Specialty Papers ................................................................................................................................  
1,467 
1,485 
UPM Communication Papers......................................................................................................................  
2,953 
3,598 
UPM Plywood ............................................................................................................................................  
430 
422 
Other Operations .........................................................................................................................................  
623 
802 
Eliminations and reconciliations(1) ..............................................................................................................  
(1,051) 
(1,003) 
Total ...........................................................................................................................................................  
10,339 
10,460 
___________ 
 
(1) 
Includes the elimination of internal sales and internal inventory margin and the changes in fair value of unrealised cash flow and commodity 
hedges that are not allocated to segments.

--- Page 109 ---
10306062790-v3 
107 
70-41087919 
 
UPM Fibres  
UPM Fibres consists of the UPM Pulp and UPM Timber businesses.  
UPM Pulp 
UPM Pulp serves the global market with a comprehensive assortment of sustainably produced eucalyptus, birch and 
softwood pulp grades for a wide range of end uses such as tissue, specialty and graphic papers and board. UPM has three 
pulp mills in Finland and two mills and plantation operations in Uruguay following the commencement of operations at 
the UPM Paso de los Toros pulp mill in April 2023. The UPM Paso de los Toros pulp mill reached full production capacity 
during the third quarter of 2024. UPM Pulp is among the world's leading eucalyptus pulp producers and one of the largest 
pulp producers in the world, with a production capacity of 5.8 million tonnes. The total investment in the Paso de los Toros 
eucalyptus pulp mill was USD 3.47 billion including a pulp terminal in the port of Montevideo as well as investments in 
local facilities in Paso de los Toros. UPM Pulp manages 492,000 hectares of owned and leased plantations in Uruguay. 
UPM Timber 
UPM Timber offers certified sawn timber for customers in the joinery, packaging, furniture, planing and construction end-
use segments. UPM Timber is a significant Nordic sawn timber producer with an annual production capacity of 1.4 million 
cubic meters of sawn timber. UPM operates four sawmills in Finland. 
UPM Energy 
UPM Energy generates cost competitive, carbon-free electricity in its own and co-owned power plants. Operations also 
include physical electricity and financial portfolio management as well as market flexibility and optimisation services. 
UPM Energy is the second largest electricity producer in Finland. UPM's power generation capacity consists of 
hydropower, nuclear power and thermal power. 
UPM Raflatac 
UPM Raflatac offers high-quality self-adhesive paper and film products including label materials, graphics solutions and 
removable self-adhesive products. UPM Raflatac is the world's second-largest producer of self-adhesive label materials 
with 14 factories and 23 slitting and distribution terminals on all continents. The customers include label printers, 
converters, packers, and brand owners in the food, beverage, home and personal care, pharmaceutical, retail, logistics, 
durables, tyres and A4 segments.  
UPM Specialty Papers 
UPM's Specialty Papers offers specialty packaging materials for flexible packaging, labelling and industrial release liners 
as well as office and graphic papers in the Asia-Pacific region. The production plants are located in Finland, Germany and 
China. UPM Specialty Papers is the market leader in labelling materials and release liner base papers globally. The 
customers include paper converters, merchants, distributors, retailers, printers, publishers, label stock manufacturers and 
commercial siliconisers. 
UPM Communication Papers 
UPM Communication Papers offers an extensive product range of graphic papers for advertising and publishing as well as 
home and office use. UPM Communication Papers is Europe's largest producer of magazine, newsprint and fine papers 
with extensive low-cost operations consisting of 10 efficient paper mills in Europe and the United States, a global sales 
network and an efficient logistics system. The main customers are publishers, cataloguers, retailers, printers and merchants. 
UPM Plywood 
UPM Plywood offers plywood and veneer products, mainly for construction, vehicle flooring, liquefied natural gas (LNG) 
shipbuilding and parquet manufacturing and other industrial applications. The seven plywood mills are located in Finland 
(six mills) and Estonia (one mill). With a production capacity of 805,000 cubic metres, UPM Plywood is the global market 
leader in LNG plywood and the market leader in Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) with high and mid segments. 
Other Operations – UPM Biorefining 
Other Operations business unit consists of UPM Biorefining and UPM Forest business units. UPM Biorefining business 
units consists of UPM Biofuels, UPM Biochemicals and UPM Biomedicals businesses. UPM exited the UPM 
Biocomposites business in 2024.

--- Page 110 ---
10306062790-v3 
108 
70-41087919 
 
UPM Biofuels 
UPM Biofuels produces wood-based renewable diesel for all diesel engines and renewable naphtha that can be used as a 
biocomponent for gasoline or for replacing fossil raw materials in the petrochemical industry. UPM operates one 
biorefinery in Finland and the products are sold in Finland, Scandinavia and the EU. The main customers are fuel 
distributors and the transportation, oil and petrochemical industries. In January 2021, UPM started the basic engineering 
phase of a next generation biorefinery. The design for the potential biorefinery has progressed, and major part of the basic 
engineering has been completed. Before a potential investment decision, the focus will be on testing the technology and 
flexible feedstock options. This work is expected to take approximately two years, until 2026.  For more information, see 
"Business Strategy – Decarbonisation solutions" below.  
UPM Biochemicals 
UPM Biochemicals offers wood-based high-quality biochemicals for replacing fossil-based raw materials in various 
applications, such as textiles, PET bottles, packaging, cosmetics, pharmaceuticals, detergents, rubbers and resins. The UPM 
Biochemicals business unit carries out extensive research and product development, both internally and with external 
partners. In January 2020, UPM decided to construct a first of its kind industrial scale biorefinery in Leuna, Germany. The 
commissioning and start-up phase was initiated in late 2024, the integrated commercial production is expected to start in 
the second half of 2025 and biorefinery is expected to reach full production in 2027. The estimated investment amount is 
EUR 1,275 million. See also "Business Strategy – Decarbonisation solutions" below. 
UPM Biomedicals 
UPM Biomedicals develops and supplies innovative and sustainable wood-based biomedical products for clinical and life 
science applications such as wound care, cell therapy and 3D bioprinting. In February 2025, UPM announced plans to close 
the UPM Biomedicals business. 
Other Operations – UPM Forest 
UPM Forest sources competitive wood and biomass for UPM businesses and manages UPM-owned and privately-owned 
forests in North Europe. In addition, UPM Forest offers forestry services to forest owners and forest investors. UPM owns 
forest land in Finland and in the United States and purchases wood and biomass in 15 countries. UPM is one of the largest 
private forest owners in Finland.  
Business Strategy 
UPM believes that global megatrends, such as urbanisation and the growing middle class, represent many long-term growth 
opportunities for UPM's businesses. Furthermore, UPM sees that mitigating climate change and responding to the 
increasingly challenging sustainability commitments by consumer product companies and consumers promote the need for 
renewable, recyclable low-impact material solutions. As a leading player in the forest-based bioindustry, UPM constantly 
looks for new business opportunities and end-uses of forest biomass to replace fossil-based materials and to meet the 
growing global consumer demand. Creating shareholder value is at the core of UPM's strategy, and UPM believes that 
actions also benefit other stakeholders and society in the long term. 
Strategic Direction 
UPM seeks profitable, sustainable growth through performance and capitalising on its major investments. UPM’s strong 
and balanced business portfolio in renewable fibres, advanced materials and decarbonisation solutions provides several 
attractive growth opportunities in the coming years. 
UPM aims for continuous improvement in financial performance with the agile operating model and the efficient use of 
assets and capital. In the pursuit of growth, UPM will maintain its disciplined capital allocation principles. UPM will select 
opportunities that offer strong returns, supported by robust demand growth outlook and structural competitive advantages. 
At the same time, UPM will remain committed to predictable and attractive dividends, which may be complemented with 
share buybacks. 
The key enablers in UPM’s strategy are: 
 
 
People: UPM is committed to enabling performance, engaging people and creating a safe working environment 
while always acting with integrity. Diversity and inclusion, working conditions, learning and development, 
responsible leadership and respect for people are at the core of the work.

--- Page 111 ---
10306062790-v3 
109 
70-41087919 
 
 
Productivity: UPM focuses on leveraging advanced technologies, sustainable practices and strategic initiatives to 
improve efficiency and performance across the operations. UPM is taking active measures to improve productivity 
to ensure the competitiveness of the businesses and support growth ambitions. 
 
Commercial excellence: UPM focus on optimising commercial interfaces and supporting processes to ensure 
security of supply and an enhanced customer experience for customers. UPM concentrates on recognising growth 
opportunities and identifying the best means for commercial success. 
 
Sustainability: The UPM Code of Conduct underlines the Company’s commitment to integrity and responsible 
operations. UPM’s strategy guides to achieve the 2030 sustainability targets and contribute to the UN Sustainable 
Development Goals ("SDGs"). UPM creates value from renewable and recyclable materials, reducing the 
environmental footprint, and enhancing positive societal impact. 
 
Innovation: Sustainability, circular economy and customers are at the heart of innovation at UPM. UPM harnesses 
new ideas and develops new business and products from renewable raw materials that contribute to the ever-
growing need for more sustainable materials. UPM innovates climate-positive products and turns them into 
growing businesses. 
Executing the Growth Strategy 
UPM aims to accelerate its growth in the coming five years. The Company’s business portfolio offers robust growth 
opportunities in renewable fibres – namely, pulp; in advanced materials such as adhesive materials, specialty papers and 
plywood; and in decarbonisation solutions such as biochemicals, biofuels and CO2-free energy. UPM Communication 
Papers has a cash flow role and UPM has consistently maintained competitiveness and strong cash flow in the business. 
For example, UPM Communication Papers’ cumulative free cash flow after investing activities and restructuring costs 
totalled approximately EUR 1.5 billion during the period 2020-2024. 
Renewable fibres 
Global consumer megatrends and the need to find more sustainable alternatives for fossil-based materials support demand 
growth for market pulp. UPM’s new world-class Paso de los Toros pulp mill in central Uruguay with a production capacity 
of 2.1 million tonnes of eucalyptus pulp started up in April 2023 and reached its full production capacity during the third 
quarter of 2024. The mill also generates more than 110 megawatts of surplus renewable electricity. The total investment 
of USD 3.47 billion also includes a pulp terminal in the port of Montevideo as well as investments in local facilities in Paso 
de los Toros. The investment has increased UPM's pulp production capacity by more than 50 per cent., significantly 
contributing to UPM's future earnings.  
With a combination of competitive wood supply, scale, best available techniques and efficient logistics, UPM expects the 
mill to reach a highly competitive cash cost level per delivered tonne of pulp. Eucalyptus availability for the mill is secured 
through plantations owned or leased by UPM as well as through wood sourcing agreements with private partners. The 
plantations that UPM owns, leases or manages in Uruguay covers 492,000 hectares. They supply the current UPM Fray 
Bentos mill and the new UPM Paso de los Toros mill. An efficient logistics chain has been secured by agreed road 
improvements, extensive railway modernisation and port terminal construction. 
UPM aims to optimise the production and realise the full potential of the world-class, low-cost business platform in 
Uruguay. The railway from UPM Paso de los Toros to the port of Montevideo was in full use by the end of 2024 and the 
new platform is now in full operation, paving the way for the next phase of cost optimisation. As with UPM Fray Bentos, 
UPM expects the UPM Paso de los Toros mill to produce more than its current nominal capacity. 
Advanced materials 
Global consumer megatrends are driving demand for appealing, functional, sustainable, safe labelling and packaging 
solutions. UPM continues to expand in the specialty paper and self-adhesive label materials segments with a focus on 
expanding customer reach, and on continuously developing the product portfolio. UPM believes that UPM's strong position 
and innovations in these technically demanding and fast-growing niche segments of the packaging value chain provide 
attractive growth opportunities. The fundamental drivers of demand are robust, and growth is expected to exceed GDP 
growth over time. 
UPM Raflatac is taking actions to be in the best position to capture growth opportunities. These actions include simplifying 
the organisation and reducing fixed and variable costs. UPM Raflatac has strengthened its position in the attractive graphics 
solutions business with the acquisitions of German AMC AG in 2022, Belgium-based Grafityp in 2024 and UK based 
Metamark in February 2025. UPM will continue to explore targeted mergers and acquisition opportunities to further 
strengthen its presence.

--- Page 112 ---
10306062790-v3 
110 
70-41087919 
 
UPM Specialty Papers aims to enhance the performance of fibre-based packaging and enable brand owners and converters 
to make the transition to fibre-based packaging as the demand for sustainable packaging continues to grow. In food 
packaging, barrier protection ensures food reaches the consumer in perfect condition. Traditionally, plastic packaging has 
been used to provide this protection. Packaging requirements vary, depending on the characteristics of the food, the 
surrounding climate conditions, the size and format of the package and logistics route. UPM Specialty Papers’ barrier paper 
portfolio is well-suited for these types of end-uses.  
Decarbonisation solutions 
Decarbonisation solutions offer innovative and sustainable options to meet the urgent need to decarbonise society. With 
the launch of the biochemicals business, the preparations for expanding the biofuels business and by capturing the value of 
the energy market transformation, UPM is addressing key sectors that are critical for decarbonisation. UPM has been 
developing technologies to produce sustainable alternatives for fossil fuels and fossil-based chemicals. New large value 
creation opportunities may open by decarbonising traffic and aviation and providing consumers with more sustainable 
products. Access to sustainable feedstocks, proprietary technology concepts and high-quality, high-impact products are 
expected to provide a lasting competitive advantage. 
Minimising the use of fossil fuels is the most important way to mitigate climate change. UPM will contribute to the 
decarbonisation of the electricity system by increasing the supply of reliable and renewable CO2-free electricity. Demand 
for electricity is expected to grow significantly in the coming years, driven by the electrification of heating, traffic, the 
industry’s green transition, and the digitalisation and artificial intelligence that will require more data centres. 
UPM Energy is a reliable generator of carbon free electricity to support the electrification of society, contributing to 
Finland’s electricity self-sufficiency and opening opportunities in the green transition. With 12 TWh of CO2-free 
generation, UPM is well positioned to capture a fair share of the growing demand for reliable CO2-free electricity. UPM 
will continue to optimise its production and maximise value creation in the electricity market. 
UPM Biochemicals has built a next-generation industrial scale biochemical refinery in Leuna, Germany. The 
commissioning and start-up phase was initiated in late 2024, the integrated commercial production is expected to start in 
the second half of 2025 and biorefinery is expected to reach full production in 2027. The biorefinery will convert solid 
wood into next generation biochemicals and will produce a range of 100 per cent. wood-based biochemicals, the main 
products being bio-monoethylene glycol (BioMEG), bio-monopropylene glycol (BioMPG) and renewable functional 
fillers, with a total annual capacity of approximately 220,000 tonnes. Application areas for bio-monoethylene glycol 
includes textiles, polyethylene terephthalate bottles, packaging, and de-icing fluids. Lignin-based renewable functional 
fillers significantly reduce the CO2 footprint and weight of rubber and plastic applications as a sustainable alternative to 
carbon black and silica. Bio-monopropylene glycol is used for example in composites, cosmetics, detergents and the 
pharmaceuticals industry. UPM Biochemicals will open entirely new markets for UPM, with expected growth potential for 
the future. UPM expects that a combination of sustainable wood supply, unique technology concept, integration into 
existing infrastructure at Leuna as well as the proximity to customers would ensure competitiveness of operations.  
In January 2021, UPM started the basic engineering phase of a next generation biofuels refinery. The planning for the 
potential biorefinery in Rotterdam, in The Netherlands, is based on annual capacity of up to 500,000 tonnes of high-quality 
renewable fuels including advanced biofuels and possibly sustainable jet fuels as well as renewable chemicals. The products 
would significantly reduce the carbon footprint of road transportation and aviation, as well as replace fossil raw materials 
with renewable alternatives in chemicals and bioplastics. 
The design for the potential biorefinery has progressed, and a major part of the basic engineering is complete. The chosen 
technology has been validated at a demonstration scale. Before the potential investment decision, the focus will be on 
testing the novel, proprietary technology at a larger scale and on flexible feedstock options that will ensure differentiation 
and support the long-term competitiveness of the business case. This work is expected to take approximately two years, 
until 2026. If all preparations are concluded successfully, UPM will initiate its standard procedure of analysing and 
preparing an investment decision.  
Sustainability and UPM's Sustainability Targets 
UPM's strategy guides UPM in achieving its sustainability targets that at the same time contribute to many of the SDGs set 
by the United Nations ("UN"). As a longstanding member of the UN Global Compact initiative, UPM complies with the 
ten universal principles regarding human rights, labour standards, the environment and anti-corruption. 
Forests, wood-based products and low-carbon energy have a significant role both in mitigating the effects of climate change 
and in the company strategy. In 2021, UPM joined The Climate Pledge, committed to reaching the targets of the Paris 
Agreement ten years in advance.

--- Page 113 ---
10306062790-v3 
111 
70-41087919 
 
UPM's sustainability focus areas are divided into economic, environmental and social responsibility. For each focus area, 
UPM has determined the respective targets and key performance indicators. The focus areas, as well as the targets, are 
updated annually. UPM's sustainability reporting is integrated into its annual report. 
In addition to profit, UPM’s economic targets for 2030 cover governance and responsible sourcing. Related key 
performance indicators to the targets are for example participation in governance training and -30% Scope 3 CO2 emission 
reduction targets.  
UPM’s environmental targets for 2030 cover forestry, biodiversity, climate, water, waste and product stewardship. 
Examples of key performance indicators related to the targets are for example share of certified fibre, positive impact on 
forest biodiversity and developing a monitoring system, -65% Scope 1 and 2 CO2  emission reduction targets, wastewater 
volume reduction, reducing the amount of process waste and developing new products and services with contribution to 
SDGs. 
UPM’s social responsibility targets for 2030 cover continuous learning and development, responsible leadership, diversity 
and inclusion, fair rewarding, safe and healthy working environment and community involvement. Examples of key 
performance indicators related to the targets are for example holding goal setting discussion and having personal 
development plans for all employees, employee engagement, increasing female representation in professional and 
managerial roles, gender pay equality, reducing injury frequency, supporting learning and education initiatives in various 
UPM mill communities. 
Financial Targets 
UPM has, as part of its overall business strategy, set itself the following long-term financial targets: 
● 
At the Group level, UPM is targeting comparable year-on year EBIT growth. 
● 
UPM aims for at least 10 per cent. return on equity ("ROE") each year. ROE also takes into account the financing, 
taxation and capital structure of the Group. 
● 
UPM aims to maintain a strong balance sheet. UPM's financial policy on leverage is based on a net debt/EBITDA 
ratio of approximately 2 or less. 
● 
UPM has set long-term return on capital employed ("ROCE") percentage targets for all business areas, except for 
UPM Communication Papers, where the long-term target is set as free cash flow after investing activities and 
restructuring costs over capital employed. The long-term ROCE percentage targets are 6 per cent for UPM Energy, 
14 per cent for UPM Fibres and UPM Specialty Papers, 18 per cent for UPM Plywood and 20 per cent for UPM 
Raflatac. The free cash flow over capital employed target for UPM Communication Papers is 14 per cent. 
These financial targets are not guarantees of future financial performance. UPM's actual results of operations could 
differ materially from those expressed or implied by these targets as a result of many factors, including, but not limited 
to, those described in the section "Risk Factors". Any targets discussed herein are targets only and are not, and should 
not be viewed as, forecasts, projections, estimates or views of UPM's future performance. 
Trends 
UPM believes that global megatrends present many long-term opportunities and challenges for UPM in the future. They 
also drive demand for sustainable material solutions and responsible business practices. UPM has identified the following 
three megatrends, including factors that will be of significance to UPM going forward: 
Growing middle class: 
● 
global consumer demand for a wide variety of products, such as daily consumer products, is set to grow 
significantly, especially in Asia; 
● 
increasing global demand raises the importance of providing sustainable solutions for consumers; 
● 
reducing use of fossil fuels and other non-renewable materials; and 
● 
contributing positively to society. 
Resource scarcity: 
●  
customers and consumers seek renewable and recyclable solutions; 
● 
competitive forest industry platform and access to sustainable feedstock enable business success;

--- Page 114 ---
10306062790-v3 
112 
70-41087919 
 
● 
sustainable land use; and 
● 
efficient use of resources, a circular bioeconomy. 
Climate change: 
● 
forests as well as wood-based climate-positive products have a unique role in climate change mitigation; 
● 
business opportunities by decarbonisation of traffic and energy; and 
● 
transition to low-carbon economy. 
Legal Structure 
UPM-Kymmene Corporation is the parent company of the Group. The Issuer's operations are partly conducted through 
subsidiaries. Accordingly, the Issuer is, and will be, dependent on its subsidiaries' operations to service its payment 
obligations in respect of the Notes. For a table of the Company's principal subsidiaries and joint operations, see note 8.2 to 
the Company's consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024 incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus. 
Asset Base 
UPM's assets primarily relate to its production facilities, forest assets and energy shareholdings. The value of UPM's 
machinery and equipment, buildings, land and water areas, construction in progress and other tangible assets amounted to 
EUR 7,085 million as at 31 December 2024. 
UPM is both a major forest owner and a purchaser of wood. Currently, UPM owns forest land in Finland and the United 
States, and plantation land in Uruguay. As at 31 December 2024, UPM owned 522,000 hectares of forest land in Finland, 
making it one of the largest private owners of forest land in Finland, and 76,000 hectares of forest land in the United States, 
318,000 hectares of own eucalyptus plantation land, grassland and conservation areas and 174,000 hectares of leased 
plantation land in Uruguay. 
In addition, UPM is both a significant purchaser and producer of energy. The majority of electrical and thermal energy is 
consumed in UPM's pulp and paper production. The production of energy is mainly carried out by energy companies in 
which UPM has energy shareholdings. UPM's largest energy shareholdings are in (i) Pohjolan Voima Oyj (“PVO”) (share 
series A, B and B2), which is the majority shareholder of Teollisuuden Voima Oyj (“TVO”): (ii) Kemijoki Oyj and (iii) 
Länsi-Suomen Voima Oy. The energy companies supply energy or both energy and heat to their shareholders on a cost-
price principle, also referred to as the Mankala-principle, which is widely applied in the Finnish energy industry. Under 
the Mankala-principle, energy and/or heat is supplied to the shareholders in proportion to their ownership and each 
shareholder is, pursuant to the specific stipulations of the respective Articles of Association, severally responsible for its 
respective share of the production costs of the energy company concerned. 
UPM’s indirect share of TVO and the three nuclear power plants at the Olkiluoto site is approximately 32 per cent. (through 
PVO). TVO has completed the construction of the third nuclear power plant unit, OL3 EPR, at the Olkiluoto site (“OL3”). 
After significant delays, the plant was connected to the national grid in March 2022 and the commercial operations started 
on 1 May 2023. OL3 supplies electricity to its shareholders pursuant to the Mankala-principle and has significantly 
increased UPM’s electricity generation capacity to 1,951 MW.  
According to TVO, OL3 was procured as a fixed price turnkey project from a consortium formed by Areva GmbH, Areva 
NP SAS and Siemens AG (together, the “Supplier”). As stipulated in the plant contract, the consortium companies have 
joint and several liability for the contractual obligations. Originally, the commercial electricity production of the OL3 was 
scheduled to start in April 2009, however, the completion of the project was significantly delayed on multiple occasions. 
TVO and the Supplier signed a Global Settlement Agreement in March 2018 and an amendment in June 2021 (“GSA”) 
concerning the completion of the OL3 project and related disputes. In the GSA, the Supplier consortium companies 
committed to ensuring that the funds dedicated to the completion of the OL3 project are sufficient and cover all applicable 
guarantee periods. Consequently, a trust mechanism was set up funded by Areva companies to secure the funds required 
to cover Areva’s costs for the completion of the OL3 project.

--- Page 115 ---
10306062790-v3 
113 
70-41087919 
 
Maturity Profile and Credit Facilities 
The following chart sets forth the maturity profile and nominal values of UPM's outstanding debt and credit facilities as at 
31 December 2024:  
 
UPM had EUR 2,310 million of liquidity reserves at 31 December 2024. This consists of the following committed credit 
facilities: a sustainability-linked EUR 750 million syndicated revolving credit facility maturing in 2027, sustainability-
linked bilateral credit facilities of which EUR 100 million is maturing in 2026, EUR 100 million is maturing in 2027 and 
EUR 200 million is maturing in 2029, a EUR 1,000 million syndicated revolving credit facility maturing in 2027 and a 
EUR 160 million equivalent rolling overdraft facility maturing in 2026. 
Insurance 
UPM believes that UPM and its subsidiaries maintain insurance coverage that reflects the requirements and the size of the 
parent company, business areas and subsidiaries concerned. Historically, UPM has maintained insurance in amounts and 
risk retention levels that UPM believes to be consistent with industry practices. UPM seeks to transfer insurable risks 
through insurance arrangements for any risks that exceed the defined tolerance. UPM's insurance programme also provides 
coverage for insurable hazard risks, subject to insurance terms and conditions. UPM also has trade credit insurances to 
protect accounts receivables from significant credit losses.  
Research and Development 
UPM believes that replacement of fossil-based materials with bio-based alternatives presents major opportunities for value 
creation. Developing products, services and processes is key to improving resource efficiency, sustainability and 
competitiveness. UPM develops new technologies and innovates ways to expand its offering with renewable products and 
material solutions that can replace fossil-based materials. Research and development, bioeconomy innovations and new 
technologies support this transition and broaden UPM's business portfolio. UPM is developing innovative and high-quality 
products from wood-based biomass. Wood fibre, biomolecules, residues and side streams are becoming increasingly 
important raw materials of the future.  
Research and development expenses cover the development of new technologies, businesses and processes. A global 
network of research centres provides support for UPM's activities in research and development, both in new and existing 
businesses. For the years ended 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023, UPM spent EUR  488 million, or 36.1 per cent. 
of UPM's operating cash flow, and EUR 538 million, or 23.7 per cent. of UPM's operating cash flow, respectively, on 
research and development. In addition to direct research and development expenditure of EUR 70 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2024 (compared to EUR 66 million for the year ended 31 December 2023), the figure includes negative 
operating cash flow and capital expenditure in developing businesses, transformative business prospects and digitalisation 
projects. 
0
500
1,000
1,500
2,000
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36+
EURm
Unused committed credit facilities (EUR 2310m)
Leases (EUR 832m)
Bonds (EUR 2711m)
Loans (EUR 320m)

--- Page 116 ---
10306062790-v3 
114 
70-41087919 
 
Compliance 
The UPM Code of Conduct sets the standards of responsible behaviour and it covers topics relating to legal compliance 
and disclosure, anti-corruption, competition law, HR practices, human rights, responsible sourcing and environmental 
matters. UPM’s environmental performance and social responsibility play a significant role in UPM’s ability to operate 
and influence the long-term success of its businesses.  
Employees 
UPM believes that its people and their capabilities, integrity and drive set UPM apart and drive its success. As at 
31 December 2024, UPM had 15,827 employees in 43 countries (as at 31 December 2023, 16,573 employees in 
43 countries). 
The following table sets forth UPM's employees by region as at 31 December 2024: 
 
As at 31 
December 2024 
Region 
 
Finland .......................................................................................................................................................................  
6,222 
Germany ....................................................................................................................................................................  
3,390 
Other Europe ..............................................................................................................................................................  
2,488 
China ..........................................................................................................................................................................  
1,513 
Other Asia ..................................................................................................................................................................  
331 
North America ...........................................................................................................................................................  
891 
Uruguay .....................................................................................................................................................................  
874 
Rest of the world ........................................................................................................................................................  
118 
Total ..........................................................................................................................................................................  
15,827 
 
A significant portion of UPM's employees are represented by labour unions in the countries in which UPM operates.  
Legal Proceedings 
General 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any proceedings which are pending or threatened 
of which the Company is aware) which may have, or have had during the past 12 months, a significant effect on the 
Company's or the Group's financial position or profitability.

--- Page 117 ---
10306062790-v3 
115 
70-41087919 
 
Ownership Structure 
The following table sets forth the Company's ten largest shareholders as at 28 February 2025: 
 
 
Shares 
Share  
of votes 
 
 
(per cent.) 
Name 
 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken Ab (publ) Helsinki Branch(1) ............................................................  
281, 151, 544  
52.68 
Citibank Europe Plc(1) ..........................................................................................................................  
36,344,581 
6,81 
Clearstream Banking S.A.(1).................................................................................................................  
14,291,965 
2.68 
Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company ........................................................................................  
12,999,564 
2.44 
Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company ...................................................................................  
12,983,000 
2.43 
Elo Mutual Pension Insurance Company .............................................................................................  
5,979,000 
1.12 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV(1)  ...................................................................................................................  
5,436,799 
1.02 
The State Pension Fund  ......................................................................................................................  
Nordea Bank Abp ................................................................................................................................  
4,000,000 
2,518,647 
0.75 
0.47 
OP-Finland ...........................................................................................................................................  
1,954,336 
0.37 
Other nominee-registered shareholders ................................................................................................  
3,328,263 
0.62 
Other shareholders ...............................................................................................................................  
152,748,000 
28.62 
Total ....................................................................................................................................................  
533,735,699 
100.00 
 
___________ 
Source: 
Euroclear Finland Ltd. 
(1) 
Nominee-registered shareholders.

--- Page 118 ---
10306062790-v3 
116 
70-41087919 
 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GROUP EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT 
General 
Under the Finnish Companies Act and the Company's Articles of Association, the Company's control and governance is 
divided among the shareholders represented at the general meetings of shareholders, the Board of Directors and the 
President and Chief Executive Officer (the "CEO"). The CEO leads the Company's day-to-day operations in accordance 
with the instructions and orders given by the Board of Directors. In addition, the Company has a Group Executive Team, 
which assists the CEO in the daily management of the Company and approves and executes group-level guidelines and 
procedures. The Board of Directors is responsible for the oversight and control of UPM and for ensuring that its 
administration and operations as well as control of its accounts and finances are duly in place. The Board of Directors 
approves the Company's financial statements and other financial reports, determines the company's dividend policy and 
makes a proposal to the annual general meeting of shareholders of the Company (the "Annual General Meeting") for the 
distribution of profits and payment of any dividend. The Board of Directors appoints and dismisses the CEO and appoints 
the members of the Group Executive Team. 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors and the Group Executive Team is Alvar Aallon katu 1, 
FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland. 
Board of Directors 
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors of the Company is composed of nine members elected by the 
Annual General Meeting held on 4 April 2024 for a one-year term, which will end at the conclusion of the next Annual 
General Meeting to be held on 27 March 2025. 
The following table sets forth the members of the Company's Board of Directors as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
Position 
Citizenship 
Year of 
birth 
Henrik Ehrnrooth ........................................................................... 
Chair 
Finnish 
1969 
Kim Wahl ...................................................................................... 
Deputy Chair 
Norwegian 
1960 
Pia Aaltonen-Forsell ...................................................................... 
Member 
Finnish 
1974 
Jari Gustafsson ............................................................................... 
Member 
Finnish 
1958 
Piia-Noora Kauppi ......................................................................... 
Member 
Finnish 
1975 
Melanie Maas-Brunner…………………………………………… 
Member 
German 
1968 
Topi Manner .................................................................................. 
Member 
Finnish 
1974 
Marjan Oudeman ........................................................................... 
Member 
Dutch 
1958 
Martin à Porta ................................................................................ 
Member 
Swiss 
1970 
 
Henrik Ehrnrooth has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Company since 2015 and the Chair of the Board of 
Directors since 2023. Mr. Ehrnrooth is a member of the European Round Table for Industry (ERT) and the Chair of the 
Board of SIBS Modular AB. He was the CEO of KONE Corporation between 2014 and 2023, an Executive Advisor of 
KONE Corporation between January–March 2024, and the CFO and Executive Board member of KONE Corporation 
between 2009 and 2014. He also held various positions in the Investment Banking Division of Goldman Sachs International 
between 1998 and 2009 and in UBS Limited, Corporate Finance between 1994 and 1998. Mr. Ehrnrooth holds a Master of 
Science degree in Economics. 
Kim Wahl has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Company since 2012 and the Deputy Chair of the Board of 
Directors since 2023. Mr. Wahl is also the Chair of the Board of Directors of Strømstangen AS, a member of the Board of 
Directors of DNB Bank ASA and Civita AS and Chair of the Board of Directors of Voxtra AS and Voxtra Foundation. 
Mr. Wahl was Deputy Chair and Co-founder of the European private equity firm IK Investment Partners between 1989 and 
2009 and an Associate, Corporate Finance, Goldman Sachs & Co. between 1987 and 1989. Mr. Wahl holds an MBA degree 
and a Bachelor of Arts degree in Business Economics. 
Pia Aaltonen-Forsell has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Company since 2023. Ms. Aaltonen-Forsell is 
also the Chief Financial Officer of Northvolt AB since August 2024. Ms. Aaltonen-Forsell has also been the Chief Financial 
Officer of Outokumpu Oyj and member of Outokumpu Leadership team between 2019 and 2024. Previously Ms. Aaltonen-
Forsell has also worked as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Ahlström-Munksjö Oyj between 2015 
and 2019, Chief Financial Officer of Vacon Ltd between 2013 and 2015, and in various Senior Vice President, Group 
Controller and other finance and managerial positions at Stora Enso Oyj between 2000 and 2013. Ms. Aaltonen-Forsell 
holds a Master’s degree in Social Science (Economics) from University of Helsinki and a Master’s degree in Business and 
Administration (MBA) from University of Reading, Henley Business School. 
Jari Gustafsson has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2021. Mr. Gustafsson is also a Partner of AlterInvest 
since September 2024. Mr. Gustafsson was also the Ambassador of Finland to Greece and Albania between 2020-2024.

--- Page 119 ---
10306062790-v3 
117 
70-41087919 
 
Mr. Gustafsson was the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Economic Affairs and Employment of Finland between 
2015 and 2020, the Ambassador of Finland to the People's Republic of China and Mongolia between 2013 and 2015 and 
the Ambassador of Finland to Japan between 2009 and 2013, a Board Member at the European Bank for Reconstruction 
and Development between 2007 and 2009 and the Deputy Director General, Ministry for Foreign Affairs of Finland, 
Department for External Economic Relations, between 2003 and 2006. Mr. Gustafsson holds a Master's degree in Political 
Science from the University of Helsinki. 
Piia-Noora Kauppi has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Company since 2013. Ms. Kauppi is also a partner 
of Odgers Berndtson Oy, non-executive Director in Gofore Plc and Chair of the Board of Directors of the SOS-Children's 
Villages Foundation. Ms. Kauppi was also the Managing Director of Finance Finland (FFI) between 2009 and 2022, a 
member of the European Parliament and a member of various parliamentary committees between 1999 and 2008, Head of 
the Finnish Delegation in the EPP-ED Group between 2004 and 2008 and Legal Advisor for the Parliamentary Group of 
the National Coalition Party Kokoomus between 1997 and 1999. Ms. Kauppi holds a Master of Laws degree. 
Melanie Maas-Brunner has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Company since 2024. Ms. Maas-Brunner is 
also a non-executive Director in Azelis Group NV. Ms. Maas-Brunner was also Chief Technology Officer and Industrial 
Relations Director of BASF SE and member of the Executive Directors Board of BASF between 2021 and 2024. Ms. Maas-
Brunner was also the President of Nutrition and Health at BASF SE between 2017 and 2020, Senior Vice President of 
Performance Materials Europe at BASF SE between 2014 and 2017, Senior Vice President of Engineering Plastics Europe 
at BASF SE in 2013, Senior Vice President of Polyurethanes Asia Pacific at BASF East Asia Headquarters in Hong Kong 
between 2009 and 2012 and in various Vice President, Plant Manager and Research Scientist positions at BASF AG 
between 1997 and 2008. Ms. Maas-Brunner holds a Doctor of Philosophy degree in Chemistry. 
Topi Manner has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Company since 2022. Mr. Manner is also the President 
and CEO of Elisa Corporation since 2024 and a Board member of Service Sector Employers PALTA. Mr. Manner was 
also the President and CEO of Finnair Plc between 2019 and 2024 and a member of the Board of Directors of Elisa 
Corporation between 2020 and 2023. Previously, Mr. Manner was a member of the Nordea Group's Executive Management 
and Head of Personal Banking between 2016 and 2018 and in various executive roles at Nordea between 2006 and 2016. 
Mr. Manner holds a Master's degree in Economics and Business Administration. 
Marjan Oudeman has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Company since 2018. Ms. Oudeman is also a member 
of the Board of Directors of SHV Holdings NV, a member of the Board of Directors of Solvay SA and a member of the 
Supervisory Board of Directors of KLM (Koninklijke Luchtvaart Maatschappij N.V.). Ms. Oudeman was the President of 
the Executive Board of Utrecht University between 2013 and 2017, Executive Committee member of AkzoNobel NV 
between 2011 and 2013, Executive Director of the Strip Products Division and Executive Committee member at Tata Steel 
Europe between 2007 and 2010. She also held Managing Director positions at Corus Group Plc between 2000 and 2007 
and various positions at Hoogovens Group NV between 1982 and 1999, most recently as Managing Director of Hoogovens 
Packaging Steel business. Ms. Oudeman holds an MBA degree and a Master of Laws degree. 
Martin à Porta has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Company since 2020. Mr. à Porta is also a non-executive 
Director in BKW AG and Stantec Inc. Mr. à Porta was EVP of ÅF Pöyry AB's Management Consulting Division until 
2019, President and CEO of Pöyry PLC between 2015 and 2019, CEO of Siemens Building Technologies Division Europe 
between 2012 and 2015, CEO of Siemens WLL in Qatar between 2010 and 2012, Senior Vice President, Fire Safety 
Solutions and Service and Head of Area Management Fire Safety at Siemens Building Technologies International between 
2005 and 2010, Vice President, Area Manager for Siemens Fire Safety in Hong Kong and China between 2003 and 2004, 
Manager, Strategy and M&A at Siemens Building Technologies Ltd. between 2001 and 2003 and Head of Engineering 
Section and project manager at Electrowatt Engineering Ltd. between 1996 and 2000. Mr. à Porta holds a Master of Science 
degree in Engineering.  
Proposed Board of Directors 
On 5 February 2025, the Board of Directors' Nomination and Governance Committee proposed to the Annual General 
Meeting planned to be held on 27 March 2025 that, of the current members of the Board of Directors, Henrik Ehrnrooth, 
Pia Aaltonen-Forsell, Jari Gustafsson, Piia-Noora Kauppi, Melanie Maas-Brunner, Topi Manner, Marjan Oudeman, Martin 
à Porta and Kim Wahl be re-elected members of the Board of Directors until the end of the Annual General Meeting of 
2026.  
Director Independence and Conflicts 
The independence of the members of the Board of Directors is evaluated in accordance with Recommendation 10 of the 
Finnish Corporate Governance Code 2025. According to the recommendation, a significant shareholder is a shareholder 
that holds at least 10 per cent. of all company shares or the votes carried by all the shares or a shareholder that has the right 
or the obligation to acquire the corresponding number of already issued shares. According to the evaluation carried out, all

--- Page 120 ---
10306062790-v3 
118 
70-41087919 
 
members of the Board of Directors are independent of the Company's significant shareholders as none of the Company's 
shareholders holds 10 per cent. or more of the Company's shares or votes carried by all the shares.  
The Board of Directors has assessed the director nominees’ independence based on the Finnish Corporate Governance 
Code’s independence criteria and other factors and circumstances to be taken into account in the overall evaluation and 
concluded that all director nominees are independent of the Company’s significant shareholders, and that all director 
nominees are non-executive and independent of the Company. Henrik Ehrnrooth, Kim Wahl and Piia-Noora Kauppi, if re-
elected, would be non-executive directors for 10 consecutive years or more. However, their independence is not 
compromised due to their service history, and no other factors or circumstances have been identified that could impair their 
independence. Mr. Ehrnrooth has been a member of the Company’s Board of directors since 2015, Mr. Wahl since 2012 
and Ms Kauppi since 2013.  
Board Committees 
UPM's Board of Directors have established three committees, the Audit Committee, the Nomination and Governance 
Committee and the Remuneration Committee. The Board of Directors appoints the members of the committees and their 
Chairs annually. Each committee must have at least three members. 
The committees hold their meetings prior to certain meetings of the Board of Directors in order to prepare matters for the 
Board of Directors' decision-making. In the meeting of the Board of Directors following the committee meetings, the 
Committee Chairs report to the Board of Directors on matters discussed and actions taken by the committees. The 
committees do not have any independent decision-making power. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee reviews the Company's quarterly financial results and interim reports, as well as statutory 
sustainability reports, and recommends their approval to the Board of Directors. The committee's results review includes a 
review of potential significant and unusual transactions, accounting estimates and policies for the period in question. The 
Audit Committee oversees that risk management activities are aligned with the Risk Management Policy, and that risk 
assessments are used to guide internal audit and compliance activities. The committee also reviews quarterly reports on 
assurance and legal matters including status reports on internal control, internal audit, litigation, and other legal 
proceedings. Other quarterly reports include treasury risk and limits reports and energy risk reports. The Audit Committee 
is also responsible for preparing a proposal for the election and remuneration of the auditor and the assurer of the 
Company’s statutory sustainability reports. 
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the members of the Audit Committee are Pia Aaltonen-Forsell, Jari Gustafsson and 
Marjan Oudeman. 
Nomination and Governance Committee 
The Nomination and Governance Committee identifies individuals qualified to serve as directors and prepares proposals 
to the general meeting of shareholders for election or re-election of directors and for their remuneration. When necessary, 
the committee also identifies individuals qualified to serve as the CEO and prepares proposals to the Board of Directors 
for the appointment of the CEO and the CEO’s service agreement. 
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the members of the Nomination and Governance Committee are Henrik Ehrnrooth, 
Piia-Noora Kauppi and Kim Wahl. 
Remuneration Committee 
The Remuneration Committee's duties and responsibilities are related to the remuneration of the CEO and senior executives 
reporting directly to the CEO, succession planning of the executives reporting directly to the CEO, and to the evaluation, 
planning and preparation of UPM's incentive schemes and annually commencing plans. The Remuneration Committee 
follows the remuneration market trends at regular intervals and reviews the various components of the management 
remuneration annually. The review includes benchmarking the different remuneration components to market practices in 
corresponding positions in peer companies. Based on this review, the committee makes recommendations to the Board of 
Directors for the approval of salaries and benefits of the CEO and other senior executives. 
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the members of the Remuneration Committee are Martin à Porta, Melanie Maas-
Brunner and Topi Manner.

--- Page 121 ---
10306062790-v3 
119 
70-41087919 
 
Group Executive Team 
The following table sets forth the members of UPM's Group Executive Team as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
Position 
Citizenship 
Year of 
birth 
Massimo Reynaudo .............................  
President and CEO 
Italian 
1969 
Tapio Korpeinen .................................  
Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, UPM 
Energy 
Finnish 
1963 
Harald Dialer ......................................  
Executive Vice President, Technology and UPM 
Biorefining 
German and 
Austrian 
1970 
Gunnar Eberhardt ................................  
Executive Vice President, UPM Communication Papers 
German 
1977 
Mika Kekki .........................................  
Executive Vice President, UPM Specialty Papers 
Finnish 
1969 
Tim Kirchen 
Executive Vice President, UPM Raflatac 
US and 
German 
1980 
Juha Mäkelä ........................................  
General Counsel 
Finnish 
1962 
Susanna Rinne ....................................  
Interim Executive Vice President, UPM Plywood 
Finnish 
1970 
Riitta Savonlahti .................................  
Executive Vice President, Human Resources 
Finnish 
1964 
Kari Ståhlberg .....................................  
Executive Vice President, Strategy 
Finnish 
1971 
Saara Tahvanainen 
Executive Vice President, Marketing, Sustainability and 
Communications 
Finnish 
1974 
Aki Temmes........................................  
Executive Vice President, UPM Fibres 
Finnish 
1977 
 
Massimo Reynaudo has been the President and CEO of the Company since 1 January 2024 and a member of the Group 
Executive Team since 2021. Between 2021 and 2023 Mr. Reynaudo was the Executive Vice President, UPM 
Communication Papers. Mr. Reynaudo has also been a Senior Vice President, UPM Raflatac between 2017 and 2021, and 
held several senior business positions in Kimberly-Clark Corporation between 1995 and 2017. Mr. Reynaudo holds a 
Master of Science degree in Engineering. 
Tapio Korpeinen has been the Chief Financial Officer since 2010 and the Executive Vice President, UPM Energy and a 
member of the Group Executive Team since 2008. Mr. Korpeinen is also the Chair of the Board of Directors of Pohjolan 
Voima Oy, Chair of the Board of Finnish Forest Industries (FFI), a member of the Board of Directors of Teollisuuden 
Voima Oyj and a member of the Supervisory Board of Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company. Mr. Korpeinen was 
President, Energy and Pulp Business Group between 2008 and 2010, Vice President, Corporate Development and Senior 
Vice President, Strategy between 2005 and 2008. He also held several management positions at Jaakko Pöyry Consulting 
between 1991 and 1998 and between 1999 and 2005, worked at A.T. Kearney between 1998 and 1999 and at McKinsey & 
Company between 1988 and 1990. Mr. Korpeinen holds an MBA degree and a Master of Science degree in Technology. 
Harald Dialer has been the member of the Group Executive Team and the Executive Vice President, Technology and UPM 
Biorefining since January 2025. Mr. Dialer was Managing Director and Chief Commercial Officer at HCS Group between 
2020 and 2024, Vice President Business Unit Catalysts at Clariant between 2012 and 2016, and Head of Clariant Excellence 
between 2017 and 2020. Between 2004 and 2012 Mr. Dialer held various positions in global sales, marketing, and business 
units at Süd-Chemie. Mr. Dialer was also Technical Director, Scientific Design Co. Inc., between 2007 and 2009 and 
research chemist in BASF. Mr. Dialer holds a Ph.D. in chemistry. 
Gunnar Eberhardt has been the member of the Group Executive Team and the Executive Vice President, UPM 
Communication Papers since 2024. Mr. Eberhardt was Vice President, Adhesive Automotive OEM Business of Henkel 
AG & Co. KGaA between 2022 and 2024. Between 2002 and 2022 he led several sales, marketing, business unit and region 
head positions of Henkel AG & Co. KGaA and OSRAM. Mr. Eberhardt holds a Master of Science degree in Engineering 
and Executive Master's degree in Innovation and Technology Management. 
Mika Kekki has been a member of the Group Executive Team since 2021 and the Executive Vice President, UPM Specialty 
Papers since January 2025. Mr. Kekki was the Executive Vice President, UPM Plywood between 2021 and 2024. Mr. 
Kekki is a member of the Board of Directors of the Federation of the Finnish Woodworking Industries and member of the 
Board of Directors of the East Office of Finnish Industries Oy. Mr. Kekki was Vice President, Productions & Operations, 
UPM Plywood between 2013 and 2021, Director Spruce Mills & Operations, UPM Plywood between 2011 and 2013, and 
Mill Manager, UPM Plywood between 2007 and 2011. Mr. Kekki holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering. 
Tim Kirchen has been a member of the Group Executive Team and the Executive Vice President, UPM Raflatac since 
2024. Mr. Kirchen was Senior Vice President, Americas Region at UPM Raflatac between 2018 and 2024, Vice President 
Sales and Business Development North America at SIG Combibloc between 2013 and 2018. Mr. Kirchen also held various 
management positions at SIG Combibloc between 2006 and 2013. Mr. Kirchen holds a Diplom Business Administration 
(FH), MBA and General Management Program (Harvard Business School).

--- Page 122 ---
10306062790-v3 
120 
70-41087919 
 
Juha Mäkelä has been a member of the Group Executive Team since 2008 and the Group General Counsel since 2005. Mr. 
Mäkelä is also a member of the Supervisory Board of Kemijoki Oy. Mr. Mäkelä held positions as legal counsel and senior 
legal counsel at KONE Corporation between 1997 and 2004 and several positions in law firms between 1991 and 1996. 
Mr. Mäkelä holds a Master of Laws degree. 
Susanna Rinne has been a member of the Group Executive Team and the interim Executive Vice President, UPM Plywood 
since January 2025. Ms. Rinne is a member of the Board of Directors of Lahti Industrial Association. Ms. Rinne was also 
Vice President, Strategy & Business Development at UPM Plywood between 2016 and 2024, Director, Marketing and 
Sales Development at UPM Plywood between 2014 and 2016. Ms. Rinne also held various managerial positions at UPM 
Plywood and UPM-Kymmene Corporation between 1995 and 2014. Ms. Rinne holds a Master of Science degree in 
Engineering. 
Riitta Savonlahti has been a member of the Group Executive Team and the Executive Vice President, Human Resources 
since 2004. Ms. Savonlahti is also a member of the Supervisory Board of Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company 
and a member of the nomination committee of Finland’s Unicef association. Ms. Savonlahti was Senior Vice President, 
Human Resources at Elcoteq Network Corporation between 2001 and 2004, Senior Vice President, Human Resources at 
Raisio Group between 2000 and 2001, Human Resources Manager at Nokia Mobile Phones, Salo Operations between 1995 
and 2000 and held human resources positions at ABB between 1990 and 1994. Ms. Savonlahti holds a Master of Science 
degree in Economics. 
Kari Ståhlberg has been a member of the Group Executive Team and the Executive Vice President, Strategy since 2013. 
Mr. Ståhlberg is also the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors of Steveco Oy. Mr. Ståhlberg was Senior Vice President, 
Corporate Strategy between 2010 and 2013, Director, M&A between 2007 and 2010, Investment Manager at Finnish 
Industry Investment Ltd. between 2006 and 2007, M&A Advisor at JP Capital International Limited between 2000 and 
2006 and Management Consultant at Jaakko Pöyry Consulting Oy between 1998 and 2000. Mr. Ståhlberg holds a Master 
of Science degree in Engineering.  
Saara Tahvanainen has been a member of the Group Executive Team and the Executive Vice President, Marketing, 
Sustainability and Communications since 2024. Ms. Tahvanainen was Executive Vice President, Marketing and 
Communications, and a member of the Board of Management at Wärtsilä Corporation between 2023 and 2024, and Vice 
President, Stakeholder Relations at UPM Fibres between 2018 and 2023. Between 2012 and 2017 Ms. Tahvanainen held 
various leadership positions at Outokumpu Corporation. Ms. Tahvanainen was Senior Communications Manager at Nokia 
between 2006 and 2012, and Communications Manager at Fazer between 2004 and 2006. Ms. Tahvanainen holds a Master 
of Science in Social Science. 
Aki Temmes has been a member of the Group Executive Team and the Executive Vice President, UPM Fibres, since 2023. 
Mr. Temmes joined UPM in 2003. Between 2021 and 2023 Mr. Temmes was Senior Vice President, Business Control and 
Finance Operations, between 2019 and 2020 Senior Vice President, UPM Timber, and between 2013 and 2019 Vice 
President, Business Control, UPM Fibres. Between 2003 and 2013 Mr. Temmes held various finance positions at UPM in 
Finland and in France. Aki Temmes holds a Master of Science degree in Accounting and Finance and an Executive MBA. 
Management Independence and Conflicts 
UPM confirms that there is no potential conflict of interest between the duties of each of the members of the Group 
Executive Team and their private interests or other duties. 
Corporate Governance 
In its decision-making management and operations, UPM applies the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006, as amended), the 
Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012, as amended), the regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse and other laws and regulations applicable to publicly listed companies in 
Finland, UPM's Articles of Association, Board and committee charters, corporate policies and guidelines, as well as rules 
and guidelines issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority, the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority and 
the Nasdaq Helsinki exchange. UPM also complies with all the recommendations of the Finnish Corporate Governance 
Code of the Finnish Securities Market Association.

--- Page 123 ---
10306062790-v3 
121 
70-41087919 
 
TAXATION 
The tax laws of the investor's State and of the issuer's State of incorporation might have an impact on the income 
received from the securities. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which 
countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those 
countries. 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete 
analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of 
Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and 
disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences 
of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this 
Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Finnish Taxation  
The following overview is based on the tax laws of Finland as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus, and is subject 
to changes in Finnish law, including changes that could have a retroactive effect. The following overview does not take 
into account or discuss the tax laws of any country other than Finland and does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of 
the Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which 
may be subject to special rules. Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers 
concerning the overall tax consequences of their ownership of the Notes. 
The scope of taxation in Finland is defined by the tax liability position of a taxpayer. Finnish residents for taxation purposes 
are subject to taxation in Finland on their worldwide income. Persons that are not resident in Finland for taxation purposes 
and are not deemed to have a permanent establishment in Finland for Finnish tax purposes are subject to taxation in Finland 
solely in respect of their Finnish source income. In addition, foreign entities with their place of effective management in 
Finland can be deemed as Finnish tax resident corporations. 
Under present Finnish law payments of the principal of and interest (if any) on the Notes will be exempt from all taxes, 
duties, fees and imposts of whatever nature, imposed or levied by or within the Republic of Finland or by any province, 
municipality or other political sub-division or taxing authority thereof and therein, except when the holder of the Note or 
Coupon to which any such payment relates is subject to such taxation thereon by reason of such holders being connected 
with the Republic of Finland otherwise than solely by his holding of such Note or Coupon or the receipt of income 
therefrom. 
Non-residents of Finland are not liable to pay Finnish capital gains tax on Notes that are not connected with a permanent 
establishment or a fixed base in Finland.  
Transfer tax is in general not payable on a transfer of Notes, provided that the interest of the Notes is not related to the 
business income or dividend of the Issuer and the Notes do not entitle the holder to a share of the business profit of the 
Issuer. 
Transfers of Notes by a non-resident by way of a gift or by reason of the death of the owner may be subject to Finnish gift 
or inheritance tax, respectively. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for a Directive for 
a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the 
"participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes (including 
secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be 
exempt.  
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the 
participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least one party is a financial 
institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed 
to be, 'established' in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a 
person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is 
issued in a participating Member State.

--- Page 124 ---
10306062790-v3 
122 
70-41087919 
 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may therefore be altered 
prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 125 ---
10306062790-v3 
123 
70-41087919 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of BNP PARIBAS, Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited, J.P. Morgan SE, and Nordea Bank Abp (the "Dealers"). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to 
time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated dealer 
agreement dated 7 March 2025 (the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. If in the case of 
any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche 
to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final 
Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue 
of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case 
of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that 
Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the 
relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and 
several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to 
the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers has 
also been appointed to act as Stabilisation Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price 
at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable 
or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or 
termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
The relevant Dealers will be entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their obligations in respect 
of a proposed issue of Notes under or pursuant to the Dealer Agreement prior to the closing of the issue of such Notes, 
including in the event that certain conditions precedent are not delivered or met to their satisfaction on or before the issue 
date of such Notes. In this situation, the issuance of such Notes may not be completed. Investors will have no rights against 
the Issuer or the relevant Dealers in respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
United States: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms or neither if 
TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder. The terms of such Notes will identify whether TEFRA C or TEFRA D 
apply, or that TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part 
of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes 
comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such 
Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer or sale of 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition 
of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision the expression 
"retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or

--- Page 126 ---
10306062790-v3 
124 
70-41087919 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", 
in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (a "Relevant State"), each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in that Relevant State:  
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any Relevant 
State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "EU 
Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
United Kingdom 
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition 
of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this 
provision the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes does not include the legend 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of  the 
UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer 
or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 127 ---
10306062790-v3 
125 
70-41087919 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:  
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by 
the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional Securities Laws 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that, it has not offered or sold any Notes or 
caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes 
or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with 
the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an 
accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified 
in Section 275 of the SFA.Switzerland 
Except where explicitly permitted by the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, the Notes may not be publicly 
offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the "FinSA") and no 
application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) 
in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes 
a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating 
to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, 
distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own 
expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the 
Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase,

--- Page 128 ---
10306062790-v3 
126 
70-41087919 
 
offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering 
material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any specific 
jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) in official 
interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the 
obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement or 
modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or modification relevant only to a 
particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 129 ---
10306062790-v3 
127 
70-41087919 
 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
Regulation S Notes 
Each purchaser of Bearer Notes or Registered Notes outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and each subsequent 
purchaser of such Notes in resales prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, by accepting delivery of 
this Base Prospectus and the Notes, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that:  
(i) 
it is, or at the time Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Notes and: 
(a) 
it is not a U.S. person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of Regulation S); 
and  
(b) 
it is not an affiliate of the Issuer or a person acting on behalf of such an affiliate; 
(ii) 
it understands that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and that, prior to 
the expiration of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S), it will not offer, sell, pledge or 
otherwise transfer such Notes except: 
(a) 
in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S; or  
(b) 
to the Issuer;  
in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States; 
(iii) 
it understands that the Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth and 
accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements.

--- Page 130 ---
10306062790-v3 
128 
70-41087919 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 27 October 
2020. The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 8 December 
2025. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Significant/Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or the Group since the 
end of the last financial period for which audited or interim consolidated financial information has been published. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited 
consolidated financial statements. 
Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2023 have been audited without 
qualification by PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy, Authorised Public Accountants, with Authorised Public Accountant (KHT) 
Mikko Nieminen acting as the responsible auditor. The registered address of PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy is Itämerentori 
2, FI-00180 Helsinki, Finland. Mikko Nieminen is registered in the register of auditors in accordance with Chapter 6 
Section 9 in the Finnish Auditing Act (1141/2015, as amended). 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2024 have been audited without 
qualification by Ernst & Young Oy, Authorised Public Accountant Firm, with Authorised Public Accountant Heikki Ilkka 
acting as responsible auditor. The registered address of Ernst & Young Oy is Korkeavuorenkatu 32-34 00130, Helsinki, 
Finland. Heikki Ilkka is registered in the register of auditors in accordance with Chapter 6 section 9 in the Finnish Auditing 
Act (1141/2015, as amended). 
Documents on Display 
Copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof) may be inspected during normal business 
hours at the offices of the Issuer at Alvar Aallon katu 1, FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland or at www.upm.com for the 12 months 
following the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuer (as the same may be updated from time to time);  
(b) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(c) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(d) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); and 
(e) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between the Issuer and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg of Notes in New Global 
Note form).  
This Base Prospectus will be available, in electronic format, on the website of Euronext Dublin (live.euronext.com). 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The appropriate common 
code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the 
relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
Notes Having a Maturity of Less than One Year 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of GBP 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
and be issued only to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold,

--- Page 131 ---
10306062790-v3 
129 
70-41087919 
 
manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other 
circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
Issue Price and Yield 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions 
and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be 
set out in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include 
accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the 
issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest 
payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant issue date on 
an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the 
Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on 
behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market 
risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad 
array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and their affiliates. Certain of the Dealers of their affiliates 
that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer and its affiliates consistent 
with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 213800EC6PW5VU4J9U64. 
Issuer Website 
The Issuer's website is www.upm.com. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on such website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 132 ---
10306062790-v3 
 
70-41087919 
 
ISSUER 
 
UPM-Kymmene Corporation 
Alvar Aallon katu 1 
FI-00100 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
ARRANGER 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
E14 5LB London 
United Kingdom 
 
DEALERS 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup Centre 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
Canada Square 
75009 Paris 
Canary Wharf 
France 
E14 5LB London 
 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Nordea Bank Abp  
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
Satamaradankatu 5 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Germany 
Helsinki 
 
Finland 
 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
6th Floor 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
E14 5LB London 
United Kingdom 
 
PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
6th Floor 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
E14 5LB London 
United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR 
 
Citibank Europe PLC 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland

--- Page 133 ---
10306062790-v3 
 
70-41087919 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer as to English law 
 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP  
One Bishops Square 
 London E1 6AD  
 United Kingdom 
 
To the Issuer as to Finnish law 
 
Borenius Attorneys Ltd 
Eteläesplanadi 2 
00130 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
To the Dealers as to English law 
 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
E14 5JJ London 
United Kingdom 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
 
In respect of the year ended 31 December 2023 
In respect of the year ending 31 December 2024 
 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy 
Ernst & Young Oy 
Itämerentori 2 
Korkeavuorenkatu 32-34 
P.O. Box 1015 
FI-00130, Helsinki 
FI-00101 Helsinki 
Finland 
Finland 
 
 
LISTING AGENT 
 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange 
George's Dock, IFSC 
Dublin 1, D01 W3P9 
Ireland