--- Page 1 ---
10244863972-v23 
- i - 
47-41044430 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
Vår Energi ASA 
(incorporated as a public limited liability company (Nw. allmennaksjeselskap) under the laws of Norway) 
€3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"EU Prospectus Regulation"). Under this €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Vår Energi ASA (the 
"Issuer") may from time to time issue notes governed by English law (the "Notes"), denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the Dealers (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €3,000,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement), subject to any increase as described herein. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"), as 
competent authority under the EU Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in 
the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the end of its 12-month 
validity period. 
The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the 
quality or solvency of the Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law dated 16 July 2019. This Base Prospectus will be 
published in electronic form, together with all documents incorporated by reference on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu).  
Applications have been made for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of approval of this Base 
Prospectus, ending on 3 March 2024, to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"EU MiFID II"). Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of EU 
MiFID II and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or 
markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to 
trading on any market. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an 
exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or Article 3(2) of the EU Prospectus Regulation.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the "Securities Act") or with 
any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in 
accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant 
Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom (the "UK") by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") 
(the "UK CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 2 ---
10244863972-v23 
- ii - 
47-41044430 
 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Arranger 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Citigroup 
DNB Markets 
ING 
IMI - Intesa Sanpaolo 
NATIXIS 
SMBC 
Société Générale Corporate 
& Investment Banking 
UniCredit 
Wells Fargo Securities 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 3 March 2023.

--- Page 3 ---
10244863972-v23 
 
47-41044430 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ............................................................................................................................. 4 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 12 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................... 40 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION ..................................................... 43 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ......................................................................... 48 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 49 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 53 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................... 101 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 118 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............. 119 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ........................................................................................................... 122 
TAXATION .............................................................................................................................................. 143 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 145 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 151

--- Page 4 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 4 - 
47-41044430 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
Vår Energi ASA (the "Issuer") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and any Final Terms and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its 
import.  
Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses  
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called 
final terms (the "Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown 
Prospectus") as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. Copies of Final Terms 
in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche 
of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a 
reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the 
context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base 
Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale 
of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not 
misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are 
honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not 
omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in 
the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material 
respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
The Issuer confirms that any information from third party sources has been accurately reproduced and that, 
so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third party source, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given 
or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the 
acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the 
issue and offering of the Notes. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the 
offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or 
any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position 
of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers have not separately verified the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 5 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 5 - 
47-41044430 
 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes 
and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to 
the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
In particular, the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes are subject 
to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) unless 
an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with 
all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of 
them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Product Governance under EU MiFID II 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
EU MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the

--- Page 6 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 6 - 
47-41044430 
 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final 
Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update 
the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. Amounts payable under 
the Notes may be calculated by reference to benchmarks including (i) the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
("EURIBOR"), (ii) the sterling overnight index average rate ("SONIA") and SONIA Compounded Index, 
(iii) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and SOFR Compounded Index and (iv) the euro 
short-term rate ("€STR"), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of 
EURIBOR) is included in register of administrators maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. Furthermore, as far as the Issuer is aware, the administrators of SONIA (and 
SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and SOFR Compounded Index) and €STR are not required to be 
registered by virtue of Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
Product classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures 
Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 
309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"). 
The Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" 
in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 
309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€3,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into 
Euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement)). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding under 
the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of 
the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
Certain definitions 
Certain numerical figures and percentages set out in this Base Prospectus (including financial data presented 
in billions, millions or thousands, and participating interests in our production licences presented in 
percentages) have been subject to rounding adjustments and, as a result, the totals of the data in this Base 
Prospectus may vary slightly from the actual arithmetic totals of such information.

--- Page 7 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 7 - 
47-41044430 
 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a 
Member State of the EEA, references to "U.S. dollars", "USD" and "U.S.$" are to the lawful currency of 
the United States, all references to "€", "EUR" and "euro" are to the lawful currency of the EU member 
states who have adopted the euro as their sole national currency and all references to "Norwegian kroner" 
and "NOK" are to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Norway. 
References to a billion are to a thousand million. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law 
is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are 
legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price 
of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may 
not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may 
cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 8 - 
47-41044430 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in 
its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the Conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes 
shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Conditions, in which event, in the case of 
listed Notes only and if appropriate, a new prospectus will be published. 
This constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this general description. 
The Issuer: 
Vår Energi ASA 
Issuer LEI: 
549300LIVN3FFOJN2K47 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Crédit Agricole Corporate 
and Investment Bank, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited, DNB Bank ASA, ING Bank 
N.V., Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., NATIXIS, SMBC Bank EU AG, 
Société Générale, UniCredit Bank AG and Wells Fargo Securities 
Europe S.A. and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Dealer Agreement 
Trustee: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Principal Paying Agent, 
Transfer Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Registrar: 
Citibank Europe plc 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale") including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will constitute deposits 
for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained 
in section 19 of the FSMA unless they are issued to a limited class 
of professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Programme Size:  
Up to €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated 
as described in the Dealer Agreement) outstanding at any time. The 
Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with 
the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Issuance in Series:  
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series 
will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and 
the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in respect 
of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will also be subject

--- Page 9 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 9 - 
47-41044430 
 
to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise 
Notes of different denominations. 
Distribution:  
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies:  
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to any applicable 
legal or regulatory restrictions. 
Maturities:  
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Issue Price:  
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount 
to, or premium over, par. 
Interest:  
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or a combination 
thereof and the method of calculating interest may vary between the 
issue date and the maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Fixed Rate Notes:  
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes:  
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. ("ISDA") or the latest version of ISDA 
2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each 
Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor thereto), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, each as published by 
ISDA 
(or 
any 
successor) 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series; or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating 
Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer.

--- Page 10 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 10 - 
47-41044430 
 
Zero Coupon Notes:  
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption:  
The relevant Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such Notes 
will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders 
upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may 
be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a 
price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year are subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Subscription 
and Sale". 
Denomination of Notes:  
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency, see "Subscription and Sale", and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to 
the public either in a Member State of the European Economic Area 
or in the United Kingdom in circumstances which would otherwise 
require the publication of a prospectus under either the EU 
Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation will be EUR 
100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
Euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation:  
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax 
Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 13 (Taxation). In the event that 
any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 13 (Taxation), be required to 
pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge:  
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Acceleration:  
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross acceleration provision as 
further described in Condition 14(c) (Events of Default). 
Listing 
and 
admission 
to 
trading: 
Applications have been made for Notes to be admitted during the 
period of 12 months after the date hereof to listing on the Official 
List and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which 
are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be 
issued. 
 
The relevant Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes 
are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets. 
United 
States 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 11 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 11 - 
47-41044430 
 
Status: 
The Notes are senior, unsubordinated, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer.  
Form: 
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Rating: 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will be specified in the 
Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned 
to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the 
applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant 
Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the 
EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, 
European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which 
is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the Dealer 
Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection therewith, will be governed by English law. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking 
S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, Norway, the EEA, the UK, Belgium, Hong Kong, 
Italy, Japan and Singapore and such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche of Notes. See "Subscription and Sale". 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in the Notes involves risks. See "Risk Factors". 
Use of proceeds: 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the 
general financing purposes of the Issuer. If, in respect of any 
particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this 
will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 12 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 12 - 
47-41044430 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the 
Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with the Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the specific factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in the Notes issued under the Programme. Prospective investors should also read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference 
herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below (the "Conditions") or 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks relating to the oil and gas industry 
Our business depends significantly on the level of oil and gas prices, which have fluctuated greatly in 
recent years, and volatility and decreases in oil prices could materially and adversely affect our results 
of operations, cash flows, financial condition and access to capital 
Our revenues, reserve estimates, profitability and rate of growth depend substantially on prevailing 
international and local prices of oil and gas. Oil prices also affect our cash flows available for capital 
investments and other items, including the amount and value of our oil and gas reserves. In addition, we 
may face property impairments if prices fall significantly. No assurance can be given that oil prices will 
remain at levels which enable us to do business profitably or at levels that make it economically viable to 
produce from certain fields. 
Historically, crude oil prices have been highly volatile and subject to large fluctuations in response to 
changes in the demand for oil, or subject to sharp price movements, such as that which coincided with the 
onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. Dated Brent crude oil averaged U.S.$100.9/barrel ("bbl") in 2022, with 
a low of U.S.$78.25/bbl on 3 January 2022 and a high of U.S.$136.7/bbl on 8 March 2022, compared to an 
average of U.S.$43.2/bbl and U.S.$70.9/bbl in 2020 and 2021, respectively. On 8 March 2022 following 
the Russian military action against Ukraine on 24 February 2022, Dated Brent crude oil reached 
U.S.$136.7/bbl. See "—The ongoing military action between Russia and Ukraine could adversely affect 
our business, financial condition and results of operations". However, oil prices are expected to remain 
volatile for the near future as a result of market uncertainties over the supply and demand of this commodity 
due to the current state of the world's economies, actions of OPEC, ongoing geopolitical uncertainty and 
related economic impacts and ongoing global credit and liquidity concerns. As an example, the United 
States announced a plan on 31 March 2022 to release up to 180 million barrels of oil over a period of several 
months from the U.S. Strategic Petroleum Reserves in an effort to counteract the economic impact of the 
Russian military action against Ukraine, the impacts of which could lead to further volatility for crude oil 
prices. It is also expected that the increased focus of governments, regulators and consumers on the impact 
of climate change and reducing carbon emissions could reduce demand for oil and suppress oil prices. There 
can be no assurances as to the level of oil prices that will be achievable in the future.  
Although oil prices have recovered since 2021, low oil prices, as experienced in 2020, may return and 
endure in the future due to, among other things, alternative energies or climate change driving a reduced 
demand for oil. Lower oil prices typically result in significant reductions in capital expenditure budgets, 
cancellation or deferral of projects and reductions in discretionary expenditures. Certain development 
projects could become unprofitable as a result of oil price declines, which could in turn result in us 
postponing or cancelling a planned project or, if it is not possible to cancel the project, carrying out the 
project with negative economic impact. In addition, we may face property impairments if prices fall 
significantly. No assurance can be given that oil prices will remain at levels which will enable us to do 
business profitably or at levels that make it economically viable to produce from certain wells and any 
material decline in such prices could result in a reduction of our net production volumes and revenue and a 
decrease in our reserves and in the valuation of our exploration, appraisal, development and production 
properties.

--- Page 13 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 13 - 
47-41044430 
 
The conflict in Ukraine has also impacted the global gas market. The reliance of the European Union and 
(indirectly) the UK on Russian gas supplies has increased over the last decade. Natural gas consumption in 
the EU and UK remained broadly flat in aggregate over this period, but production fell by a third and the 
gap has been filled by increased imports. Consequently, the share of Russian gas supplies increased from 
25 per cent. of the region's total gas demand in 2009 to 32 per cent. in 2021. Meanwhile, the importance of 
Ukraine as a transit country has lessened due to the build-up of additional transit corridors bringing Russian 
piped gas to the EU and UK. Transit flows via Ukraine accounted for over 25 per cent. of Russia's pipeline 
deliveries to the EU and UK in 2022, significantly down from more than 60 per cent. in 2009. Nevertheless, 
Ukraine remains an important conduit for Russian gas to Europe (transiting about 8 per cent. of the EU and 
UK combined gas demand) and also relies heavily on imported gas for its own domestic use. European gas 
prices surged by 50 per cent. on 24 February 2022 as compared to the prior day to U.S.$44 MMbtu, 
following the invasion of Ukraine by Russia. The strong increase in European gas prices supported Asian 
liquefied natural gas spot prices which soared by 30 per cent. to U.S.$37/MMbtu. Natural gas prices are 
expected to remain extremely volatile in the current context of market uncertainty and the disruption of the 
importation of Russian gas supplies to Europe. 
Prices for oil and gas have historically fluctuated for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to: 
• 
changes in global and regional supply and demand, and expectations regarding future supply and 
demand for oil and gas, even relatively minor changes; 
• 
geopolitical uncertainty; 
• 
availability of pipelines, storage capacity at the terminal, tankers and other transportation and 
processing facilities; 
• 
proximity to, and the capacity and cost of, transportation; 
• 
petroleum refining capacity; 
• 
price, availability and government subsidies of alternative fuels; 
• 
price and availability of new technologies; 
• 
the ability and willingness of the members of OPEC and other oil producing nations to set and 
maintain specified levels of production and prices; 
• 
political, economic and military developments in producing regions, particularly the Middle East, 
Russia, Africa and Central and South America, and domestic and foreign governmental regulations 
and actions, including import and export restrictions, taxes, repatriations and nationalisations; 
• 
global and regional economic conditions; 
• 
trading activities by market participants and others either seeking to secure access to oil and gas or 
to hedge against commercial risks, or as part of investment portfolio activity; 
• 
weather conditions and natural disasters; 
• 
changes in demand for substitute goods, including renewable energy sources; and 
• 
terrorism or the threat of terrorism, cyber security attacks, war or threat of war, which may affect 
supply, transportation or demand for hydrocarbons and refined petroleum products. 
Our profitability is determined, in large part, by the difference between the income received from the oil 
and gas that we produce and our development costs, operational costs, administrative costs, financing costs, 
taxation, as well as costs incurred in transporting and selling the oil and gas. Therefore, lower prices for oil 
and gas may reduce the amount of oil and gas that we are able to produce economically or may reduce the 
economic viability of the production levels of specific fields or of projects planned or in development to 
the extent that production costs exceed anticipated revenue from such production. This may result in us 
having to make substantial downward adjustments to our oil and gas reserves. 
The economics of producing from some wells and assets may also result in a reduction in the volumes of 
our reserves which can be produced commercially, resulting in decreases to our reported commercial

--- Page 14 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 14 - 
47-41044430 
 
reserves. Further reductions in commodity prices may result in a reduction in the volumes of our reported 
reserves. We might also elect not to produce from certain wells at lower prices, or, subject to our joint 
venture voting rules and Norwegian Petroleum Directorate (Nw. Oljedirektoratet) ("NPD") approvals, the 
other licence participants may not want to continue production regardless of our position. These factors 
could result in a material decrease in our net production revenue, causing a reduction in our oil and gas 
exploration and development activities and acquisition of reserves. In addition, certain development 
projects could become unprofitable as a result of a decline in price and could result in us having to postpone 
or cancel a planned project, or if it is not possible to cancel the project, carry out the project with negative 
economic impact. Further, a reduction in oil prices may lead our producing fields to be shut down and enter 
into the decommissioning phase earlier than estimated. 
Furthermore, our dependency on the level of oil and gas prices may affect our ability to pay dividends. In 
the third quarter of 2022, our dividend guidance increased to U.S.$1.075 billion from the earlier 2022 
guidance of U.S.$1 billion, subject to current market conditions. Our dividend policy targets a payout of 
approximately 20-30 per cent. of cash flow from operations (after tax) from 2023 onwards. If oil and gas 
prices decline materially, we may not be able to pay dividends in line with our dividend policy.  
Additionally, adverse changes to commodity prices could reduce our ability to refinance our outstanding 
indebtedness in the event lenders or investors reduce access to liquidity in response to such adverse changes. 
Changes in oil and gas prices may therefore adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, 
financial condition and prospects, and therefore our ability to service our obligations under the Notes. 
The ongoing military action between Russia and Ukraine could adversely affect our business, financial 
condition and results of operations 
On 24 February 2022, Russian military forces launched a military action in Ukraine, and sustained conflict 
and disruption in the region is likely. Although the length, impact and outcome of the ongoing military 
conflict in Ukraine is highly unpredictable, this conflict could lead to significant market and other 
disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices and supply of energy resources, instability 
in financial markets, supply chain interruptions, political and social instability changes in consumer or 
purchaser preferences as well as increase in cyberattacks and espionage. While our operations are located 
in Norway, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations depend substantially upon 
oil prices. See "—Our business depends significantly on the level of oil and gas prices, which have 
fluctuated greatly in recent years, and volatility and decreases in oil prices could materially and adversely 
affect our results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and access to capital". On 8 March 2022, 
following the Russian military action against Ukraine on 24 February 2022, Dated Brent crude oil reached 
U.S.$137.6/bbl.  
Russia's recognition of separatist republics in the Donetsk, Luhansk, Zaporizhzhia and Kherson regions of 
Ukraine and subsequent military action against Ukraine have led to an unprecedented expansion of sanction 
programmes by the United States, the European Union, the UK, Canada, Switzerland, Japan and other 
countries against Russia, Belarus and such separatist republics, including, among others: 
• 
blocking sanctions against some of the largest state-owned and private Russian financial 
institutions (and their subsequent removal from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial 
Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system) and certain Russian businesses, some of which 
have significant financial and trade ties to the European Union; 
• 
blocking sanctions against Russian and Belarusian individuals, including the Russian President, 
other politicians and those with government connections or involved in Russian military activities; 
and  
• 
blocking of Russia's foreign currency reserves as well as expansion of sectoral sanctions and export 
and trade restrictions, limitations on investments and access to capital markets and bans on various 
Russian imports.  
The situation is rapidly evolving as a result of the conflict in Ukraine, and the United States, the European 
Union, the UK and other countries may implement additional sanctions, export controls or other measures 
against Russia, Belarus and other countries, regions, officials, individuals or industries in the respective 
territories. Such sanctions and other measures, as well as the existing and potential further responses from 
Russia or other countries to such sanctions, tensions and military actions, could adversely affect the global 
economy and financial markets and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of 
operations, and therefore our ability to service our obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 15 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 15 - 
47-41044430 
 
Furthermore, due to the political uncertainty involving Russia and Ukraine, there is also an increased 
likelihood that the tensions could result in cyber-attacks, cybersecurity incidents or other forms of hostility 
that could either directly or indirectly impact our operations. Any attempts by cyber attackers or otherwise 
hostile parties to disrupt our services or systems, if successful, could harm our business, result in the 
misappropriation of funds, be expensive to remedy and damage our reputation or brand. Insurance may not 
be sufficient to cover significant expenses and losses related to such cyber-attacks, cybersecurity incidents 
and other forms of hostility. We are actively monitoring the situation in Ukraine and assessing its impact 
on our business, including its impact on oil prices. We have no way to predict the progress or outcome of 
the conflict in Ukraine or its impacts in Ukraine, Russia or Belarus as the conflict, and any resulting 
government reactions, are rapidly developing and beyond our control. The extent and duration of the 
military action, sanctions and resulting market disruptions could be significant and could potentially have 
substantial impact on the global economy and our business for an unknown period of time. Any of the 
abovementioned factors could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and 
therefore our ability to service our obligations under the Notes. Any such disruptions may also magnify the 
impact of other risks described in this Base Prospectus. 
The market in which we operate is highly competitive 
The oil and gas industry is highly competitive, including in our jurisdiction of operation, Norway. The key 
areas in respect of which we face competition include: 
• 
engagement of third-party service providers whose capacity to provide key services may be limited 
(e.g., capacity in shipyards for the construction of platform facilities); 
• 
employment of qualified and experienced skilled management and oil and gas professionals; 
• 
purchasing, hiring, leasing, chartering or other procurement of equipment that may be scarce; 
• 
access to debt and equity capital; 
• 
acquisition of exploration and production licences, or interests in such licences, at licensing rounds, 
auctions or sales run by governmental authorities; and 
• 
availability of, and access to, pipeline ullage and tanker capacity together with other storage, 
processing and delivery facilities. 
Competition in our markets is intense and depends, among other things, on the number of competitors in 
the market, their financial power, their degree of geological, geophysical, engineering and management 
expertise, their degree of vertical integration and pricing policies, their ability to develop properties on time 
and on budget, their ability to select, acquire and develop reserves and their ability to foster and maintain 
relationships with governments of the countries in which they have assets. Certain of our competitors may 
have greater technical, physical and financial resources. 
In addition, we compete with major oil and gas companies and other companies within industries supplying 
energy and fuel in the marketing and sale of oil and gas to transporters, distributors and end users, including 
industrial, commercial and individual consumers. We also compete with other oil and gas companies in 
attempting to secure drilling rigs and other equipment necessary for drilling and completion of wells. Such 
equipment may be in short supply from time to time. In addition, equipment and other materials necessary 
to construct production and transmission facilities may be in short supply from time to time. Finally, 
companies and private equity firms not previously investing in oil and gas may choose to acquire reserves 
to establish a firm supply or simply as an investment. Any such companies will also constitute competition 
for us. 
The effects of operating in a competitive industry may include higher than anticipated prices for the 
acquisition of licences or assets, the hiring by competitors of key management or other personnel, 
restrictions on the availability of equipment or services as well as potentially unfair practices including 
unconscionable pressure on us directly or indirectly or the dissemination of false or misleading information 
or rumours by competitors or third parties. If we are unsuccessful in competing against other companies, 
our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
We may not be able to respond to these competitive pressures or implement new technologies on a timely 
basis or at an acceptable cost. If one or more of the technologies we use now or in the future were to become 
obsolete, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely

--- Page 16 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 16 - 
47-41044430 
 
affected. In addition, any new technology that we implement may have unanticipated or unforeseen adverse 
consequences, either to our business or to the industry as a whole. 
We may not be able to keep pace with technological developments in our industry 
The oil and gas industry is characterised by rapid and significant technological advancements and the 
introduction of new products and services using new technologies. Although we believe that we are 
currently a leader among our peer group in the development and use of technology, as others use or develop 
new technologies, we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage or may be forced by competitive 
pressures to implement those new technologies at substantial costs. In addition, other oil and gas companies 
may have greater financial, technical and personnel resources that allow them to enjoy technological 
advantages, which may in the future allow them to implement new technologies before we can. We may 
not be able to respond to these competitive pressures or implement new technologies on a timely basis or 
at an acceptable cost. If one or more of the technologies we use now or in the future were to become obsolete, 
our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
In addition, any new technology that we implement may have unanticipated or unforeseen adverse 
consequences, either to our business or to the industry as a whole. 
Our business and financial condition could be adversely affected if Norwegian tax regulations for the 
petroleum industry are amended 
There is no assurance that future political conditions in Norway will not result in the government adopting 
different policies for petroleum taxation. In the event there are changes to this tax regime, it could lead to 
new investments being less attractive and could prevent or slow our future growth. 
Furthermore, the amounts of taxes we must pay could also change significantly as a result of other 
interpretations of the relevant tax laws and regulations or changes to such laws and regulations. In addition, 
tax authorities could review and question our tax returns leading to additional taxes and tax penalties which 
could be material. 
Pursuant to the current Norwegian Tax Administration Act, the Norwegian tax authorities may change a 
taxpayer's tax assessment within five years after the end of the tax year (or ten years in a severe penalty tax 
case or upon notice of criminal tax evasion). Even though we are of the opinion that we have provided the 
tax authorities with correct and complete information, there can be no assurance that the tax authorities will 
not change, or at least claim to have the authority to change, our assessment from previous tax years within 
these time limits. In an effort to maintain oil and gas investments during a period of falling oil prices and 
reduced activity due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Norwegian government on 19 June 2020 enacted 
temporary targeted changes to Norway's Petroleum Tax Act for investments incurred in 2020 and 2021. The 
changes were effective from 1 January 2020 and provided companies with a direct tax deduction for 
investments and uplift in the special petroleum tax ("SPT") base (56 per cent. tax rate). Tax uplift benefit, 
which was temporarily increased from 20.8 per cent. to 24 per cent. of investments for investments incurred 
in 2020 and 2021, was recognised over one year instead of over four years. The uplift rate is stipulated by 
the  Norwegian parliament on an annual basis. For investments incurred in 2022 the uplift rate was 17.69 
per cent., with a further reduction to 12.4 per cent. for investments incurred in 2023. Tax depreciation 
towards the ordinary corporate tax ("CT") (22 per cent. tax rate) will continue with a six-year depreciation 
profile. These changes also apply for all investments according to Plan for Development and Operation 
("PDO") and Plan for Installation and Operations ("PIO"), including application for exemptions or changes 
of such which have been submitted by the end of 2022 and approved by the Norwegian Ministry of 
Petroleum and Energy ("MPE") between 12 May 2020 and 1 January 2024. The benefits of these tax 
changes, however, will only apply to investments up to and including the year of planned "first oil" (or start 
up) as defined in the approved PDO (PIO). If we do not obtain final MPE approval by the end of 2023 of a 
timely submitted PDO,  the amount of taxes that we pay may be materially different than our current 
projections, and we may delay or cancel projects altogether.  
In June 2022, the Norwegian government enacted a new tax regime for oil and gas companies with effect 
from 1 January 2022. 
In the new regime, field investments (such as platforms, subsea installations, processing facilities, 
production wells and pipelines) are directly expensed in the SPT base as incurred, while SPT uplift has 
been abolished. CT depreciation is unchanged. Calculated CT will be deducted in the SPT base. In order to 
maintain an overall marginal tax rate at 78 per cent., the SPT rate has been increased to 71.8 per cent., 
reducing the effect of the CT from 22 per cent. to 6.2 per cent. The cash value of SPT losses, including 
exploration costs, will be refunded annually. Tax losses for corporate tax can be carried forward for an

--- Page 17 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 17 - 
47-41044430 
 
unlimited period. Net financial costs, which are currently allocated between the offshore 78 per cent. regime 
and the 22 per cent. onshore regime by a formula based on tax depreciated offshore assets values, will over 
a short time-span only be deductible in the 22 per cent. tax regime as a result of the direct expensing of 
field investments. Interest on CT loss carry-forward has also been abolished. The uplift rate for eligible 
investments incurred in 2022 under the June 2020 temporary tax rules has since been reduced from 24 per 
cent. to 17.69 per cent. A further reduction to 12.4 per cent. was agreed by the Norwegian parliament in 
2022, applying to investments incurred from 1 January 2023. This rate may be subject to further adjustments 
for future income years. 
Further tax reforms may result in additional changes in the Norwegian tax system (which may include 
changes in the tax treatment of interest costs and withholding taxes) that may affect our current and future 
tax positions, net income after tax and financial condition, and therefore may affect our ability to service 
our obligations under the Notes. 
Our business, results of operations and our ability to make timely payments under the Notes may be 
adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic or other similar pandemics 
In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus ("COVID-19") surfaced and the spread of this virus has 
caused significant business disruption, significant volatility in international debt and equity markets and 
significant disruption to the economy. There is significant uncertainty around the breadth and duration of 
business disruptions related to COVID-19, as well as its impact on the global economy. The extent to which 
COVID-19 impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot 
be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the 
actions taken or being continued to contain it or treat its impact. 
The outbreak resulted in government authorities and businesses worldwide implementing numerous 
measures intended to contain and limit the spread of COVID-19, including travel bans and restrictions, 
quarantines, shelter-in-place and lockdown orders and business restrictions, shutdowns and other 
limitations. A significant shock to oil prices and follow on volatility was driven by the impact of COVID-
19 and geopolitical developments between key oil producing nations, all of which had a materially adverse 
impact on our results of operations and cash flows. In addition, in an effort to maintain oil and gas 
investments during a period of falling oil prices and reduced activity due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the 
Norwegian government on 19 June 2020 enacted temporary targeted changes to Norway's Petroleum Tax 
Act for investments incurred in 2020 and 2021. See "—Our business and financial condition could be 
adversely affected if Norwegian tax regulations for the petroleum industry are amended". As such, the 
COVID-19 pandemic and the response thereto has materially adversely impacted and may continue to 
materially adversely impact our business, as well as our employees, customers, users, suppliers, vendors, 
banking partners and business partners. 
Although most European and North American jurisdictions have generally reversed measures enacted in 
response to COVID-19, the extent to which COVID-19 will impact us remains uncertain due to numerous 
evolving factors that we are unable to predict, including the success of global vaccination programmes and 
the emergence of new variants. Although our production efficiency has remained high and has not been 
significantly impacted by COVID-19, the COVID-19 pandemic could have material adverse effects on our 
business, results of operations and financial condition, including, among other risks: 
• 
delayed execution of projects or increased project costs due to governmental restrictions and 
measures put in place to safeguard employees and contractors, which may cause delays in expected 
future cashflow; 
• 
impacts on production or increased production costs due to governmental restrictions and measures 
put in place to safeguard employees and contractors, or outbreaks of COVID-19 on operated or 
partner operated installations, or third party drilling rigs, vessels, assets or locations;  
• 
increased currency and interest volatility and/or reduced access to external capital; 
• 
resource limitations in business critical teams and loss of production volume due to the 
unavailability of qualified personnel, third party utilities or spare parts;  
• 
increased cyber security threats as a result of phishing campaigns and targeted attacks while a 
larger number of our employees work remotely; and  
• 
potential permanent reduction in demand for oil and gas.

--- Page 18 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 18 - 
47-41044430 
 
Although the COVID-19 pandemic has somewhat impacted the projected timeline of some of our projects, 
including the Balder X and Johan Castberg developments (see “Description of the Issuer—Production 
assets—Key development projects”), to date there have been no material operational business interruptions 
due to the COVID-19 pandemic.  
Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented other measures to minimise health and safety risks 
to our personnel and operations, including reduced offshore manning, social distancing, travel restrictions 
and working from home. As part of these restrictions, all personnel visiting our operated production and 
drilling sites were tested for COVID-19 before travelling offshore. Although we have since lifted many of 
these restrictions in line with government guidance and the general emergence from lockdowns, we remain 
prepared to quickly and efficiently reintroduce these and other measures as necessary. If significant portions 
of our workforce or the workforce of our partners are unable to work effectively, including because of 
illness, quarantines, government actions, facility closures or other restrictions in connection with COVID-
19, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
If business interruptions caused by COVID-19 or any other epidemic or pandemics last longer than we 
expect, we may continue to seek other sources of liquidity, and there can be no guarantee that additional 
liquidity will be readily available or available on favourable terms and in an amount sufficient to enable us 
to service and repay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. A shortage of liquidity and credit 
could trigger a worldwide economic recession, which could be exacerbated by adverse developments in 
global or national political and macroeconomic conditions. Any deterioration in financial markets could 
impair our ability to obtain financing in the future, including our ability to incur additional indebtedness to 
operate our ongoing operations, fund liquidity needs or to refinance the Notes.  
Any of the foregoing risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results 
of operations, and therefore our ability to service our obligations under the Notes. To the extent COVID-19 
continues to adversely affect general economic conditions or our business, operations, financial condition 
or operating results, it may also have the effect of heightening other risks described in this "Risk Factors" 
section. 
We are dependent on finding, acquiring, developing and producing oil and gas reserves that are 
economically recoverable. Unless we replace our oil and natural gas reserves, our reserves and 
production will decline over time, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and 
results of operations and therefore ultimately our ability to service our obligations under the Notes 
Oil and gas exploration and production activities are capital intensive and inherently uncertain in their 
outcome. Significant expenditure is required to establish the extent of oil and gas reserves through seismic 
and other surveys and drilling and there can be no certainty that further commercial quantities of oil and 
gas will be discovered or acquired by us. Our existing and future oil and gas appraisal and exploration 
projects may therefore involve unprofitable efforts, either from dry wells or from wells that are productive 
but do not produce sufficient net revenues to return a profit after development, operating and other costs. 
Few prospects that are explored are ultimately developed into producing oil and gas fields. Even if we are 
able to discover or acquire commercial quantities of oil and gas in the future, there can be no assurance that 
these will be commercially developed. Similarly, we may be required to curtail, delay or cancel any 
development operations because of a variety of factors, including unexpected drilling conditions, pressure 
or irregularities in geological formations, equipment failures or accidents, breaches of security, title 
problems or adverse weather conditions, such as storms in the North Sea, Norwegian Sea and the Barents 
Sea. 
Completion of a well does not guarantee a profit on the investment or recovery of the costs associated with 
that well. Additionally, the cost of operations and production from successful wells may be materially 
adversely affected by unusual or unexpected geological formation pressures, oceanographic conditions, 
hazardous weather conditions, delays in obtaining governmental approvals or consents, shut-ins of 
connected wells, difficulties arising from environmental or other challenges or other factors. Any inability 
on our part to recover our costs and generate profits from our exploration and production activities could 
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and 
prospects. 
Additionally, production from oil and natural gas reservoirs, particularly in the case of mature fields, is 
generally characterised by declining production rates that vary depending upon reservoir characteristics and 
other factors. The rate of decline will change if production from existing wells declines in a different manner 
than we have estimated and can change under other circumstances. Thus, our future oil and natural gas 
reserves and production and, therefore, our cash flow and results of operations are highly dependent upon 
our success in efficiently developing and exploiting our current properties and economically finding or

--- Page 19 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 19 - 
47-41044430 
 
acquiring additional recoverable reserves. We may not be able to develop, find or acquire additional 
reserves to replace our current and future production at acceptable costs. If we are unable to replace our 
current and future production, the volume of our remaining reserves will decrease and our business, results 
of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects would be adversely affected and our ability to 
make timely payments under the Notes could be adversely affected. 
Exploration and production operations involve numerous operational risks and hazards which may 
result in material losses or additional expenditures 
Developing oil and gas resources and reserves into commercial production involves a high degree of risk. 
Our operations are subject to all the risks common in our industry. These hazards and risks include, but are 
not limited to, encountering unusual or unexpected rock formations or geological pressures, geological 
uncertainties, seismic shifts, blowouts, oil spills, uncontrollable flows of oil, gas or well fluids, explosions, 
fires, improper installation or operation of equipment and equipment damage or failure. 
Given the nature of our offshore operations, our exploration, production and drilling facilities are also 
subject to the hazards inherent in marine operations, such as capsizing, sinking, grounding and damage 
from severe storms or other severe weather conditions. A recent example of such risks materialising is 
damage occurring to a flow line connected to a subsea template at the Balder field on 23 January 2022, 
which led to an oil spill and escape of gas, as well as the relevant wells being temporarily shut down. 
The offshore operations conducted by us involve risks including, but not limited to, high pressure drilling, 
mechanical difficulties or equipment failure which increase the risk of delays in drilling and of operational 
challenges arising, as well as material costs and liabilities occurring. 
If any of these events were to occur in relation to any of our licences, they could, among other adverse 
effects, result in environmental damage, injury to persons and loss of life and a failure to produce oil and/or 
gas in commercial quantities. They could also result in significant delays to drilling programmes, a partial 
or total shutdown of operations, significant damage to our equipment and equipment owned by third parties 
and personal injury or wrongful death claims being brought against us.  
In our capacity as holder and operator of licences under the Norwegian Petroleum Act, we are subject to 
strict statutory liability in respect of losses or damage suffered as a result of pollution caused by spills or 
discharges of petroleum from facilities or otherwise resulting from our petroleum activities on the 
Norwegian Continental Shelf ("NCS"). The statutory regulations set out that anyone who suffers damage 
or loss as a result of pollution caused by any of the licence areas can claim compensation from us without 
needing to demonstrate that the damage is due to any fault on our part. Furthermore, the statutory 
regulations also restrict the right to claim recourse in cases where pollution damage is caused by our 
contractors' or agents' actions or omissions. 
Any of the above circumstances could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, 
cash flow and financial condition and therefore our ability to service our obligations under the Notes. 
Risks relating to our business 
Our development projects are associated with risks relating to delays and costs 
Our ongoing development projects, including, but not limited to, the Balder X, Johan Castberg, Fenja and 
Breidablikk projects, involve advanced engineering work, extensive procurement activities and require 
complex construction work to be carried out under various contract packages at different locations onshore. 
Furthermore, we (together with the other licence participants), must carry out drilling operations, install, 
test and commission offshore installations and obtain governmental approval to take them into use, prior to 
commencement of production. The complexity of our development projects makes them sensitive to 
circumstances which may affect the planned progress or sequence of the various activities, and this may 
result in delays or cost increases. For example, the Balder X Project, which includes an upgrade of the Jotun 
floating, production, storage and offloading ("FPSO") unit as well as the drilling of several new wells, (i) 
has already been subject to delay and increased costs due to the complexity of the project, COVID-19 
restrictions, global supply chain challenges, commodity and services price inflation and an increase in the 
total scope of work, and (ii) resulted in U.S.$573 million and U.S.$68 million in impairment losses during 
the third and fourth quarters of 2022, respectively, due to the revised cost, schedule and production profile 
of the project. Other operated and partner-operated development projects on the NCS could be impacted by 
similar cost increases or delayed timelines due to such factors, which may in turn adversely affect our 
business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

--- Page 20 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 20 - 
47-41044430 
 
Our current or future projected target dates for production may be delayed and significant cost overruns 
may be incurred due to delays, changes in any part of our development projects, technical difficulties, 
project mismanagement, equipment failure, equipment delivery and supply chain constraints, natural 
disasters, political, economic, taxation, legal, regulatory or social uncertainties, environmental, social and 
governance ("ESG") factors (such as carbon dioxide fees and reputational considerations), piracy, terrorism, 
visa issues or protests or cyber security attacks which may materially adversely affect our future business, 
operating results, financial condition and cash flow. Ultimately, there are risks that the rights granted under 
our licences or agreements with the government may be forfeited and we may be liable to pay large penalties, 
which could jeopardise our ability to continue operations. 
Going forward, we, or the operator of licences in which we have an interest, may be unable to explore, 
appraise or develop petroleum operations, or the development or production of oil and/or gas may be 
delayed as a result of, among other things, activities such as the failure of the other licence participants and 
counterparties to obtain equipment, equipment failure, natural disasters, political, economic, taxation, legal, 
regulatory or social uncertainties, piracy, terrorism, visa issues or protests. For example, the start-up of the 
Johan Castberg field is currently scheduled to commence in 2024 after having been delayed by the COVID-
19 pandemic that resulted in the stop of all yard activities during 2020. Moreover, the other licence 
participants and counterparties consist of a diverse base with no single material source of credit risk. A 
general downturn in financial markets and economic activity may result in a higher volume of late payments 
and outstanding receivables, which may in turn adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash 
flows, financial condition and ultimately our ability to make timely payments under the Notes. 
Furthermore, our estimated exploration and appraisal costs are subject to a number of assumptions that may 
not materialise. Any such inability to explore, appraise or develop petroleum operations or 
non-materialisation of assumptions regarding exploration costs, may have a material adverse effect on our 
growth ambitions, future business and revenue, operating results, financial condition and cash flow, and 
therefore our ability to make timely payments under the Notes. 
Our current production and expected future production is concentrated in the NCS, making us 
vulnerable to risks associated with having all of our production tied to a single region, and certain of 
our assets have a greater impact on our financial performance than others 
All of our oil and gas production and total reserves are concentrated in Norway, and although we consider 
our reserve portfolio to be well-diversified as compared to our peers, certain of our fields and projects are 
more important to our overall performance than others. The NCS is prone to difficult weather conditions 
that can in some cases prevent us from transporting supplies, personnel and fuel to our facilities, or can 
cause direct damage to our facilities, any of which can cause production shut-downs or slow-downs. If 
mechanical or technical problems, storms or other events or problems affect the production on one of these 
offshore fields, it may have direct and significant impact on a substantial portion of our production or if the 
actual reserves associated with any one of our fields are less than the estimated reserves, our results of 
operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
Any decrease in production volumes or reserve estimates in our key producing assets, including the Åsgard, 
Goliat, Balder Ringhorne, Ekofisk and Mikkel fields, may adversely affect our results of operation and 
financial condition. Moreover, we and the other licence participants have made, and will continue to make, 
significant capital expenditures with regard to the development of these and other fields and their related 
facilities. Any cost overruns or delays in the development or in completion and delivery of these facilities 
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, financial condition 
and our ability to service our obligations under the Notes. Further, if the current agreements we have in 
place pursuant to which we sell crude oil from these fields for any reason should be terminated or expire, a 
contract with a new buyer may not be signed at the time our existing contract terminates, or the sale price 
we obtain for the crude may be significantly less than that currently paid to us, or the volumes of production 
a buyer is required to take could be reduced. 
Further, while we expect that a large proportion of our future production will come from the Balder, Johan 
Castberg, Åsgard, Snorre, Goliat and Ekofisk fields, future production may materially deviate from our 
projections. Certain of our material licences are in various phases of development without current 
production. The early stages, being the exploration or development period of a licence, are commonly 
associated with higher risk, requiring high levels of capital expenditure without a commensurate degree of 
certainty of a return on that investment. Our capital expenditures may not guarantee the successful 
production of oil and gas in line with our projections. Other events, such as unexpected drilling conditions, 
equipment failures or accidents, breaches of security, adverse weather and the unavailability of drilling rigs,

--- Page 21 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 21 - 
47-41044430 
 
among others, in the fields in which we have an interest could, similarly, adversely affect our results of 
operations and financial condition and therefore our ability to make timely payments under the Notes. See 
"—Risks relating to the oil and gas industry—Exploration and production operations involve numerous 
operational risks and hazards which may result in material losses or additional expenditures". 
There are risks related to determination and redetermination of unitised petroleum deposits 
According to the Norwegian Petroleum Act, unitisation is required if a petroleum deposit extends over 
several production licences and these production licences have a different ownership representation. 
Consensus must be achieved between the licensees on the most rational coordination of the joint 
development and ownership distribution of the petroleum deposit, which must be set out in a Unitisation 
and Operating agreement ("UOA") regulating the joint development, production, utilisation and cessation 
of the petroleum activities related to the licences. If such consensus is not reached within reasonable time, 
the MPE may determine how such joint petroleum activities shall be conducted, including the 
apportionment of the deposit, which may diverge from the other participants' recommendations. 
UOAs relating to our production licences can typically also include a redetermination clause, stating that 
the apportionment of the deposit between licences can be adjusted within certain agreed time periods. A 
redetermination may, as a result thereof, reduce our ownership share in the unitised field, and thereby may 
reduce our proportional right to the petroleum produced from the field. For example, the Snorre field has a 
redetermination clause that may be called in 2024, with a redetermination to potentially take effect from 
2026. Likewise, some of our other fields have similar clauses. Any such determination or redetermination 
of our interest in any of our licences may, as mentioned, have a negative effect on our interest in the unitised 
deposit, including our unit interest, the tract participation in which we hold an interest and cash flow from 
production. Upon completion of a redetermination, an adjustment is commonly made for historic costs and 
income, underlift positions (i.e. that a party is eligible to more of the production upon completion of the 
redetermination than it so far has received) are normally settled in kind (i.e. that the eligible party receives 
more petroleum than its ownership interest would indicate). It should be noted that the settlement 
mechanism varies from unitisation agreement to unitisation agreement, thus the foregoing illustrates the 
traditional settlement mechanism only. No assurance can be made that any such determination or 
redetermination will be satisfactorily resolved, will be resolved within reasonable time or without us 
incurring significant costs. Any determination or redetermination negatively affecting our interest in a unit 
may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, financial condition, 
prospects and ultimately our ability to make timely payments under the Notes. 
We are exposed to risks relating to work stoppages and other labour disputes 
As of 31 December 2022, we employed 977 persons, who primarily reside in Norway. In addition, we hire 
contractors who, in turn, may have their own employees. While we generally enjoy good labour relations 
with our employees, consultants and temporary hired personnel, strikes, labour disruptions and other types 
of conflicts with employees, consultants or temporary hired personnel including those of our independent 
partners, contractors, suppliers and customers or their unions may occur in relation to our operations. Work 
stoppages or other labour disturbances, such as industrial action, with our employees, consultants and 
temporary hired personnel or those of our partners, contractors, suppliers and customers may occur in the 
future. In addition, our employees, consultants and temporary hired personnel, and those of our partners, 
contractors, suppliers and customers may become members of or represented by labour unions. If this 
occurs, we or our partners, contractors, suppliers and customers may not be able to negotiate acceptable 
collective bargaining agreements or future restructuring agreements or may become subject to material cost 
increases or additional work rules imposed by such agreements. For example, in July 2022 a group of 
offshore oil workers at Equinor's Gudrun, Oseberg South and Oseberg East platforms threatened strike 
action as part of an ongoing wage dispute, which had the potential to materially reduce Norway's oil and 
gas output. Production at the affected fields resumed shortly after strike action commenced in response to 
the Norwegian government proposing compulsory arbitration to resolve the dispute.  
We undertake labour negotiations to reduce our exposure to such risks. In the event that these measures are 
delayed or unsuccessful, we may be subject to collective actions such as an onshore strike. Relatedly, we 
may be impacted by a strike among our suppliers. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could materially 
and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and ultimately our 
ability to make timely payments under the Notes.

--- Page 22 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 22 - 
47-41044430 
 
Unexpected shutdowns may occur at one or more of our fields 
We are sensitive to major and long-lasting shutdowns or technical issues on our producing fields. We have 
insurance in place in accordance with the requirements set by the Norwegian authorities for all assets 
covering physical damage, operators extra expense ("OEE") and third party liability. In addition, we have 
loss of production insurance and protection and indemnity insurance for our production from certain of our 
producing fields. See "Description of the Issuer—Insurance". The insurance programme we have in place 
may be insufficient to offset the impact of any major incident of any of the fields. A significant shutdown 
or other serious technical issues at our producing fields, or other issues relating to our oil and gas production 
causing a large reduction in production levels, may materially affect our profitability. This is a result of the 
increase in costs and reduction in income which normally arise from such delays and through claims for 
compensation from third parties. Delays may also result in cancellation of contracts, which may adversely 
affect our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, and therefore our ability to 
make timely payments under the Notes. 
Our exploration and production operations are dependent on our compliance with obligations under 
licences, joint operating agreements and field development plans 
All exploration and production licences for the NCS have incorporated detailed and mandatory work 
programmes that are required to be fulfilled within a specific timespan. These may include, among others, 
seismic surveys to be performed, wells to be drilled and development decisions to be taken. Failure to 
comply with the obligations under the licences may lead to fines, penalties, restrictions, revocation of 
licences and termination of related agreements, which could materially and adversely affect our business, 
results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and therefore our ability to make timely payments 
under the Notes. 
A failure to comply with the payment obligations (cash calls) under the standard joint operating agreements 
("JOA") for our licences, may lead to penal interest on the defaulted amount, loss of right to lift 
hydrocarbons, loss of voting rights and information within the licence and a right for the other licensees to 
acquire our participating interest on terms that are unfavourable to us and disconnected from the value of 
the licence interest. All such sanctions could materially and adversely affect our business, financial 
conditions and results of operations, and therefore our ability to make timely payments under the Notes. 
We are subject to third-party risk in terms of operators, other licence participants and contractors 
Where we are not the operator of a licence or unit, although we may have consultation rights or the right to 
vote or withhold consent in relation to significant operational matters depending on the level of our interest 
in such licence or unit (as most decisions by the management committee only require a majority vote), we 
have limited control over management of the assets and mismanagement by the operator or disagreements 
with the operator as to the most appropriate course of action, which may result in significant delays, losses 
or increased costs to us. 
The terms of the relevant operating agreements generally impose standards and requirements in relation to 
the operator's activities. Although a significant portion of our non-operated assets are operated by Equinor, 
the largest and most experienced operator on the NCS, there can be no assurance that Equinor and other 
such operators will observe such standards or requirements, and this could result in a breach of the relevant 
operating agreement. 
There is a risk that other participants with interests in our licences may not be able to fund or may elect not 
to participate in, or consent to, certain activities relating to those licences which require such participant's 
consent, including but not limited to, decisions relating to drilling programmes, such as the number, identity 
and sequencing of wells, appraisal and development decisions, decisions relating to production and also 
any decision to not drill at all (e.g., "drill or drop" decisions). In these circumstances, it may not be possible 
for such activities to be undertaken by us alone or in conjunction with other participants at the desired time 
or sequence or at all. Inversely, decisions by the other participants to engage in certain activities as noted 
in the preceding sentence, may also be contrary to our desire not to engage in or commence such activities 
and may require us to incur our share of costs in relation thereto, which may become significant, or that the 
other participants may enforce decisions which will delay or affect the profitability of a project. This is 
especially an inherent risk in fields under development where we only hold a minority interest, as the 
management committee makes all the decisions from planning to operations of the project licences. 
Certain important decisions are in a licence or unit taken by the management committee of the licence or 
unit in accordance with the voting rules set out in the JOA or UOA. Generally, in all licences and unit

--- Page 23 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 23 - 
47-41044430 
 
agreements on the NCS, no licence holder will hold a majority vote alone and a decision by the management 
committee will therefore require the affirmative voting of at least two or more licence/unit holders. We are 
therefore dependent on other licence/unit holders' voting to progress decision-making in the relevant 
management committees. 
Other participants in our licences may default on their obligations to fund capital or other funding 
obligations in relation to the assets. In such circumstances, we may be required under the terms of the 
relevant operating agreement or otherwise to contribute all or part of such funding shortfall ourselves. We 
may not have the resources to meet these obligations. 
Any disagreement, absence of consent, delay, opposition, breach of agreement, or inability to undertake 
activities or failure to provide funding of the kind identified above could materially adversely affect our 
business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, and therefore our ability to make timely 
payments under the Notes. 
Failure of other licence participants to comply with obligations under the relevant licences pursuant to 
which we operate, may lead to fines, penalties, restrictions and revocation of the licence. Further, the licence 
participants are jointly and severally responsible to the Norwegian government for financial obligations 
arising out of petroleum activities pursuant to such licence. Hence, if one or more of the other licensees 
fails to cover their share of a licence cost (e.g., related to the mandatory work programme or 
decommissioning liability), we can be held liable for such licensee's share of the relevant cost. 
If any of the other licence participants become insolvent or otherwise unable to pay debts as they come due, 
the licence interest awarded to them may be revoked by the relevant government authority which will then 
reallocate the licence interest. Although we anticipate that the relevant government authority may permit 
us to continue operations at a field during a reallocation process, there can be no assurance that we will be 
able to continue operations pursuant to these reclaimed licences or that any transition related to the 
reallocation of the licence would not materially disrupt our operations or development or productions 
schedule. The occurrence of any of the situations described above could materially and adversely affect our 
business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, and therefore our ability to make timely 
payments under the Notes. 
Market conditions may also impair the liquidity situation of contractors and consequently their ability to 
meet their obligations to us. This may in turn impact both project timelines and cost. The incurrence of cost 
overruns or delays could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow 
and financial condition, and therefore our ability to make timely payments under the Notes. 
We are subject to risks relating to capacity constraints and cost inflation in the service sector 
We are, similar to other exploration and production companies, reliant upon services, goods and equipment 
provided by contractors and other companies to carry out our operations. As there are numerous material 
projects to be carried out on the NCS in the years to come, there is a continuing risk of capacity constraints 
and cost inflation in the service sector. If we are unable to obtain the services, goods or equipment necessary 
to carry out our operations (including our current and planned exploration and development projects), or if 
any of our contractors are unable or unwilling to carry out our services or deliver goods or equipment to us 
as planned or otherwise become unable to respect their obligations, become insolvent or otherwise unable 
to pay debts as they come due, our operations or projects may suffer from delays and/or cost increases and 
a subsequent decrease in net production and/or revenue, which may materially adversely affect our business, 
results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, and therefore our ability to make timely payments 
under the Notes. 
We may not have access to necessary infrastructure or capacity booking for the transportation of oil and 
gas 
We are dependent on capacity (whether through pipelines, tankers or otherwise) to transport and sell our 
oil and gas production. We, or the licence group in which we hold an interest, may need to rely on access 
to third-party infrastructure, such as FPSOs and shuttle tankers, to be able to transport produced oil and gas 
(which may also require obtaining approval for construction of pipelines in close proximity to or crossing 
third-party infrastructure or being able to acquire the necessary capacity to transport gas). There can be no 
assurance that we will be able to get access to necessary infrastructure at an economically justifiable cost 
or access necessary infrastructure at all. If access to third-party infrastructure and necessary capacity 
bookings are unavailable or unavailable at an economically justifiable cost, our income relating to the sale

--- Page 24 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 24 - 
47-41044430 
 
of oil and gas may be reduced, which may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, 
cash flow and financial condition, and therefore our ability to make timely payments under the Notes. 
We face risks related to decommissioning activities and related costs 
There are significant uncertainties relating to the estimated costs for decommissioning of our current 
licences including the schedule for removal of each installation and performance of other decommissioning 
activities. The limited examples of decommissioning activities on the NCS increases the uncertainty in 
estimating decommissioning costs and liabilities. No assurance can be given that the anticipated costs and 
time of removal are correct and any deviation from such estimates may have a material adverse effect on 
our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, and therefore our ability to make 
timely payments under the Notes. 
Also, under the Norwegian Petroleum Act, licensees are responsible to the Norwegian government for 
making sure that a decision relating to disposal is carried out, unless otherwise decided by the MPE. Within 
a joint venture, the licensees are: (i) primarily liable to each other on a pro rata basis and (ii) secondarily 
jointly and severally liable for all decommissioning obligations arising by virtue of the joint venture's 
activities. 
For example, a facility where we hold an interest and where significant removal costs may be expected in 
the medium term is the Statfjord A facility, which originally was planned for decommissioning in 2022, but 
where the facility's life now is extended to 2027. In Norway, there is no obligation or tradition for licence 
participants to provide security for their respective share of any decommissioning liabilities ahead of actual 
decommissioning. Hence, if one or more of the other licensees fails to cover its respective share of 
decommissioning costs, we can be held liable for such licensee's share of such costs without the ability to 
rely or draw down on any security a defaulting licensee may have previously provided. Any significant 
increase in decommissioning costs relating to our current or previous licences may materially and adversely 
affect our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, and therefore our ability to 
make timely payments under the Notes. 
We are exposed to political and regulatory risks 
The oil and gas industry in general is subject to extensive government policies and regulations. No 
assurance can be given that new or existing legislation or regulations, or new interpretations of existing 
legislation or regulations, including with respect to the potential imposition of windfall taxes on oil and gas 
companies, joint gas purchasing programmes or commodity price caps, will not result in a curtailment of 
production, delays or a material increase in operating costs and capital expenditure for our activities or 
otherwise adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or prospects. Further, a failure to 
comply with applicable legislation, regulations and conditions or orders issued by the regulatory authorities 
may lead to fines, penalties, restrictions, withdrawal of licences and termination of related agreements, 
which could have the same effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, 
and therefore our ability to make timely payments under the Notes. 
We conduct exploration and development activities in Norway and are dependent on receipt of government 
approvals and permits to develop our assets. The Norwegian Petroleum Act, among other things, sets out 
different criteria for the organisation, competence and financial capability that a licensee at the NCS must 
fulfill at all times. We are qualified to conduct our operations on the NCS, however, there is no assurance 
that future political conditions in Norway will not result in the government adopting new or different 
policies and regulations on exploration, development, operation and ownership of oil and gas, 
environmental protection and labour relations. For example, in April 2020, the Norwegian government 
announced unilateral oil production cuts portioned out to relevant fields via their production licences of 
250,000 barrels a day in June and 134,000 barrels per day in the second half of 2020, and further announced 
that the start-up of production at several fields would be delayed until 2021.  
In addition, we may be unable to obtain or renew required drilling rights, licences, permits and other 
authorisations and these may also be suspended, terminated or revoked prior to their expiration. This may 
affect our ability to undertake exploration and development activities in respect of present and future assets, 
as well as our ability to raise funds for such activities. Also, there can be no assurance that our licences 
granted by the MPE will be extended or will not be revoked in the future. Furthermore, there is a risk that 
the MPE stipulates conditions for any such extension or for not revoking any licences. Lack of 
governmental approvals or permits or delays in receiving such approval may delay our operations, increase 
our costs and liabilities or affect the status of our contractual arrangements or our ability to meet our 
contractual obligations. Any of the above factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, results

--- Page 25 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 25 - 
47-41044430 
 
of operations, cash flow and financial condition, and therefore our ability to make timely payments under 
the Notes. 
Our ability to sell or transfer licence interests may be restricted by provisions in our joint operating 
agreements or applicable legislation 
Our exit strategy in relation to any particular oil and gas interest may be subject to the prior approval of the 
other licence participants pursuant to JOAs, UOAs and approval from the MPE and the Norwegian Ministry 
of Finance (the "MoF"), thus restricting our ability to dispose of, sell or transfer an interest in a production 
licence and make funds available when needed. In addition, the Norwegian state has a pre-emption right 
under the JOA if a licensee has entered into a sale and purchase agreement for the sale of its participating 
interest in a licence, which may discourage bidders in connection with any disposal, sale or transfer. 
If the mandatory work obligations set by the MPE in the licences have not been carried out, assignment of 
our participating interest in a licence is subject to the approval of the management committee in the licence. 
Further, any transfer of a licence interest is subject to approval by the MPE and the MoF. Whether such 
approval will be given may be determined by the stage of the relevant project (whether the licence is in the 
appraisal, development or production phase), outstanding obligations, the potential buyers, political 
conditions in Norway, general considerations of the relevant authorities and applicable policies and 
regulations on exploration, development and operation on the NCS. Further, we may be subject to secondary 
liability for decommissioning costs in relation to licences that have been sold by us if the buyer should 
default on their licence obligations. Any of the above factors may have a material adverse effect on our 
business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, and therefore our ability to make timely 
payments under the Notes. 
We are vulnerable to adverse market perception 
We are vulnerable to adverse market perception as we must display a high level of integrity and maintain 
the trust and confidence of investors and lenders, the other licence participants, public authorities and 
counterparties. Any mismanagement, fraud or failure to satisfy fiduciary or regulatory responsibilities, 
allegations of such activities, or negative publicity resulting from such other activities, or the association 
of any of the above with us could materially adversely affect our reputation and the value of our brand, as 
well as our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, and therefore and our ability 
to make timely payments under the Notes. 
We could incur material costs to comply with, or as a result of liabilities under, health and safety and 
environmental regulations 
All phases of the oil and gas business present environmental risks and hazards and are subject to 
environmental regulation pursuant to a variety of international conventions and directives and federal, 
county and other local laws and regulations. Environmental legislation provides for, among other things, 
restrictions and prohibitions on spills and releases or emissions of various substances produced in 
association with oil and gas operations. This legislation also requires that wells and facility sites are 
operated, maintained, abandoned, and reclaimed to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities. We 
are subject to legislation and regulatory requirements in relation to the emission of carbon dioxide, methane, 
nitrous oxide and other greenhouse gases.  
We are committed to becoming the safest operator on the NCS, which is a value integrated both in our 
culture and our business plans. We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, capital and operating 
costs in an effort to comply with increasingly complex health and safety and environmental laws and 
regulations and to develop and implement robust health safety, environment and quality ("HSEQ") systems 
to enable us to ensure compliance with all applicable requirements as licensee or operator in respect of our 
interests. See "—Our business, results of operations and our ability to make timely payments under the 
Notes may be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic or other similar pandemics". A breach of any 
such legislation or requirements may result in the imposition of fines and penalties, some of which may be 
material, in addition to loss of reputation. Environmental legislation and regulations are evolving in a 
manner expected to result in stricter standards and enforcement, larger fines and liability and potentially 
increased capital expenditures and operating costs. The discharge of oil, gas or other pollutants into the air, 
soil or water may give rise to material liabilities to the Norwegian state, foreign governments and third 
parties and may require us to incur material costs to remedy such discharge. No assurance can be given that 
environmental laws or regulations will not result in a curtailment or shut down of production or a material 
increase in the costs of production, development or exploration activities or otherwise materially adversely

--- Page 26 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 26 - 
47-41044430 
 
affect our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, and therefore our ability to 
make timely payments under the Notes. 
Furthermore, environmental concerns relating to the oil and gas industry's operating practices are expected 
to increasingly influence government regulation and consumption patterns which favour cleaner burning 
fuels such as gas. Future compliance with existing emissions legislation or any future emissions legislation 
could adversely affect our profitability. Future legislative initiatives designed to reduce the consumption of 
hydrocarbons could also have an impact on our ability to market our oil and gas and the prices which we 
are able to obtain, which in turn may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow and 
financial condition, and therefore our ability to make timely payments under the Notes. We have been 
operating in the oil and gas business for many years. While we are not currently aware of any pollution or 
environmental liabilities that are expected to be material in relation to our operations on the NCS, we may 
potentially be subject to various liabilities such as pollution and environmental liabilities related to our 
business. 
We face the risk of litigation or other proceedings in relation to our business 
We face the risk of litigation and other proceedings in relation to our business. Given the nature of our 
business, there is a risk that we may incur costs related to changes to, or stricter enforcement of, regulations, 
or claims brought by third parties or governmental agencies in relation to climate litigation. One example, 
a recent landmark decision of the Dutch courts in a claim against Shell plc, has highlighted the risk of 
corporate climate change litigation. The Dutch court ordered Shell plc to cut its emissions by 45 per cent. 
by 2030 compared to 2019 levels. The Dutch court made use of the content of international conventions as 
an element to be considered in the analysis of the "unwritten standard of care" of the Civil Code of the 
Netherlands. While the decision was based on Dutch law and is subject to appeal, the success of the claim 
has created a legal template for future claimants looking to hold private corporations accountable for the 
impact of their direct and indirect carbon emissions. The outcome of such litigation or proceedings can 
affect our reputation, disrupt our campaigns or programmes or otherwise negatively impact our business, 
prospects, financial condition and/or results of operations, and therefore our ability to make timely 
payments under the Notes. 
Our operations in the Barents Sea expose us to additional and operational environmental risks  
We hold licence acreage in the Barents Sea, including interests in the Goliat and Johan Castberg fields, and 
discoveries in potential future development sites such as Alke, Snøfonn Nord, Skavl Stø, Isflak, Countah, 
Lupa and Rødhette. In addition, we hold exploration licences that are subject to exploration and appraisal 
drilling, which may result in new discoveries which could later be developed. 
Drilling within the Barents Sea presents a unique operating environment characterised by remoteness, the 
lack of ancillary supporting infrastructure, extended periods of darkness and cold and hurricane strength 
storms. These factors may increase operating costs and may increase the risk of incidents resulting from 
our operations in the Barents Sea. In addition, parts of the Barents Sea are ecologically sensitive, such as 
the northern Norwegian coast, and any spills or other environmental incidents that may occur could result 
in increased response and remedial costs and other liabilities. Any spills in the eastern section of the Barents 
Sea may also cross the border into Russian waters, which may expose us to responsibilities and liability 
pursuant to relevant Russian legislation. Moreover, Lloyds of London, the world's leading insurance market, 
is primarily responsible for underwriting and could potentially limit our ability to procure OEE in arctic 
environments as part of an effort to reduce such insurance activities, as published in the 2020 Lloyds ESG 
report. In addition, environmental nongovernmental organisations ("NGOs") may oppose drilling in the 
Barents Sea. These NGOs could initiate legal or other actions that may delay our exploration and production 
activities in this area. See "—Climate change and climate change legislation and regulatory initiatives 
could adversely affect our business and ongoing operations". Any of the above factors could have a material 
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, financial condition and prospects, and 
therefore our ability to make timely payments under the Notes. 
Climate change and climate change legislation and regulatory initiatives could adversely affect our 
business and ongoing operations 
Our business and results of operations could be adversely affected by climate change and the adoption of 
new climate change laws, policies and regulations. Growing concerns about climate change and greenhouse 
gas emissions have led to the adoption of various regulations and policies, including the Paris Agreement 
negotiated at the 2015 United Nations Conference on Climate Change (the "Paris Agreement"), which 
requires participating nations to reduce carbon emissions in line with a future consistent with a temperature 
increase of no more than 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels. Furthermore, future global policy

--- Page 27 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 27 - 
47-41044430 
 
may be further influenced by recent reports from organisations such the International Energy Agency, who 
published their May 2021 "Net Zero by 2050" report, which highlights a large reduction in oil production 
as part of the mix of energy sources over the next two decades and proposes that no new oil and gas fields 
should be approved beyond projects already committed as of 2021. 
As a further example, in June 2022 the Norwegian government announced a "roadmap for a green industrial 
boost." In order to achieve goals of CO2 emission reduction of more than 50 per cent. during this decade, 
the Norwegian government has targeted a variety of measures across seven priority areas: offshore wind, 
hydrogen, the development of a value chain for battery use, carbon capture and storage ("CCS"), a clean 
and energy effective process industry, the development of a green maritime industry and the use of bio-
resources for energy production. 
These drivers could potentially impact our financial position in two principle ways. Firstly, higher carbon 
taxes and carbon costs may impact our business if we are unable to achieve our sustainability ambitions 
and targets. Secondly, global efforts to respond to the challenges of climate change may have an impact on 
the value of the price of oil and gas moving forward, as countries increasingly shift toward alternative 
energy sources, which may in turn impact our revenues in the long term if we are unable to maintain a low 
break-even price. 
In addition, within our primary operating jurisdiction, multiple plans have also been proposed in the 
Norwegian Parliament to reduce carbon emissions from companies operating in certain sectors, including 
the oil and gas industry. For example, in June 2017, the Norwegian Parliament passed legislation that seeks 
to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from 1990 levels by at least 40 per cent. by 2030. In February 2020, 
the Norwegian government presented updated goals to the UN in accordance with the Paris Agreement, 
with the aim of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 50 per cent. to 55 per cent. (compared to 1990 levels) 
by 2030. Further, the current goal is to reduce emissions by 90 per cent. to 95 per cent. (compared to 1990 
levels) by 2050, with the intention of becoming a low-emission society. The Norwegian government also 
has a "zero emission vision" for the transport sector, and continues to stimulate the development of zero 
and low emission shipping solutions. In addition, the Norwegian government has announced its intention 
to phase out the sale of fossil fuel powered vehicles for personal use in favour of electric vehicles by 2025. 
The emission reduction strategies and other provisions of Norwegian climate change law, the Paris 
Agreement or similar legislative or regulatory initiatives enacted in the future, could adversely impact our 
business by imposing increased costs in the form of taxes or for the purchase of emission allowances, 
limiting our ability to develop new oil and gas reserves, decreasing the value of our assets, impacting 
revenue if demand for hydrocarbons and refined petroleum products decreases significantly. 
Additionally, many scientists have concluded that increasing concentrations of greenhouse gases in the 
Earth's atmosphere may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased 
frequency and severity of storms, droughts, floods and other climatic events. Our offshore operations are 
particularly at risk from severe climatic events. If any such climate changes were to occur, they could have 
an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and ultimately our ability to make timely 
payments under the Notes. 
As climate change issues become more pronounced, we may correspondingly face increased expectations 
from our stakeholders to take actions beyond existing regulatory requirements to minimise our impact on 
the environment and mitigate climate change related effects. We have announced commitments to various 
emissions reductions targets and other climate change goals, including operational targets of net zero 
emissions (which includes Scope 1 and 2 emissions) by 2030, but there is no assurance that such 
commitments will be sufficient for our stakeholders. 
To meet these additional targets, we may need to continue to deploy additional equipment, introduce process 
changes, utilise alternative suppliers and materials, use certified and internationally recognised offsetting 
measures, and take other similar actions, some or all of which may require us to incur additional costs which 
could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our financial position. In addition, 
if we fail to meet these expectations, or foster additional sustainability initiatives, we may experience 
reputational risk which could impact our ability to attract and retain customers, employees, lenders and 
investors.

--- Page 28 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 28 - 
47-41044430 
 
Our insurance may not provide sufficient funds to protect us from losses or liabilities that could result 
from our operations 
Oil and gas exploration, development and production operations are subject to all the risks and hazards 
typically associated with such operations, including, but not limited to, fires, explosions, blowouts and oil 
spills, each of which could result in substantial damage to oil and gas wells, production facilities, other 
property and the environment, or result in personal injury and business interruption. 
Although we maintain liability insurance that we consider adequate and consistent with industry standards, 
the nature of these risks is such that liabilities could materially exceed policy limits or not be insured at all, 
in which event we could incur significant costs that could have an adverse effect on our business, results of 
operations, cash flows, financial condition, prospects and ultimately our ability to make timely payments 
under the Notes.  
Our oil and gas production could vary significantly from reported reserves and resources 
The reserves data set forth in this Base Prospectus represent estimates only. In addition, a portion of the 
contingent resources data set forth in this Base Prospectus represent management's estimates. The standards 
utilised to prepare the commercial reserves and contingent resources information that has been included in 
this Base Prospectus are different from the standards of reporting adopted in other jurisdictions. Investors, 
therefore, should not assume that the data found in the reserves and resources information set forth in this 
Base Prospectus is directly comparable to similar information that has been prepared in accordance with 
the reserve and resource reporting standards of other jurisdictions. 
In general, estimates of economically recoverable oil reserves and resources are based on a number of 
factors and assumptions made as of the date on which the reserves estimates were determined, such as 
geological and engineering estimates (which have inherent uncertainties), historical production from our 
fields, the assumed effects of regulation by governmental agencies and estimates of future commodity 
prices and operating costs, all of which may vary considerably from actual results. 
Underground accumulations of hydrocarbons cannot be measured in an exact manner and estimates thereof 
are a subjective process aimed at understanding the statistical probabilities of recovery. Estimates of the 
quantity of economically recoverable oil and gas reserves, rates of production and the timing of 
development expenditures depend upon several variables and assumptions, including the following: 
• 
production history compared with production from other comparable producing areas; 
• 
quality and quantity of available data; 
• 
access to production profiles and economic models supplied by third parties; 
• 
interpretation of the available geological and geophysical data; 
• 
effects of regulations adopted by governmental agencies; 
• 
future percentages of international sales; 
• 
future oil prices; 
• 
capital investments; 
• 
timeliness of the commencement and completion of production phases; 
• 
effectiveness of the applied technologies and equipment; 
• 
renewals of licences beyond their stated expiry dates; 
• 
future operating costs, tax on the extraction of commercial minerals, development costs and 
workover and remedial costs; and 
• 
the judgement of the persons preparing the estimate.

--- Page 29 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 29 - 
47-41044430 
 
As all reserve estimates are subjective, each of the following items may differ materially from those 
assumed in estimating reserves: 
• 
the quantities and qualities that are ultimately recovered; 
• 
the timing of the recovery of oil and gas reserves; 
• 
the production and operating costs incurred; 
• 
the amount and timing of additional exploration and future development expenditures; and 
• 
future hydrocarbon sales prices. 
Many of the factors in respect of which assumptions are made when estimating reserves are beyond our 
control and therefore these estimates may prove to be incorrect over time. Evaluations of reserves 
necessarily involve multiple uncertainties. The accuracy of any reserves or resources evaluation depends 
on the quality of available information and oil and gas engineering and geological interpretation. Drilling, 
interpretation, testing and production after the date of the estimates may require substantial upward or 
downward revisions in our reserves or resources data. Moreover, different reserve engineers may make 
different estimates of reserves and cash flows based on the same available data. Actual production, revenues 
and expenditures with respect to reserves and resources will vary from estimates and the variances may be 
material. 
The uncertainties in relation to the estimation of reserves summarised above also exist with respect to the 
estimation of resources. The probability that contingent resources will be economically recoverable is 
considerably lower than for commercial reserves. Volumes and values associated with contingent resources 
should be considered with higher uncertainty than volumes and values associated with reserves. 
If the assumptions upon which the estimates of our oil and gas reserves and resources have been based 
prove to be incorrect or if the actual reserves or recoverable resources available to us are otherwise less 
than the current estimates or of lesser quality than expected, we may be unable to recover and produce the 
estimated levels or quality of oil and gas set out in this Base Prospectus and this may materially and 
adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations, and therefore our 
ability to make timely payments under the Notes. 
We may be unable to dispose of assets on commercially viable terms and may be required to retain 
liabilities for certain matters 
We regularly review our asset base to assess the market value versus holding value of existing assets, with 
a view to optimising deployed capital. Our ability to dispose of assets, including infrastructure such as 
electrification infrastructure or oil and gas pipelines, could be affected by various factors, including the 
availability of purchasers willing to purchase such assets at prices acceptable to us. Sellers typically retain 
certain liabilities or agree to indemnify buyers for certain matters and to divest certain assets we may 
provide an indemnity to a buyer. The magnitude of any such retained liability or indemnification obligation 
may be difficult to quantify at the time of the transaction and ultimately may be material. Also, third parties 
may be unwilling to release us from guarantees or other credit support provided prior to the sale of the 
divested assets. As a result, after a sale, we may remain secondarily liable for the obligations guaranteed or 
supported to the extent that the buyer of the assets fails to perform these obligations. For example, we may 
be required to make milestone payments to the previous owners of certain of our assets upon achieving first 
oil. 
Accounting policies may result in non-cash charges and impairments considered unfavourably by the 
market 
IFRS and the Norwegian Accounting Act require that management apply certain accounting policies and 
make certain estimates and assumptions, which affect reported amounts in our consolidated financial 
statements. The accounting policies may result in non-cash charges to net income and material impairments 
of net assets in our financial statements. Such non-cash charges and impairments may impact our dividend 
capacity in an adverse manner and may furthermore be viewed unfavourably by the market and 
consequently result in an inability to borrow funds and/or may result in a significant decline in the trading 
price of our shares, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, 
cash flows, financial condition, prospects and ultimately our ability to make timely payments under the 
Notes.

--- Page 30 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 30 - 
47-41044430 
 
We may not be successful in attracting and retaining sufficiently skilled employees 
The successful development and performance of our business depends on our ability to attract and retain 
skilled professionals with appropriate experience and expertise. We require skilled personnel in areas 
including exploration and development, operations, engineering, business development, oil and gas 
marketing, finance, legal and accounting. Given the competitive market in which we operate, there can be 
no assurance that we will successfully attract new personnel or retain existing personnel required to 
continue to operate our business and to successfully execute and implement our business strategy. 
Attracting and retaining additional key personnel will assist in the expansion of our business and the loss 
of key employees could also have a material negative effect on our business. We face significant 
competition for skilled personnel and there can be no assurance that we will have access to sufficiently 
skilled and experienced professionals. This may be particularly evident for our offshore activities, where 
the location of our production facilities and shift work arrangements associated with offshore work, may 
negatively affect our ability to attract the necessary employment resources, as skilled personnel may be 
reluctant to take on such assignments. 
Additionally, there is no assurance that we will successfully attract and retain personnel required to continue 
to expand our business and to execute our business strategy successfully. Failure to attract or retain such 
employees could result in the inability to maintain the appropriate technological standard or take advantage 
of new opportunities that may arise, which may in turn lead to a subsequent decline in competitiveness and 
could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, financial condition and 
ultimately our ability to make timely payments under the Notes. 
If we fail to identify appropriate acquisition targets or integrate acquisitions successfully, our future 
growth and performance could be adversely affected 
We have historically undertaken a number of acquisitions of oil and gas assets (or the acquisition of 
companies holding such assets) including, but not limited to, the acquisition from ExxonMobil of its 
partner-operated upstream assets in Norway in 2019. 
In addition, we may from time to time consider acquisition opportunities, including seeking to maintain or 
increase our commercial reserves and contingent resources. Competition for the acquisition of any such 
assets may be intense and, as a result, we may be unable to acquire such assets on commercially acceptable 
terms, or at all. In addition, there can be no assurance that any potential acquisition will be successful and 
any unsuccessful acquisition could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow and 
financial condition. In addition, the due diligence process for any acquisition is inherently subjective. If our 
due diligence investigation with respect to an acquisition fails to identify material information, we may 
later be forced to write-down or write-off the value of certain assets, modify our business plan or incur 
impairment or other charges. 
Following any acquisition, our future growth and performance will depend in part on our ability to manage 
growth effectively, including, but not limited to, our ability to complete the successful integration of 
acquisitions. For example, the merger of Point Resources and Eni Norge that resulted in the establishment 
of the Issuer required the strategic integration of the legacy systems and management procedures of both 
companies. The success of any potential acquisitions will partly depend, among other factors, on our ability 
to integrate future acquisitions, to adequately manage the number of employees and to implement technical 
solutions including IT systems and software and operational efficiency. Any failure to successfully grow 
our operations, and/or to manage such growth, could have a materially adverse effect on our business, 
results of operations, cash flow, financial condition and ultimately our ability to make timely payments 
under the Notes. 
Our development projects require substantial capital expenditures. We may be unable to obtain needed 
capital or financing on satisfactory terms, which could lead to a decline in our oil and gas reserves 
We make and expect to continue to make substantial capital expenditures in our business for the 
development, production and acquisition of oil and natural gas reserves. We intend to finance the majority 
of our future capital expenditures with cash flow from operations and borrowings under our revolving credit 
facility and other debt facilities. Our cash flows from operations and access to capital are subject to a 
number of variables which we do not control, including: 
• 
our proved reserves; 
• 
the level of oil and natural gas we are able to produce from existing wells;

--- Page 31 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 31 - 
47-41044430 
 
• 
the price at which our oil and gas are sold;  
• 
our ability to acquire, locate and produce new reserves; and 
• 
general market conditions. 
Our current funding restricts our ability to obtain certain types of new financing. If additional capital is 
needed, we may not be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing. If cash generated by operations 
or cash available under our revolving credit facility or other debt facilities is not sufficient to meet our 
capital requirements, the failure to obtain additional financing could result in a curtailment of our operations 
relating to development of our prospects, which in turn could lead to a decline in our oil and natural gas 
reserves, or if it is not possible to cancel or stop a project, us being legally obliged to carry out the project 
contrary to our desire or with negative impact on our business. Further, we may fail to make required cash 
calls and breach licence obligations, which could lead to adverse consequences, see "—Our exploration 
and production operations are dependent on our compliance with obligations under licences, joint 
operating agreements and field development plans". All of the above could adversely affect our production, 
revenues and results of operations as well as have an adverse effect on our ability to service our debt. 
Changes in foreign exchange rates may affect our results of operations and financial position 
We are exposed to market fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. Foreign exchange fluctuations have an 
impact on our business upon the settlement of transactions denominated in currencies other than the 
functional currency of the relevant transacting entity and the revaluation of working capital and loan 
balances to the prevailing exchange rate, at the balance sheet date where those monetary assets and 
liabilities are held in currencies other than the functional currencies of our reporting entities. Our exchange 
rate risk largely derives from the fact that our income is denominated in U.S. dollars for the sale of crude 
oil and NGL and euro, and to a lesser degree Pound Sterling, for the sale of gas, while most of our costs are 
denominated in NOK. However, given the strong historical correlation between commodity prices and 
USD/NOK and EUR/NOK exchange rates, we benefit from a natural hedging effect which significantly 
decreases our exposure to fluctuations in the USD/NOK and EUR/NOK exchange rates assuming a 
continued strong correlation. For particular foreign exchange rate exposures, we also implement hedging 
for tax payments on a case-by-case basis. 
Tax disputes could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial 
condition 
We are involved from time to time in certain tax disputes with the Norwegian tax authorities, in particular 
with respect to internal pricing. Although we believe our internal pricing is accurate, from time to time 
competent tax authorities have disagreed, and may in the future disagree, with our internal pricing. We 
believe that we have made appropriate accruals in our financial statements for such disagreements and 
challenges. 
Our digital infrastructure systems may be subject to intentional and unintentional disruption, and our 
confidential information may be misappropriated, stolen or misused, which could adversely impact our 
business and reputation 
We could be a target of cyber-attacks designed to penetrate our network security or the security of our 
digital infrastructure, misappropriate proprietary information, commit financial fraud and/or cause 
interruptions to our activities, including a reduction or halt in our production. Such attacks could include 
hackers obtaining access to our systems, the introduction of malicious computer code or denial of service 
attacks. If an actual or perceived breach of our network security occurs, it could adversely affect our 
business or reputation, and may expose us to the loss of information, litigation and possible liability. Such 
a security breach could also divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel. In addition, such 
a security breach could impair our ability to operate our business and provide products and services to our 
customers. If this happens, our reputation could be harmed, our revenues could decline and our business 
could suffer. 
In addition, confidential information that we maintain may be subject to misappropriation, theft and 
deliberate or unintentional misuse by current or former employees, third-party contractors or other parties 
who have had access to such information. Any such misappropriation and/or misuse of our information 
could result in us, among other things, being in breach of certain data protection and related legislation. We 
expect that we will need to continue closely monitoring the accessibility and use of confidential information 
in our business, educate our employees and third-party contractors about the risks and consequences of any

--- Page 32 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 32 - 
47-41044430 
 
misuse of confidential information and, to the extent necessary, pursue legal or other remedies to enforce 
our policies and deter future misuse. 
We collect, store and use personal data in the ordinary course of our business operations, and are therefore 
subject to data protection legislation (including the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) (the 
"GDPR")). Non-compliance or technical defects resulting in a leak or the misuse of such data could result 
in fines, damage to our reputation and/or otherwise harm our business, and therefore our ability to service 
our obligations under the Notes. 
We are exposed to losses on our operated and partner-operated assets 
We are the operator for several of our licences, including but not limited to those in the Goliat, Balder / 
Ringhorne and Marulk fields. Although the operatorship is generally performed based on a "no gain, no 
loss" principle, the other licence participants are provided with audit rights and other rights that may 
ultimately inflict losses on us as an operator should we be found not to have managed the operatorship in 
compliance with relevant requirements. For our partner-operated assets, we are exposed to losses under 
JOAs that require each partner to share any deficits, on a joint and several basis, should a partner enter 
bankruptcy or otherwise refuse to pay its obligations. The incurrence of such losses could have a material 
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition, and therefore our 
ability to service our obligations under the Notes. 
Availability of drilling equipment and other required equipment and access restrictions may affect our 
operations 
Oil and gas exploration and development activities are dependent on the availability of specialised 
equipment, including, but not limited to, drilling and related equipment in the particular areas where such 
activities will be conducted. From time to time the demand for limited equipment may be high or access 
restrictions will affect the availability and cost of such equipment, and from time to time may delay 
exploration and development activities. As an example, partly due to significant challenges with delivery 
of equipment during the COVID-19 pandemic, the Balder X project was delayed, causing increased costs. 
If any of these risks materialise, they may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of 
operations, cash flow and financial condition, and therefore our ability to service our obligations under the 
Notes. 
We may not have good title to all our assets and licences 
There can be no assurance that we have good title to all our assets and the rights to explore for, develop and 
produce oil and gas from our assets. Moreover, our predecessors from which we acquired our interests in 
our assets may not have had good title to those interests.  
There may be disputes concerning the validity of our production and exploration licences in the NCS. 
Changing regulatory and environmental conditions may create disputes with the NPD in Norway or other 
oil and gas companies with operations in the NCS.  
We may experience conflicts of interest 
There are potential conflicts of interest to which the directors, officers and principal shareholders may be 
subject to in connection with our operations. Some of our directors, officers and principal shareholders are 
or may become engaged in other oil and gas interests (including interests relating to oil and gas services) 
on their own behalf and/or on behalf of other companies resulting in a conflict of interest and situations 
may arise where the directors and officers will be in direct competition with us. Such conflicts, if any, will 
be subject to the procedures and remedies under Norwegian company law, petroleum law and general 
Norwegian law, but may not prevent adverse effects for us with regard to such conflicts. Our directors, 
officers and principal shareholders may not devote their time on a full-time basis to our affairs as a result 
of such conflicts.  
As of 31 December 2022, Eni International B.V. wholly owned 63.08 per cent. of shares and voting rights 
in the Issuer. This substantial shareholder may exert significant influence on the shareholders' voting result, 
on the election of Board of Directors members and on other decisions affecting the Issuer. Currently, Eni 
International B.V. appoints four members of our Board of Directors. In addition, certain members of our 
Board of Directors and senior management own collectively, directly and indirectly, a significant part of 
the outstanding share capital of the Issuer, and are therefore able to influence the decision making of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 33 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 33 - 
47-41044430 
 
The third-party ESG assessment referenced in this Base Prospectus may not accurately reflect our risks 
based on environmental, social and governance matters. Any actual or perceived lack of transparency 
or underperformance regarding ESG matters as a result of increasing scrutiny and changing 
expectations from investors, lender and other market participants may adversely affect the value of the 
securities 
The impact of our ESG-related risks and practices, including with respect to various environmental, social 
and governance matters in our business and in the local communities in which we operate, has been and 
will continue to be independently assessed by non-accredited ratings organisations and various stakeholders 
in the ESG community. These rating agencies and stakeholders may not view our ESG policies as being 
sufficiently transparent or consistent with their performance standards or goals. If this view were shared in 
the broader ESG community, our reputation could be damaged which, in certain cases, could effectively 
limit our access to capital markets and result in scrutiny regarding our commitment to ESG principles and 
standards. In addition, ESG ratings may vary among the different ESG ratings organisations and are subject 
to differing methodologies, assumptions and priorities used by such organisations to assess ESG 
performance and risks. As a result, our ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of our current or future 
operating or financial performance, our commitment to ESG standards and principles, or any future ability 
to service the Notes and are only current as of the dates on which they were issued. In addition, individual 
company ratings may be based on only publicly available information and in other cases may be based on 
information supplied by the relevant companies. As such, the quality of information in respect of each 
company included in our rankings may not be comparable and there may therefore be limitations on the 
utility of these rankings. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such 
ESG rating information contained in this Base Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment decision. 
Moreover, ESG ratings are not a recommendation by us or any other entity or person to buy, sell or hold 
the Notes. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
In the event that, as a result of a change in law or regulation, the Issuer would be obliged to increase the 
amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Norway or any political subdivision thereof or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, and such obligation cannot be avoided by reasonable 
measures, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the Final Terms specify that the Notes are 
redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances, the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes 
at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances an investor may not be 
able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that 
of the Notes and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. An optional redemption feature is 
likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the 
Notes, the market value of the Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can 
be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
The Notes are new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is currently no active 
trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and 
form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). Although applications have been 
made for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market there can be no assurance that such application will 
be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted, or that an active trading market will 
develop or, if developed, that it will continue. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. If the Notes 
are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending 
upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the 
financial condition of the Issuer.

--- Page 34 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 34 - 
47-41044430 
 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the issue of Notes. 
The rating may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed in this section, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. Similarly, 
in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, 
which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.  
Modifications and waiver, substitution 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
The Conditions also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree (i) to any 
modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions 
of the Notes, the Conditions or the Trust Deed without the consent of the Noteholders, (ii) that any Event 
of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such or (iii) to the substitution of another 
company in place of the Issuer provided certain conditions are fulfilled. 
Subject to and in accordance with Conditions 7(f) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR 
(Screen Rate Determination)) and 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), in certain 
circumstances the Trustee shall be obliged to consent to certain changes to the interest calculation of 
Floating Rate Notes, without the consent of Noteholders. In addition, pursuant to Conditions 7(f) (Interest 
– Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination)) and 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement 
(Independent Adviser)), certain changes may be made to the interest calculation provisions of the Floating 
Rate Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in such Condition, without the requirement for 
consent of the Noteholders or the Trustee. 
Accordingly, there is a risk that the terms of the Notes, the Conditions or the Trust Deed may be modified, 
waived or amended in circumstances where a Noteholder does not agree to such modification, waiver or 
amendment, which may adversely impact the rights of such Noteholder. 
Notes with integral multiples 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may 
be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of 
the minimum Specified Denomination. Noteholders who, as a result of trading such amounts, hold a 
principal amount of Notes other than a multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination will receive 
definitive Notes in respect of their holding (provided that the aggregate amount of Notes they hold is in 
excess of the minimum Specified Denomination), however, any such definitive Notes which are printed in 
denominations other than the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Furthermore, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should

--- Page 35 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 35 - 
47-41044430 
 
definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, holders 
of the Notes will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the 
Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Bearer Global Notes or Global 
Registered Notes (together the "Global Notes") (as the case may be). Such Global Notes will be deposited 
with a common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, holders of the Notes will 
not be entitled to receive definitive Notes or, in the case of Global Registered Notes, Individual Note 
Certificates. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the 
Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, holders of the Notes will be 
able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their 
participants. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its payment 
obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or common safekeeper, as the 
case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder 
of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for 
the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies.  
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially 
adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, it will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the imposition 
of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those 
Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the currency specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the "Specified Currency"). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor’s Currency") 
other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) 
and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would 
decrease: (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes; (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent 
value of the principal payable on the Notes; and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the 
Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect 
of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
Interest Rate Risks 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 36 - 
47-41044430 
 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory 
discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to 
be implemented. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of 
input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. The EU Benchmarks Regulation or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes linked to 
EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More 
broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in 
the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may 
have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain 
"benchmarks", trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the 
discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced 
that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free 
overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of 
financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro 
risk-free rates recommended €STR as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for 
the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to comply 
with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its 
current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions 
(as further described in Conditions 7(f) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate 
Determination)) and 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser))), or result in adverse 
consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose 
interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, 
even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative rates and as to 
potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant 
Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on 
the same benchmark. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark, such as EURIBOR (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any 
other successor service)), becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event 
(each as defined in the Conditions), as applicable, otherwise occurs. Such an event may be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the issue date for a Series of Notes. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility 
that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such 
successor rate or alternative rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a 
relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement 
of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this 
objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment 
of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain circumstances the 
ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as

--- Page 37 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 37 - 
47-41044430 
 
defined in the Conditions) in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms or arising 
from the possible cessation or reform of certain rates in making any investment decision with respect to 
any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be 
able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the Conditions 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser is unable, to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread, 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the Conditions, the Reference Rate 
applicable to the relevant Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate applicable as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date. If there has not been a First Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall 
be the Reference Rate that would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date. 
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will result in Notes linked to or 
referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of 
Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate could be determined. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest 
applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark 
Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the Floating Rate Notes, in effect, becoming 
Fixed Rate Notes. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall 
be determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Where the Floating Rate Option specified is an "IBOR" Floating Rate Option, the Rate of Interest may be 
determined by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from 
certain banks. If the relevant IBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations 
from banks (as applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to 
the Rate of Interest that would be applicable, and may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the 
Floating Rate Notes.  
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such SONIA, SOFR and €STR, as reference rates for Eurobonds 
continues to develop. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the development and 
adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how 
widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under 
this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA 
Compounded Index, SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index or €STR that differ materially in terms of 
interest determination when compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme. The 
development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under 
this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption

--- Page 38 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 38 - 
47-41044430 
 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free 
rate notes issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the Conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, 
market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-
free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure 
the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are 
overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to 
be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates 
may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from EURIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material 
respects and have a limited history 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. 
The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior 
observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as 
correlations, may change in the future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an 
indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in 
Notes which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable 
on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their 
IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes 
linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as 
a result of an Event of Default under Condition 14 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on 
a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest Rate payable in respect of such Notes 
shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the 
Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices may make changes that could 
change the value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
or any related index 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their 
successors) as administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and the SOFR 
Compounded Index) or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change 
the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such 
risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices. In addition, 
the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
or any related index (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will 
apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, 
adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion 
of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change 
of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating

--- Page 39 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 39 - 
47-41044430 
 
rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect 
the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities.

--- Page 40 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 40 - 
47-41044430 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, 
this Base Prospectus:  
1. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2020, together with the accompanying notes and auditors' report (the "2020 Audited Financial 
Statements"), as set out on pages 1 to 72 therein, which can be found on the website of the Issuer 
at the following link: 
https://s29.q4cdn.com/674042470/files/doc_financials/2020/ar/03/23028_IFRS-2020_USD-and-
audit-opinion.pdf; 
2. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2021, together with the accompanying notes and auditors' report (the "2021 Audited Financial 
Statements", and together with the 2020 Audited Financial Statements, the “Audited Financial 
Statements”), as set out on pages 62 to 129 of the Issuer’s Annual Report 2021, which can be 
found on the website of the Issuer at the following link: 
https://varenergi.no/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/Va per cent.CC per cent.8Ar-Energi-Annual-
report-2021-web-v2.pdf;  
3. 
the consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer as of 30 September 2022  and for the 
nine months ended 30 September 2022 (the "Q3 2022 Interim Financial Statements"), as set out 
on pages 27 to 55 of the Issuer’s Third Quarter 2022 Interim Report, which can be found on the 
website of the Issuer at the following link: 
https://s29.q4cdn.com/674042470/files/doc_financials/2022/q3/221025_Va per cent.CC per 
cent.8ArEnergi_Q3-vF.pdf; 
4. 
the consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the three and twelve month 
periods ended 31 December 2022 (the "Q4 2022 Interim Financial Statements"), as set out on 
pages 24 to 53 of the Issuer’s Fourth Quarter 2022 Interim Report, which can be found on the 
website of the Issuer at the following link: 
https://s29.q4cdn.com/674042470/files/doc_news/att-1-Vr-Energi-ASA-Q4-2022-and-Capital-
Markets-Update-2023.pdf;  
5. 
the annual statement of reserves of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the “Annual 
Statement of Reserves”), which can be found on the website of the Issuer at the following link: 
https://s29.q4cdn.com/674042470/files/doc_financials/2022/ar/0684v00000bVeVMAA0.pdf; and 
6. 
the articles of association of the Issuer (incorporated for information purposes and in force from 
15 February 2022), which can be found on the website of the Issuer at the following link: 
https://s29.q4cdn.com/674042470/files/doc_downloads/2022/04/220410_Articles-of-
Association-Va per cent.CC per cent.8Ar-Energi-ASA.pdf. 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge, at the registered office of the Issuer and from the principal 
office in Luxembourg of BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch (the "Luxembourg Listing Agent") and 
will also be published on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.bourse.lu). Any information 
contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which is not included in 
the cross-reference list in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
Supplements 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any 
such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent

--- Page 41 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 41 - 
47-41044430 
 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to supersede statements contained 
in this Base Prospectus (or any earlier supplement) or in a document which is incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes. 
Cross Reference List 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for the information incorporated by reference herein. 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
Issuer’s 
2020 
Audited 
Financial 
Statements 
 
 
 
Independent Auditor's Report 
1-2 
 
Consolidated statements of comprehensive 
income 
5 
 
Consolidated balance sheet statement 
6-7 
 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
8 
 
Consolidated statements of cash flow 
9 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
10-72 
 
 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
Issuer’s Annual Report 2021 
 
 
Consolidated 
statement 
of 
comprehensive 
income 
62 
Consolidated balance sheet statement 
63-64 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
65 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
66 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
67-102 
Auditor's report 
125-129 
 
 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
Issuer’s Third Quarter 2022 Interim 
Report 
 
 
 
Unaudited 
consolidated 
statement 
of 
comprehensive income 
27 
 
Unaudited consolidated balance sheet statement 
28-29 
 
Unaudited consolidated statement of changes in 
equity 
30 
 
Unaudited consolidated statement of cash flows 
31-32 
 
Notes 
33-55 
 
 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
Issuer’s Fourth Quarter 2022 Interim 
Report 
 
 
 
Unaudited 
consolidated 
statement 
of 
comprehensive income 
24 
 
Unaudited consolidated balance sheet statement 
25-26

--- Page 42 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 42 - 
47-41044430 
 
 
Unaudited consolidated statement of changes in 
equity 
27 
 
Unaudited consolidated statement of cash flows 
28-29 
 
Notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated 
financial statements 
30-53 
 
 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
Annual Statement of Reserves 2022 
Entire document 
 — 
 
 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
Articles of association of the Issuer 
Entire document 
 —

--- Page 43 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 43 - 
47-41044430 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Historical financial information 
This Base Prospectus includes financial information derived from the following financial statements of Vår 
Energi ASA (the "Issuer"), previously named Vår Energi AS, incorporated by reference herein (see 
"Information incorporated by reference"): 
• 
the Audited Financial Statements, that have each been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers AS, as 
stated in their auditor's reports, incorporated by reference herein, which were unqualified;  
• 
the Q3 2022 Interim Financial Statements; and 
• 
the Q4 2022 Interim Financial Statements. 
The Audited Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted by the European Union ("IFRS"). The Q3 2022 Interim Financial Statements and the 
Q4 2022 Interim Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting 
Standards 34, Interim Financial Reporting ("IAS 34"). 
Restatement of certain financial information for the year ended 31 December 2022 and for the nine 
month period ended 30 September 2022 
Restatement of interest paid in cash flow statement 
During the second quarter of 2022, we adjusted accounting principles relating to the presentation of interest 
payments in our cash flow statement. In prior reporting periods, interest payments were classified as cash 
outflows from operational activities for the purposes of our cash flow statement; from the second quarter 
of 2022, interest payments have been reclassified as cash outflows from financing activities. For more 
information and a summary of figures from prior periods that have been restated, see Note 1 to the Q4 2022 
Interim Financial Statements. 
Restatement of over/underlift of NGL lifted at the Kårstø terminal 
During the second quarter of 2022, we updated the calculation of over/underlift of natural gas liquids 
("NGL") lifted at the Kårstø terminal due to data quality considerations in the allocation of liftings. 
Over/underlift of NGL lifted at the Kårstø terminal is now recognised at the net position of the company's 
total portfolio, whereas this was previously calculated at the field level. For more information and a 
summary of the line items within our financial statements impacted by this restatement, see Note 1 to the 
Q4 2022 Interim Financial Statements. 
The 2021 Audited Financial Statements have not been reissued and/or restated since original publication. 
Unless explicitly stated otherwise, financial information as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 
included in this Base Prospectus is derived from the 2021 Audited Financial Statements and is not adjusted 
for the effect of the restatements described above and in Note 1 to the Q4 2022 Interim Financial Statements. 
Restatement of over/underlift due to change in accounting principles 
Effective from the fourth quarter of 2022, we elected to change our accounting policy for measurement of 
overlift to measure both over/underlift at cost as we believe this will provide more relevant information 
about financial performance and financial position of the Company. In addition, our management believe 
this change will make the Company more comparable to peer companies on the NCS. In prior reporting 
periods, the overlift was recognised for the fair value / sale price while the underlift was valued at the lower 
of production cost and sale price. Financial information as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 
and for the nine month periods ended 30 September 2022 and 2021 included in this Base Prospectus has 
been adjusted for the effect of restatements described above and in Note 1 to the Q4 2022 Interim Financial 
Statements. For more information, see Note 1 of the Q4 2022 Interim Financial Statements.  
Alternative performance measures 
The Base Prospectus includes certain data which the Issuer considers to constitute alternative performance 
measures ("APMs") for the purposes of the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures. These 
APMs are not defined by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS. The APMs are not measurements of the 
Issuer's operating performance under IFRS and should not be considered as alternatives to any measures of 
performance under IFRS or as measures of the Issuer's liquidity.

--- Page 44 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 44 - 
47-41044430 
 
Our management uses these measures to monitor and report to our board of directors (the "Board of 
Directors") on our financial position for outstanding debt and available operating liquidity and as a basis 
for strategic planning and forecasting, as well as monitoring certain aspects of our performance. We present 
APMs because we believe that they and similar measures are widely used by certain investors, securities 
analysts and other interested parties as supplemental measures of performance. The APMs may not be 
comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies and have limitations as analytical tools 
and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our operating results as reported 
under IFRS. APMs are not measurements of our performance or liquidity under IFRS and should not be 
considered as alternatives to any measures of performance under IFRS. 
Neither the assumptions underlying the APMs have been audited in accordance with the International 
Standards on Auditing or any other auditing standards.  
In evaluating the APMs, investors should carefully consider the financial statements of the Issuers 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Although certain of this data has been extracted or 
derived from the financial statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, this data has not 
been audited or reviewed by the independent auditors. APMs for 2021 are based on the audited consolidated 
financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 (after taking into consideration the 
effect of the restatements described in Note 1 of the Q4 2022 Interim Financial Statements (see also the 
"Restatement of certain financial information for the year ended 31 December 2022 and for the nine month 
period ended 30 September 2022" above)). APMs for the nine months ended 30 September 2022 are based 
on the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer as of 30 September 2022  and for 
the nine months ended 30 September 2022  (after taking into consideration the effect of the restatements 
described in Note 1 of the Q4 2022 Interim Financial Statements (see also the "Restatement of certain 
financial information for the year ended 31 December 2022 and for the nine month period ended 30 
September 2022" above)). 
• 
“CAPEX” consists of expenditures on property, plant and equipment and expenditures on 
exploration and evaluation assets as presented in the Cash flow statements within Cash flow from 
investing activities. We present CAPEX to provide useful supplemental information on capitalised 
investments to investors for comparing our investment activity with that of other companies in our 
industry.  
• 
“CAPEX Coverage” consists of Cash flow from operating activities as presented in the Cash flow 
statements (“CFFO”), as a ratio to CAPEX. We present CAPEX Coverage to provide useful 
supplemental information on our ability to fund CAPEX through cash generated from our 
operations. 
• 
"EBITDA" consists of profit/(loss) for the period before income tax (expense)/income, net financial 
items, net exchange rate gain/(loss), depreciation and amortization and impairments. We present 
EBITDA to provide useful supplemental information for understanding the underlying profit 
generation in our operating activities and as a measure for comparing our operating performance 
with that of other companies in our industry. EBITDA is also used by our management to monitor 
our compliance with financial covenants. 
• 
"EBITDAX" consists of EBITDA after adjusting for exploration expenses. We present EBITDAX 
to provide useful supplemental information for understanding the underlying profit generation in 
our operating activities and as a measure for comparing our operating performance with that of other 
companies in our industry. EBITDAX and similar measures are also used by management to monitor 
our compliance with our financial covenants. 
• 
"EBITDAX Margin" and "EBITDA Margin" consist of EBITDAX and EBITDA as a percentage 
of total income, respectively. EBITDAX Margin and EBITDA Margin are presented to provide 
useful supplemental information for understanding the underlying profit generation in our operating 
activities and for comparing our operating performance with that of other companies in our industry. 
EBITDAX Margin and similar measures are also used by management to monitor our compliance 
with our financial covenants. 
• 
"Net interest bearing debt" or "NIBD" consists of interest-bearing loans and borrowings and lease 
liabilities ("TIBD") less cash and cash equivalents. We present NIBD to provide a useful indicator 
of our indebtedness, financial flexibility and capital structure as it indicates the level of borrowings 
after taking into account cash and cash equivalents within our business that could be utilized to pay 
down outstanding borrowings.

--- Page 45 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 45 - 
47-41044430 
 
• 
"NIBD/EBITDAX" consists of NIBD as a percentage of EBITDAX. We present this ratio to provide 
a useful indicator of our ability to meet our financial obligations. 
Some of the limitations of EBITDAX include: 
• 
it does not reflect our cash expenditures or future requirements for capital investments or contractual 
commitments; 
• 
it does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
• 
it does not reflect the significant interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary, to service 
interest or principal payments on our debt; 
• 
it excludes certain tax payments (i.e. income taxes, but for the avoidance of doubt, does not exclude 
environmental taxes) that represent a reduction in cash available to us; 
• 
it excludes the significant exploration costs related to our exploration activities; 
• 
although depreciation is a non-cash charge, some of the assets being depreciated may need to be 
replaced in the future and EBITDAX does not reflect any cash requirements that would be required 
to make such replacements; 
• 
it excludes cash outlays we incur to decommission oil and gas fields that have ceased production, 
which outlays may be significant; 
• 
it does not reflect the impact of certain cash charges resulting from matters that we do not consider 
to be indicative of our ongoing operations; and 
• 
other companies in our industry may calculate these measures differently from the way we do, 
limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. 
Because of these limitations, EBITDAX and other APMs should not be considered as measures of 
discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business or as measures of cash that will be 
available to us to meet our obligations. You should compensate for these limitations by relying primarily 
on our IFRS results and use these APMs, as applicable, only to supplement your evaluation of our 
performance. 
Certain reserves, contingent resources and production information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the estimates of the oil and gas proved and probable reserves data presented in 
this Base Prospectus as of 31 December 2022 is derived from our Annual Statement of Reserves (see 
"Information incorporated by reference"). Such information has been prepared in accordance with the 
Society of Petroleum Engineers' ("SPE"), the American Association of Petroleum Geologists', the Society 
of Petroleum Evaluation Engineers', the Society of Exploration Geophysicists', the Society of 
Petrophysicists and Well Log Analysts' and the European Association of Geoscientists and Engineers' 
Petroleum Resource Management System ("SPE PRMS" or "PRMS"), as follows: 
• 
"1P reserves" or "proved reserves" are those quantities of petroleum, which, by analysis of 
geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be commercially 
recoverable, from a given date forward, from known reservoirs and under defined economic 
conditions, operating methods, and government regulations. If deterministic methods are used, the 
term reasonable certainty is intended to express a high degree of confidence that the quantities will 
be recovered. If probabilistic methods are used, there should be at least a 90 per cent. probability 
that the quantities actually recovered will equal or exceed the 1P estimate. Proved reserves consist 
of developed and undeveloped reserves. 
• 
"2P reserves" or "proved plus probable reserves" are 1P reserves plus those additional reserves 
which analysis of geoscience and engineering data indicate are less likely to be recovered than 1P 
reserves. It is equally likely that actual remaining quantities recovered will be greater than or less 
than the estimated 2P reserves. In this context, when probabilistic methods are used, there should 
be at least a 50 per cent. probability that the actual quantities recovered will equal or exceed the 2P 
reserves estimate.

--- Page 46 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 46 - 
47-41044430 
 
Estimated reserves presented herein may differ from estimates made in accordance with guidelines and 
definitions used by other companies in the industry. 
Certain information in the Financial Statements is based on estimates of reserves (such as impairment 
testing). Historically, we have applied definitions based on the definitions and disclosure guidelines of the 
United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") to estimate our reserves for the purposes 
of financial reporting, and such figures are not independently evaluated by any third party. The reserve basis 
for financial reporting was changed from SEC to PRMS from 1 January 2022. As of 1 January 2022, we 
apply the definitions and disclosure guidelines of PRMS to estimate our reserves for the purposes of 
financial reporting, which affects the comparability of our reserves estimates utilised for financial reporting 
across periods.  
Typical to the industry in which we operate, there are a number of uncertainties inherent in estimating 
quantities of reserves, including 2P reserves and contingent resources. Therefore, the reserve and resource 
information in this Base Prospectus represents only estimates and such estimates are forward-looking 
statements which are based on judgements regarding future events and may be inaccurate. Reserve 
assessment is a subjective process of estimating underground accumulations of oil and gas that cannot be 
measured in an exact manner. The accuracy of any reserve or resource estimate is a function of a number 
of variable factors and assumptions, many of which are beyond our control, including the quality of 
available data and of engineering and geological interpretation and judgement. As a result, estimates of 
different reserve and resource assessors may vary. In addition, results of drilling, testing and production 
subsequent to the date of an estimate may justify revising the original estimate. Accordingly, due to the 
inherent uncertainties and the limited nature of reservoir data and the inherently imprecise nature of reserve 
and resource estimates, the initial reserve and resource estimates are often different from the quantities of 
oil and gas that are ultimately recovered. The accuracy of such estimates depends primarily on the 
assumptions upon which they were based.  
You should not place undue reliance on the ability of the estimates of reserves, including 2P reserves and 
contingent resources, to predict actual reserves and contingent resources or on comparisons of similar 
reports concerning other companies, and this Base Prospectus should be accepted with the understanding 
that our financial performance subsequent to the date of the estimates may necessitate revision of the 
reserves and contingent resources information set forth herein. In addition, except to the extent that we 
acquire additional properties containing reserves and contingent resources or conduct successful 
exploration and development activities, or both, our reserves and contingent resources will decline as they 
are produced. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all production figures are presented on a net to our working interest basis. 
Where gross amounts are indicated, they are presented on a total project basis—i.e., the total interests of 
all relevant licence holders in the relevant fields and licence areas without deduction for the economic 
interest of other commercial participants, taxes or royalty interests or otherwise. Forecasts of production 
for individual assets of ours are derived from production estimates included in our reserve reports. Our 
legal interest and effective working interest in the relevant fields and license areas are separately disclosed. 
See "Description of the Issuer". 
Hydrocarbon data 
In preparation of our reserves and contingent resources information, we use the following standard 
measures: 
• 
oil volumes of standard cubic metres ("Sm3") and standard millions of barrels ("MMbls"); 
• 
natural gas volumes in standard cubic feet ("Scf"), millions of standard cubic feet ("mmscf") and 
billions of standard cubic feet ("bscf"); 
• 
natural gas liquid volumes in Sm3 and MMbls;  
• 
natural gas pricing in million British thermal units ("MMbtu"); and 
• 
oil equivalents volumes in millions of barrels of oil ("boe") equivalents ("MMboe") and barrels of 
oil equivalent per day ("boepd") or thousands of barrels of oil equivalent per day ("kboepd"). 
This Base Prospectus presents certain production and reserves-related information on an "equivalency" 
basis. We have assumed conversion rates of: (i) 6.29 barrels of oil to 1 Sm3 of crude oil; (ii) 35.315 Scf of

--- Page 47 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 47 - 
47-41044430 
 
natural gas to 1 Sm3 of crude oil; and (iii) 5,614 Scf of natural gas to 1 barrel of oil equivalents. This 
conversion is based on an approximate energy equivalency conversion method primarily applicable at the 
burner tip and does not represent value equivalencies at the wellhead. Although these conversion factors 
are industry accepted conventions and standard conversion factors according to the NPD, they are not 
reflective of price or market value differentials between product types and may differ from conversion 
factors used by others. For historical production information for the years 2021 and 2022, we have also 
applied conversion rates of 6.65 barrels of oil equivalents to 1,000 Sm3 of natural gas.

--- Page 48 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 48 - 
47-41044430 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
necessary information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and its group and of the rights 
attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. In relation to the different 
types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus 
all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date 
of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche 
of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in 
the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms 
are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms as amended or supplemented to the extent described 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes or (2) by a registration document (the 
"Registration Document") containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer, a securities note 
(the "Securities Note") containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Notes and, if 
necessary, a summary note.

--- Page 49 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 49 - 
47-41044430 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially be in the form of either a temporary 
global note in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global 
note in bearer form (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each 
a "Bearer Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the 
Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" 
of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are 
fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be 
offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global 
bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be 
eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes issued in NGN form are intended 
to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Global 
Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Bearer Global Notes of the relevant Tranche will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction 
of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United 
States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the 
Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D 
Rules are applicable.  
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless 
exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global 
Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global 
Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global 
Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Principal Paying Agent of a confirmation of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; 
(iii) 
within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.

--- Page 50 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 50 - 
47-41044430 
 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
an Event of Default as defined in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes 
become due and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the 
Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C 
Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be 
in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive 
Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without 
such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 
30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or

--- Page 51 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 51 - 
47-41044430 
 
(ii) 
an Event of Default as defined in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes 
become due and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the 
Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist 
of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global 
form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to 
the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under 
the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) 
and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code." 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes"), will be represented by either individual 
note certificates in registered form ("Individual Note Certificates") or a global note in registered form (a 
"Global Registered Note"), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt 
securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it has assessed the 
new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in 
cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the new structure (the "New 
Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS") would be in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities 
settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the 
"Eurosystem"), subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements. The press 
release also stated that the new arrangements for Notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 and that registered debt securities in global registered 
form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible 
as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping Structure is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Global Registered Notes are intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Registered Notes are to 
be so held does not necessarily mean that the Global Registered Notes of the relevant Tranche will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction 
of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the NSS, 
registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary and will be exchangeable in accordance 
with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in 
the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about

--- Page 52 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 52 - 
47-41044430 
 
the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be 
exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the 
Notes will at all times be represented by Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect 
of their respective holdings. 
Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note which 
will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances specified in the Global 
Registered Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(a) 
if Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(b) 
an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 14 (Events of Default)) occurs and the Notes 
become due and payable.  
Whenever a Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf 
of the registered holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to 
complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates against the surrender of the Global Registered Note 
at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement and, in 
particular, shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may 
require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in 
connection with such exchange. 
The Registrar will not register the transfer of or exchange of interests in a Global Note Certificate for 
Individual Note Certificates for a period of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary 
of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 53 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 53 - 
47-41044430 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche of 
Notes which are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the relevant Final 
Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent 
permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may 
supplement, amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Vår Energi ASA (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(the "Programme") for the issuance of up to €3,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of 
notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the 
subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which supplements these terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these 
Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of 
any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms 
shall prevail. 
(c) 
Trust Deed: The Notes are constituted by, are subject to, and have the benefit of, a trust deed dated 
3 March 2023 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Trust Deed") between the 
Issuer and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as trustee (the "Trustee", which expression includes all 
persons for the time being trustee or trustees appointed under the Trust Deed). 
(d) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement dated 3 
March 2023 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as 
principal paying agent (the "Principal Paying Agent", which expression includes any successor 
principal paying agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), Citibank Europe 
plc as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from 
time to time in connection with the Notes), and the paying agents named therein (together with the 
Principal Paying Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor or 
additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), the transfer 
agents named therein (the "Transfer Agents", which expression includes any successor or 
additional transfer agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the Trustee. 
In these Conditions references to the "Agents" are to the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the 
Transfer Agents and any reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them.  
(e) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are the 
subject of the relevant Final Terms. 
(f) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement and are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the 
"Noteholders") and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" and 
the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed applicable to them. Copies of the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement are available for inspection or collection at all reasonable times by Noteholders 
during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial 
Specified Offices of which are set out below or may be provided by email to a Noteholder 
following their prior written request to any Paying Agents and provision of proof of holding and 
identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent). 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings:

--- Page 54 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 54 - 
47-41044430 
 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such 
Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org);  
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Affiliate" of any specified Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or 
controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For purposes 
of this definition, "control," as used with respect to any Person, means the possession, directly or 
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such 
Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise. For 
purposes of this definition, the terms "controlling," "controlled by" and "under common control 
with" have correlative meanings; 
"Bankruptcy Law" means (i) the Norwegian Bankruptcy Act of 8 June 1984 No. 58 
(Konkursloven) (together with the rules and regulations laid down in the Creditors Recovery Act 
of 8 June 1984 No. 59 (Dekningsloven)) and the Temporary Restructuring Act of 11 May 2020 (as 
amended) and (ii) any other applicable law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, 
winding up, liquidation, reorganisation or relief of debtors; 
"Bearer Notes" means Notes in bearer form; 
"Board of Directors" means: 
(a) 
with respect to a corporation, the board of directors of the corporation or any committee 
thereof duly authorised to act on behalf of such board; 
(b) 
with respect to a partnership, the board of directors of the general partner of the 
partnership; 
(c) 
with respect to a limited liability company, the managing member or members or any 
controlling committee of managing members thereof; and 
(d) 
with respect to any other Person, the board or committee of such Person serving a similar 
function; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
and 
(c) 
in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the relevant Final 
Terms, any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal 
holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a date on 
which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation 
to be closed;

--- Page 55 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 55 - 
47-41044430 
 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings 
in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day save in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for which the final 
Interest Payment Date will not be postponed and interest on that payment will not accrue 
during the period from and after the scheduled final Interest Payment Date; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"Floating Rate Convention" means that each relevant date shall be the date which 
numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the 
number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the 
calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention;  
"Calculation Agent" means the Principal Paying Agent or such other Person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Capital Stock" means: 
(a) 
in the case of a corporation, corporate stock; 
(b) 
in the case of an association or business entity, any and all shares, interests, participations, 
rights or other equivalents (however designated) of corporate stock; 
(c) 
in the case of a partnership or limited liability company, partnership interests (whether 
general or limited) or, membership interests; and 
(d) 
any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of 
the profits and losses of, or distributions of assets of, the issuing Person, 
but excluding from all of the foregoing any debt securities convertible into Capital Stock, whether 
or not such debt securities include any right of participation with Capital Stock; 
"Change of Control" means the occurrence of any of the following:

--- Page 56 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 56 - 
47-41044430 
 
(a) 
the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by 
way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or 
substantially all of the properties or assets of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries 
taken as a whole to any Person, other than one or more Permitted Holders; 
(b) 
the adoption of a plan relating to the liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer; or 
(c) 
the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or 
consolidation), the result of which is that any Person, other than one or more Permitted 
Holders, becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50 per cent. 
of the Voting Stock of the Issuer, measured by voting power rather than number of shares, 
provided that (i) no Change of Control shall be deemed to occur by reason of the Issuer becoming 
a Subsidiary of a Successor Parent Holding Company; and (ii) a Person or group will not be 
deemed to beneficially own the Voting Stock of another Person as a result of its ownership of 
Voting Stock or other securities of such other Person's parent entity (or related contractual rights) 
unless it owns 50 per cent. or more of the total voting power of the Voting Stock entitled to vote 
for the election of directors of such parent entity having a majority of the aggregate votes on the 
Board of Directors of such parent entity; 
"Change of Control Put Option Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(g); 
"Change of Control Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Change of Control Redemption Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(g); 
"Change of Control Triggering Event" means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a 
Rating Event with respect to the Notes; 
"continuing" means, with respect to any Default or Event of Default, that such Default or Event 
of Default has not been cured or waived;  
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365);

--- Page 57 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 57 - 
47-41044430 
 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 58 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 58 - 
47-41044430 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding 
the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"DA Selected Bond" means the government security or securities selected by the Determination 
Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the Remaining Term of the 
Notes, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in determining the redemption price of corporate debt securities denominated in the same 
currency as the Notes and with a comparable remaining maturity to the Remaining Term of the 
Notes; 
"Default" means any event that is, or with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both would 
be, an Event of Default; 
"Determination Agent" means an independent adviser, investment bank or financial institution of 
recognised standing selected by the Issuer; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published 
by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from 
time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any person which takes over 
administration of that rate); 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Communities as amended from 
time to time; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Trust Deed;

--- Page 59 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 59 - 
47-41044430 
 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fitch" means Fitch, Inc. or any successor to its ratings business; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such 
security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out 
by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt 
Prices from Yields", page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; Double-dated 
and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date"(published on 
8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further amended, updated, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time) or, if such formula does not reflect generally accepted 
market practice at the time of redemption, a gross redemption yield calculated in accordance with 
generally accepted market practice at such time as determined by the Determination Agent; 
"Holder" in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Title to Bearer 
Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Title to 
Registered Notes); 
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards endorsed from time to time by the 
European Union or any variation thereof with which the Issuer is, or may be, required to comply; 
"Indebtedness" means, with respect to any specified Person, any indebtedness of such Person 
(whether being principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for money borrowed or raised 
including, without limitation, any indebtedness for, or in respect of, any liability under or in respect 
of any acceptance or acceptance credit or any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock 
or other securities or any transaction having the commercial effect of a borrowing or be treated as 
such under applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms 
and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the Floating Rate Convention and an interval of a 
number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified 
Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the Floating Rate Convention 
at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date 
(in the case of the First Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in 
any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date 
(or, if the Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant redemption date); 
"Investment Grade Rating" means a rating equal to or higher than Baa3 (or equivalent) by 
Moody's or BBB− (or the equivalent) by S&P and Fitch, or an equivalent rating by any other Rating 
Agency; 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor);

--- Page 60 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 60 - 
47-41044430 
 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Make Whole Redemption Price" has the meaning given in Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer); 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" for any Interest Period has the meaning given in the Final Terms but 
shall never be less than zero, including any relevant margin; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or any successor to its ratings business; 
"Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Officer" means, with respect to any Person, a member of the Board of Directors, the chief 
executive officer, the president, the chief financial officer, any vice president, the treasurer, any 
managing director, any responsible accounting or financial officer, the secretary or the equivalent 
position of any of the foregoing or any other Person that the Board of Directors of such Person 
shall designate for such purpose; 
"Officer's Certificate" means a certificate signed on behalf of any Person by one or more Officers 
of such Person; 
"Opinion of Counsel" means a written opinion from legal counsel (in form and substance 
reasonably acceptable to the Trustee, where such opinion is addressed to, or is for the benefit of, 
the Trustee). The counsel may be an employee of or counsel to the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the 
Issuer;  
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Par Call Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Par Redemption Date" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms; 
"Parent" means any Person of which the Issuer at any time is or becomes a Subsidiary after the 
Issue Date and any holding companies established by any Permitted Holder for purposes of holding 
its investment in any Parent; 
"Parent Entity" means any Person of which the Issuer at any time is or becomes a Subsidiary after 
the Issue Date and any holding companies established by any Permitted Holder for purposes of 
holding its investment, directly or indirectly, in the Issuer; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is:

--- Page 61 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 61 - 
47-41044430 
 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Permitted Holder" means (a) Vår Energi ASA or any one of its Subsidiaries; (b) Eni International 
B.V. or any one of its Subsidiaries; (c) Point Resources Holding AS; (d) any of the officers, 
directors, and other members of senior management of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries who at 
any date beneficially own or have the right to acquire, directly or indirectly, Capital Stock of the 
Issuer or any Parent; (e) any Person who is acting as an underwriter in connection with a public or 
private offering of Capital Stock of any Parent Entity or the Issuer, acting in such capacity; (f) any 
group the members of which include any Permitted Holder specified in letter (a), (b), (c) or (d) 
above, provided that, without giving effect to the existence of such group or any other group, any 
of the Persons described in letter (a), (b), (c) or (d) collectively, beneficially own Voting Stock 
representing 50 per cent. or more of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the Issuer (or 
any Parent Entity) then held by such group; and (g) any Affiliate or Related Person of a Permitted 
Holder described in either of letter (a), (b) or (c) above, and any successor to such Permitted Holder, 
Affiliate or Related Person; 
"Permitted Reorganisation" means any consolidation, amalgamation, merger, sale, assignment, 
transfer, lease, conveyance or otherwise disposal of all or substantially all of the properties or assets 
of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, where: 
(a) 
either (i) the Issuer is the surviving corporation or (ii) the Person formed by or surviving 
any such consolidation, amalgamation or merger (if other than the Issuer) or to which such 
sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition has been made is an 
entity organised or existing under the laws of any member state of the European Union, 
the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Norway, Canada, Australia, Japan, any state of the 
United States or the District of Columbia;  
(b) 
the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation, amalgamation or merger (if 
other than the Issuer) or the Person to which such sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance, 
lease or other disposition has been made, assumes all the obligations of the Issuer under 
the Notes;  
(c) 
other than in the case of any merger, consolidation or amalgamation of the Issuer or any 
Subsidiary with or into an Affiliate solely for the purpose of reincorporating the Issuer or 
such Subsidiary in another jurisdiction, immediately after such transaction or transactions, 
no Default or Event of Default exists; and 
(d) 
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of 
Counsel, each stating that such consolidation, amalgamation, merger or disposition do not 
result in a Default under Condition 14(e) (Cessation of business); provided that in giving 
an Opinion of Counsel, counsel may rely on an Officer's Certificate as to any matters of 
fact. 
In addition, the following transactions will also be permitted: 
(a) 
the Issuer consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges or is liquidated into a Subsidiary 
for the purpose of reincorporating the Issuer in another jurisdiction;

--- Page 62 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 62 - 
47-41044430 
 
(b) 
any Subsidiary consolidates or amalgamates with, merges or is liquidated into or disposes 
of all or part of its properties or assets to the Issuer or another Subsidiary; and 
(c) 
any liquidation, winding up, dissolution or corporate reorganisation of any Subsidiary of 
the Issuer on a solvent basis occurs; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means: (i) any Security Interest existing on the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes; (ii) any Security Interest securing Relevant Indebtedness of a person 
existing at the time that such person is merged into, or consolidated with, the Issuer or any 
Subsidiary of the Issuer, provided that such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of 
such merger or consolidation, the principal amount secured was not increased in contemplation of 
or since such merger or consolidation and such Security Interest does not extend to any other assets 
or property of the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer; (iii) any Security Interest existing on any 
property or assets prior to the acquisition thereof by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer, 
provided that such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of such acquisition and the 
principal amount secured was not increased in contemplation of or since such acquisition; or (iv) 
any renewal of or substitution for any Security Interest permitted by any of paragraphs (i) to (iii) 
(inclusive) of this definition, provided that with respect to any such Security Interest (A) the 
principal amount secured has not increased, and (B) the Security Interest has not been extended to 
any additional assets;  
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint–stock 
company, trust, unincorporated organisation, limited liability company or government or other 
entity; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of 
such Member State of the European Union as is selected by the payee; 
"Principal Property" means any property interest in oil, natural gas or other minerals in place or 
in geothermal resources in place owned by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and the net book 
value of which property interest or interests exceeds 2.5 per cent. of the total assets of the Issuer 
and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, as shown on the most recent consolidated balance 
sheet of the Issuer prepared in accordance with IFRS (unless the Board of Directors determines 
that any such property interest is not material to the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole); 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note upon the Optional Redemption Date (Put); 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem 
a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Quotation Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rating" means the rating of the Notes, failing which, the rating of the Issuer's senior unsecured 
long-term debt; 
"Rating Agency" means S&P, Moody's and Fitch and its successors and/or, any other rating 
agency of equivalent standing notified by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and, 
in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices), to the Noteholders; 
"Rating Category" means (1) with respect to S&P, any of the following categories: AAA, AA, A, 
BBB, BB, B, CCC, CC, C and D (or equivalent successor categories); (2) with respect to Moody's 
any of the following categories: Aaa, Aa, A, Baa, Ba, B, Caa, Ca, C and D (or equivalent successor 
categories); and (3) the equivalent of any such category of S&P or Moody's used by another Rating 
Agency. In determining whether the rating of the Notes has decreased by one or more category, a 
single decrease in gradation within a Rating Category as well as between Rating Categories (+ and 
− for S&P; 1, 2 and 3 for Moody's; or the equivalent gradations for another Rating Agency) shall

--- Page 63 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 63 - 
47-41044430 
 
be treated as a decrease in one category but changes in outlook shall not. For example, in the case 
of S&P, a rating decline from BB+ to BB will constitute a decrease in one Rating Category; 
"Rating Event" means (a) if on the date of the first public announcement of an event that 
constitutes a Change of Control the Notes are then rated by two or more Rating Agencies as having 
an Investment Grade Rating, there is a decrease in the rating of the Notes by one or more of the 
Rating Agencies on or within 60 days of the date of the Change of Control (which period shall be 
extended for an additional 60 days if any Rating Agency has publicly announced that it is 
considering a possible downgrade of the Notes) which causes the Notes to no longer have an 
Investment Grade Rating from one or more Rating Agencies or (b) if on the date of first public 
announcement of an event that constitutes a Change of Control the Notes are not then rated by two 
or more Rating Agencies as having an Investment Grade Rating, there is a decrease in the Rating 
Category of the Notes by at least one of the Rating Agencies on or within 60 days of the date of 
the Change of Control (which period shall be extended for an additional 60 days if any Rating 
Agency has publicly announced that it is considering a possible downgrade of the Notes) which 
decrease results in the rating on the Notes by such Rating Agency to be at least one Rating Category 
below the rating of the Notes issued by such Rating Agency immediately preceding the public 
announcement of the event that continues the relevant Change of Control; 
"Record Date" has the meaning given in Condition 12(g) (Payments – Registered Notes); 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Sterling Make Whole 
Redemption Amount, the Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put), the Change of Control Redemption Amount, the Early Termination 
Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Margin" means the figure specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Bond" means the bond specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or 
to the extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the 
relevant Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reference Date, (i) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding 
the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than 
five such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of 
all such quotations; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum equal to 
the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) for the Remaining Term or interpolated yield 
for the Remaining Term (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price 
for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference 
Bond Price for such Reference Date; 
"Reference Date" means the date falling three London Business Days prior to the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call); 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer 
(following, where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if applicable), or their 
affiliates, which are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or 
(ii) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the 
Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case 
as a percentage of its principal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in 
writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 64 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 64 - 
47-41044430 
 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR/SONIA/SONIA Compounded Index/SOFR/SOFR 
Compounded Index/€STR as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency and 
period specified in the relevant Final Terms. Other than in the case of U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate Notes for which the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
SOFR, the term Reference Rate shall, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event under 
Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), include any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and shall, if a Benchmark Event should occur subsequently in respect of any such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, also include any further Successor Rate or further Alternative 
Rate; 
"Registered Notes" means Notes in registered form; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the First Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period; 
"Related Person" means: 
(a) 
any controlling equity holder or majority (or more) owned Subsidiary of such Permitted 
Holder; or 
(b) 
in the case of an individual, any spouse, family member or relative of such individual, any 
trust or partnership for the benefit of one or more of such individual and any such spouse, 
family member or relative, or the estate, executor, administrator, committee or 
beneficiaries of any thereof; 
(c) 
any trust, corporation, partnership or other Person for which one or more of the Permitted 
Holders and other Related Persons of any thereof constitute the beneficiaries, stockholders, 
partners or owners thereof, or Persons beneficially holding in the aggregate a majority (or 
more) controlling interest therein; or 
(d) 
any investment fund or vehicle managed or sponsored by such Permitted Holder or any 
successor thereto, or by any Affiliate of such Permitted Holder or any such successor; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received 
by the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the 
full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders;  
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any 
bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is 
capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market 
(including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market);  
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final

--- Page 65 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 65 - 
47-41044430 
 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Remaining Term" means the term to maturity or, if a Par Redemption Date is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, to such Par Redemption Date;  
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal: 
(a) 
to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce 
the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes or to alter the 
method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes on redemption or 
maturity or the date for any such payment; 
(b) 
to effect the exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes into, 
shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person or body 
corporate formed or to be formed (other than as permitted under Clause 8.3 (Substitution) of 
the Trust Deed); 
(c) 
to change the quorum required at any Meeting or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(d) 
to amend this definition; 
"Restricted Subsidiary" of a Person means any Subsidiary of the relevant Person that, as of the 
applicable date of determination, directly, or indirectly through ownership in another Subsidiary 
of such Person, owns or leases any Principal Property; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Significant Subsidiary" means, at the date of determination, any Restricted Subsidiary that, 
together with its Subsidiaries which are Restricted Subsidiaries (a) for the most recent fiscal year, 
accounted for more than 10 per cent. of the consolidated revenues of the Issuer, or (b) as of the end 
of the most recent fiscal year, was the owner of more than 10 per cent. of the consolidated assets 
of the Issuer; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Subsidiary" means, with respect to any specified Person: 
(a) 
any corporation, association or other business entity (other than a partnership, joint 
venture, limited liability company or similar entity) of which more than 50 per cent. of 
the total ordinary voting power of its Voting Stock is at the time owned or controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person 
(or a combination thereof); 
(b) 
any corporation, association or other business entity of which that Person or one or more 
of the other Subsidiaries of that Person (or any combination thereof), directly or 
indirectly, has the right to appoint a majority of the directors, managers or trustees, as 
applicable, or has the operational control of the corporation, association or other business 
entity and the financial results of such corporation, association or other business entity

--- Page 66 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 66 - 
47-41044430 
 
are consolidated with the financial results of such Person or one or more of the other 
Subsidiaries of that Person (or any combination thereof); and 
(a) 
any partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or similar entity of which (i) more 
than 50 per cent. of the capital accounts, distribution rights, total equity and voting 
interests or general and limited partnership interests, as applicable, are owned or controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that 
Person or a combination thereof, whether in the form of membership, general, special or 
limited partnership interests or otherwise, and (ii) such Person or any Subsidiary of such 
Person is a controlling general partner or otherwise controls such entity; 
"Successor Parent Holding Company" with respect to any Person means any other Person of 
which more than 50 per cent. of the total voting power of the Voting Stock is, at the time the first 
Person becomes a Subsidiary of such other Person, beneficially owned by one or more Persons that 
beneficially owned more than 50 per cent. of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the first 
Person immediately prior to the first Person becoming a Subsidiary of such other Person; 
"S&P" means Standard & Poor's Investor Ratings Services and any successor to its ratings business; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system or any successor thereto; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
"Tax" means any tax, duty, levy, impost, assessment or other governmental charge of whatever 
nature (including penalties, interest and any other additions thereto). "Taxes" and "Taxation" shall 
be construed to have corresponding meanings; 
"Tax Jurisdiction" means the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which payments made by the Issuer of principal 
and interest on the Notes become generally subject;  
"U.S. dollars" or "U.S.$" means the lawful currency of the United States of America;  
"U.S. Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended;  
"Voting Stock" of any specified Person as of any date means the Capital Stock of such Person that 
is at the time entitled to vote in the election of the Board of Directors of such Person; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes or are Registered Notes, references to Coupons and 
Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 13 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions;

--- Page 67 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 67 - 
47-41044430 
 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Trust 
Deed; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that 
such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes;  
(viii) 
any reference to the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference 
to the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement, as the case may be, as amended and/or 
supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes; and 
(ix) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or 
regulations or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be 
construed as a reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time 
to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer 
Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination 
will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case of 
Bearer Notes, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" and 
"Couponholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a 
minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a 
smaller amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to each Holder 
of Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each Note Certificate will be numbered 
serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered 
Notes, "Holder" means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being 
registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and 
"Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of 
Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) 
or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such 
Holder. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and (j) (Regulations 
concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender 
of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified 
Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor 
and the authority of the individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, 
that a Registered Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes 
transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the 
principal amount of the balance of Registered Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations. 
Where not all the Registered Notes represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject 
of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be 
issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a Note 
Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the Registrar 
will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount

--- Page 68 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 68 - 
47-41044430 
 
to the Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case 
may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant 
Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose 
by such relevant Holder. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the 
Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever 
nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days 
ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and entries 
on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior 
written approval of the Registrar and the Transfer Agent. A copy of the current regulations will be 
mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar or the Transfer Agent to any Noteholder who requests in 
writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status 
The Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with 
all other present and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may 
be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its 
Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security 
Interest) upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues 
(including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or guarantee or indemnity in 
respect of any Relevant Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the 
Notes equally and rateably therewith to the satisfaction of the Trustee or (b) providing such other 
security for the Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest at a fixed rate from (and including) either (i) the Interest 
Commencement Date or (ii) if a Change of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the date from which the Fixed Rate Note provisions are stated to apply, at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 
11 (Payments - Bearer Notes) and Condition 12 (Payments - Registered Notes). Each Note will 
cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment 
of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to 
bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (both before and after judgment) until whichever 
is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Trustee has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect 
of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount (and Broken Amount): The amount of interest payable in respect of each 
Note for any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in 
more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of 
the relevant Specified Denomination. The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note on

--- Page 69 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 69 - 
47-41044430 
 
any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount(s) so specified. 
(d) 
Notes accruing interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount: This Condition 6(d) shall apply 
to Notes which are Fixed Rate Notes only where the Final Terms for such Notes specify that the 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention 
specified therein. The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period 
for such Notes shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by multiplying the product of the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period and the Calculation Amount by the relevant Day Count Fraction 
and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit 
being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. The Calculation Agent 
shall cause the relevant amount of interest and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to 
the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the 
rules of such exchange so requires, such exchange (or listing agent, as the case may be) as soon as 
possible after their determination or calculation but in no event later than the fourth Business Day 
thereafter or, if earlier in the case of notification to the stock exchange, the time required by the 
rules of the relevant stock exchange (or listing agent, as the case may be). 
(e) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being 
rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest at a floating rate from (and including) either (i) the 
Interest Commencement Date or (ii) if a Change of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the date from which the Floating Rate Note provisions are stated to 
apply, at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided 
in Condition 11 (Payments - Bearer Notes) and Condition 12 (Payments - Registered Notes). Each 
Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (both before and after judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day 
are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after 
the Principal Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect 
of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA, 
SOFR and/or €STR or any related index is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms) determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where:

--- Page 70 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 70 - 
47-41044430 
 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such 
sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, 
and such Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (iii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest 
Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic 
mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate provided that in 
any circumstances where under the ISDA Definitions the Calculation Agent would be required to 
exercise any discretion, including the selection of any reference banks and seeking quotations from 
reference banks, when calculating the relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant determination(s) which 
require the Calculation Agent to exercise its discretion shall instead be made by the Issuer or its 
designee. "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate 
that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" as 
the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions; 
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the relevant Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next

--- Page 71 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 71 - 
47-41044430 
 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent 
shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such sources 
as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, 
and such Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines appropriate; 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) Lookback 
is the number of Applicable Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding 
with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method 
in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Lockout is the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
(c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Averaging is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and:  
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout 
Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
(G) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option and Index 
Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift shall be applicable and, 
(a) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to:

--- Page 72 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 72 - 
47-41044430 
 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date;  
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and  
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating 
Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – 
Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the 
reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the definition 
of "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by 
"Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
(iv) 
Unless otherwise defined capitalised terms used in this Condition 7(d) shall have the 
meaning ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions. 
(e) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(e) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
"SONIA". 
(ii) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA 
plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(e): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards to 0.0001: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 x 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖= 1
−1቏x D
𝑑𝑑 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
365); 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 73 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 73 - 
47-41044430 
 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day 
in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes are due and payable); 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking 
Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as 
applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or if no such period is specified, five London 
Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA 
only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The 
SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken 
by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without 
compounding. 
(iv) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not otherwise been published by the

--- Page 74 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 74 - 
47-41044430 
 
relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 
7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), be:  
(A) 
the sum of (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; and (b) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on 
the relevant London Banking Day, (a) the SONIA Reference Rate published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (b) if this is more recent, the 
latest determined rate under (A). 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 
7(e), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled 
first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(f) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(f) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
"SOFR". 
(ii) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark plus or minus 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(f): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily 
SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and 
other provisions set out in this Condition 7(f). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this reason, in 
determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other 
provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the number of calendar days from and 
including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day.  
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR 
used in the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the 
provisions under Condition 7(f)(iv) below will apply.

--- Page 75 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 75 - 
47-41044430 
 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula 
(and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
𝐷𝐷
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏ 𝑥𝑥 𝐷𝐷
𝑑𝑑 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
360); 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period 
or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the 
first day in such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or if no such period 
is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days;

--- Page 76 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 76 - 
47-41044430 
 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:  
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 7(f)(iv) below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not so 
appear, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or any successor source;  
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day 
for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(iv) 
If the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In 
connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its 
designee (in consultation with the Issuer) will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders.  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or its designee 
pursuant to this section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and 
any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection:  
(i)  
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(ii) 
 if made by the Issuer, will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer 
(iii) 
if made by the Issuer’s designee, will be made after consultation with the Issuer, 
and the designee will not make any such determination, decision or election to 
which the Issuer objects; and  
(iv)  
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or 
any other party.  
Any determination, decision or election pursuant to this section not made by the Issuer’s 
designee will be made by the Issuer on the basis as described above. The designee shall

--- Page 77 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 77 - 
47-41044430 
 
have no liability for not making any such determination, decision or election absent bad 
faith or fraud. 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; 
provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or 
the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date:  
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including 
changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its 
designee decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or 
its designee decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee determines that no market practice 
for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or its 
designee determines is reasonably necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof):  
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", 
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark

--- Page 78 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 78 - 
47-41044430 
 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or  
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or  
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 2006 
ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with 
respect to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the 
Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee 
after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

--- Page 79 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 79 - 
47-41044430 
 
(v) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under Condition 7(f)(iv) 
above will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee, each Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 21 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date on which such changes take effect.  
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee an 
Officer's Certificate:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 7(f); and  
(B)  
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such Officer Certificate  (without further enquiry 
and without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. 
(vi) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this Condition 7(f), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled 
first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(g) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 7(g) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
"€STR". 
(ii) 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus 
or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date.  
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(g): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + €STR𝑖𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏× D
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in:

--- Page 80 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 80 - 
47-41044430 
 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number 
is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET Settlement Day as 
provided by the European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer 
published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each 
case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable 
methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor 
administrator of such rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i"; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i". 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement 
Day in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period 
(or the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement 
Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days

--- Page 81 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 81 - 
47-41044430 
 
prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number 
of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift 
Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such period is specified, five 
TARGET Settlement Days. 
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if, where any 
Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to Condition 7(g)(ii) above, in respect of any 
TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required 
to be determined, such €STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen 
Page and has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the 
€STR reference rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement Day shall be the €STR 
reference rate for the first preceding TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which €STR 
reference rate was published by the European Central Bank on its website, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 
7(g)(ii)(g), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled 
first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(h) 
Interest – SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index (Screen Rate Determination) 
This Condition 7(h) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, 
and "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant 
Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
൬𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆−1൰ X 𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒𝑒
𝑑𝑑
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as determined 
and calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Index" means either the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Compounded 
Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Compounded Index End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the End date; 
"Compounded Index Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the Start date; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined; 
"End" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due 
(but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such 
Interest Period);

--- Page 82 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 82 - 
47-41044430 
 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking Days, and, 
in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in the case of the 
SOFR Compounded Index, 360; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the fifth decimal 
place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh decimal place in the case of 
the SOFR Compounded Index, in each case, rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 or, 
as the case may be, 0.00000005 being rounded upwards);  
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the relevant Final Terms, but, unless otherwise specified 
shall be five; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded SOFR rate as published at 15:00 (New 
York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) on the 
website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source;  
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as published at 10:00 
(London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of 
England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source; and 
"Start" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of the relevant Compounded Index, 
if, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the relevant 
Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End date, then the Calculation Agent shall 
calculate the rate of interest for that Interest Period as if Index Determination was not specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and as if Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded SOFR (as defined 
in Condition 7(e) or Condition 7(f), as applicable) had been specified instead in the Final Terms, 
and in each case "Observation Shift" had been specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, and where the Observation Period for the purposes of that definition in Condition 
7(e) or Condition 7(f) (as applicable) shall be deemed to be the same as the Relevant Number of 
Index Days specified in the Final Terms and where, in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA, the 
Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer in good faith and in its sole discretion. For 
the avoidance of doubt, if (i) (in the case of SONIA Compounded Index) a Benchmark Event has 
occurred in respect of SONIA, the provisions of Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement 
(Independent Adviser)) shall apply, and (ii) (in the case of SOFR Compounded Index) a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred in respect of SOFR, 
the provisions of Condition 7(f)(iv) shall apply. 
(i) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(j) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying 
such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided 
by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(k) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority or stock exchange (or listing agent, as the case may 
be) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing and trading as soon as practicable after 
such determination. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The

--- Page 83 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 83 - 
47-41044430 
 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. 
If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent 
shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation 
Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination.  
(l) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such 
Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of 
its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(m) 
Determination of Rate of Interest following acceleration: If (i) the Notes become due and payable 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Events of Default) and (ii) the Rate of Interest for the Interest 
Period during which the Notes become due and payable is to be determined by reference to any of 
Conditions 7(e) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA (Screen Rate Determination)), 
7(f) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination)), 7(g) (Interest 
– Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination)) and 7(h) (Interest – SONIA 
Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index (Screen Rate Determination)), then the final 
Interest Determination Date shall be the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and 
such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue 
thereon as provided in these Conditions. 
(n) 
Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser) 
Other than in the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Note for which the Reference 
Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR" or "SOFR Compounded Index", if 
a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when the Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be determined by reference to such 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 7(n)(i)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, 
if any (in accordance with Condition 7(n)(ii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance 
with Condition 7(n)(iii)).  
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agents or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to 
this Condition 7(n) and the Trustee and the Agents will not be liable for any loss, liability, cost, 
charge or expense which may arise as a result thereof 
(i) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that:  
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 7(n)(i)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) 
for the relevant Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 7(n) in the event of a further Benchmark 
Event affecting the Successor Rate; or  
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 7(n)(i)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for the relevant Interest Period 
and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 7(n) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative 
Rate.  
(ii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be).

--- Page 84 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 84 - 
47-41044430 
 
(iii) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 7(n) and the Independent Adviser determines in its 
discretion (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 7(n)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of relevant 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice (and for the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee 
shall, subject to Condition 18(b), at the direction and expense of the Issuer, consent to and 
effect such consequential amendments to the Trust Deed, Agency Agreement and these 
Conditions as the Trustee may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 7(n)). 
(iv) 
If (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (B) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Rate in accordance with this Condition 7(n) prior to the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, the Reference Rate applicable to the relevant Interest Period shall be the Reference 
Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has not been 
a First Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate that would 
have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date. For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment 
pursuant to this Condition 7(n)(iv) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period only. Any 
subsequent Interest Period may be subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
7(n) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)). 
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(n) will be notified promptly 
(but in any event no later than two Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date) by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 21 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
(vi) 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee an 
Officer's Certificate:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor 
Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where 
applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 7(n); and  
(B) 
certifying that (1) the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread and (2) the intent of the drafting of such changes is solely to 
implement the relevant Benchmark Amendments.  
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without further enquiry and 
without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. 
(vii) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agents and the Noteholders.  
(viii) 
As used in this Condition 7(n): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 85 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 85 - 
47-41044430 
 
(A)  
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), 
the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for 
the Reference Rate; or  
(C)  
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser determines, is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
or  
(D)  
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be 
appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 7(n) is customary in market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate period and in the 
Specified Currency;  
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(n)(iii); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen 
Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed 
that will continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing 
such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by 
a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or  
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of 
the Notes; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) such Reference Rate 
is or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be no longer 
representative of an underlying market or (ii) the methodology to calculate such 
Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable).

--- Page 86 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 86 - 
47-41044430 
 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a 
public statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D), or (E) above and the Specified 
Future Date in the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public 
statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six 
months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in 
each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable):  
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or  
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof; and  
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for determining any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread, Benchmark Amendments or Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to conclusively 
rely on any determinations made by the Issuer, its designee or the Independent Adviser 
and will have no liability for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer, its designee 
or the Independent Adviser. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement 
(Independent Adviser)), if in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty in 
making any determination or calculation under this Condition 7, the Calculation Agent 
shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent 
in writing as to which course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly 
provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent 
shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur 
any liability for not doing so. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.  
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date 
to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) 
the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee has notified the

--- Page 87 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 87 - 
47-41044430 
 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day 
(except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).  
9. 
Change of Interest Basis 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the interest 
payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions) or Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions), each applicable only for the relevant 
periods specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and a Switch 
Option is also specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on one or more 
occasions, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, at its option (any such option, a "Switch 
Option"), having given notice to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) on or prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, 
change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or from Floating Rate to 
Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms with effect from (and including) 
the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the relevant Final Terms to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective Date), provided that 
(A) the Switch Option may be exercised only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon 
exercise of a Switch Option, the Interest Basis change will be effective from (and including) the 
relevant Switch Option Effective Date until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch 
Option Effective Date is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, up to and excluding 
the next following Switch Option Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is 
exercised), and (C) where a Switch Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch 
Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the 
Interest Basis shall not change, but without prejudice to the next following Switch Option, if any. 
"Switch Option Expiry Date" shall mean the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
such date being no less than two Business Days prior to the Switch Option Effective Date; and 
"Switch Option Effective Date" shall mean any date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
provided that any such date (i) shall be an Interest Payment Date and (ii) shall be deemed as such 
subject to the exercise of the relevant Switch Option having been notified by the Issuer to the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders pursuant to this Condition 9 and in 
accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) on or prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date. 
10. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 11 (Payments – Bearer Notes) and Condition 12 (Payments – Registered Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part, at its discretion: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' prior written notice to the Noteholders 
(with a copy to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent), or such other period(s) as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed 
for redemption, if, immediately before giving such notice, the Issuer satisfies the Trustee 
that it has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 13 (Taxation) and the Issuer cannot avoid any such payment obligation by 
taking reasonable measures available to it (provided that changing the jurisdiction of the 
Issuer is not a reasonable measure for purposes of this Condition 10(b)) as a result of:

--- Page 88 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 88 - 
47-41044430 
 
(A) 
any amendment to, or change in, the laws or treaties (or any regulations, protocols, 
or rulings promulgated thereunder) of a relevant Tax Jurisdiction which change 
or amendment is publicly announced and becomes effective on or after the date 
of Issue of the last Tranche of the Notes (or, if the applicable Tax Jurisdiction 
became a Tax Jurisdiction after the date of Issue of the last Tranche of the Notes); 
or 
(B) 
any amendment to, or change in, an official position, or the introduction of an 
official position, regarding the interpretation, administration or application of 
such laws, regulations, treaties or rulings (including by virtue of a holding, 
judgment or order by a court of competent jurisdiction or a change in published 
guidance or practice) which amendment, change or introduction is publicly 
announced and becomes effective after the date of issue of the last Tranche of the 
Notes (or, if the applicable Tax Jurisdiction became a Tax Jurisdiction on a date 
after the date of issue of the last Tranche of the Notes, such later date). 
The Issuer will not give any such notice of redemption earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obligated to make such payment or withholding if a payment in 
respect of the Notes was then due, and the obligation to pay additional amounts must be in effect 
at the time such notice is given. Prior to the publication or, where relevant, mailing of any notice 
of redemption of the Notes pursuant to the foregoing, the Issuer will deliver to the Trustee an 
Opinion of Counsel to the Trustee stating that there has been such amendment or change or 
introduction which would entitle the Issuer to redeem the Notes under this Condition 10(b). In 
addition, before the Issuer publishes or mails notice of redemption of the Notes as described in this 
Condition 10(b), it will deliver to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate stating that the obligation to 
pay additional amounts cannot be avoided by the Issuer, taking reasonable measures available to 
it. 
The Trustee will accept and shall be entitled to rely on such Officer's Certificate and Opinion of 
Counsel as sufficient evidence, without further enquiry, of the existence and satisfaction of the 
conditions precedent as described in this Condition 10(b), in which event it will be conclusive and 
binding on the Noteholders. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If Optional Redemption (Call) is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole 
or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) on 
the Issuer's giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (with a copy 
to the Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee), or such other period(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, which notice shall be irrevocable, but may (at the option of the Issuer) be 
conditional on one or more conditions precedent being satisfied, or waived by the Issuer, and shall 
oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the applicable amount specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (together, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Call)) at one of:  
(i) 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call); or 
(ii) 
the Make Whole Redemption Price. 
The "Make Whole Redemption Price" will, in respect of Notes to be redeemed, be  
(i) 
if "Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal 
amount of such Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price 
(expressed as a percentage), as reported in writing to the Issuer by the Determination Agent 
(if applicable), at which the Gross Redemption Yield to maturity (or, if applicable, to the 
Par Redemption Date) on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the sum of (x) the 
Gross Redemption Yield (as determined by reference to the middle market price) at the 
Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus (y) the Redemption 
Margin, as determined by the Determination Agent; or 
(ii) 
if "Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such

--- Page 89 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 89 - 
47-41044430 
 
Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price (expressed as a 
percentage), as reported in writing to the Issuer by the Determination Agent (if applicable), 
at which the yield to maturity (or, if applicable, yield to the Par Redemption Date) on such 
Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the sum of (x) the Reference Bond Rate at the 
Quotation Time on the Reference Date, plus (y) the Redemption Margin, as determined by 
the Determination Agent, 
provided however that, in the case of either (i) or (ii) above, if the Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
occurs on or after the Par Redemption Date (if any) specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Make 
Whole Redemption Price will be equal to 100 per cent of the principal amount of the Notes. The 
Issuer shall notify the Make Whole Redemption Price to the Principal Paying Agent not less than 
two Business Days prior to any redemption date. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call): On or after the Par Call Date 
and prior to the Maturity Date, if Issuer Maturity Par Call is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' notice, 
or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, in accordance with 
Condition 21 (Notices), to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
date fixed for redemption) (with a copy to the Trustee and Paying Agent), redeem the Notes then 
outstanding in whole, but not in part, at any time during the Maturity Par Redemption Period, at 
the Final Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms, together with any accrued and 
unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(e) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to 
be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Principal Paying Agent 
approves and in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent considers appropriate, subject to 
compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option 
of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, each Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes to be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) bears to the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes on such date. If any 
Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order 
to exercise the option contained in this Condition 10(f), the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together 
with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form 
obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall 
deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited 
with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 10(f), may be 
withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any 
such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly 
withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing 
Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option 
Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder 
against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held 
by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 10(f), the depositor of such Note and not such 
Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(g) 
Change of Control Put Option: If Change of Control Put Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, if at any time while any Note remains outstanding, a Change of Control 
Triggering Event occurs, each Noteholder will have the option (the "Change of Control Put

--- Page 90 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 90 - 
47-41044430 
 
Option") (unless, prior to the giving of the Change of Control Put Event Notice (as defined below), 
the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes under Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) or 
9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), or 10(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Issuer Maturity Par Call)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, to procure the 
purchase of, all or some of its Notes, on the Change of Control Redemption Date at the relevant 
Change of Control Redemption Amount together with (or where purchased, together with an 
amount equal to) interest accrued to, but excluding, the Change of Control Redemption Date. 
If a Change of Control Triggering Event occurs, then, within 30 days of the Issuer becoming aware 
that a Change of Control Triggering Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice (a "Change 
of Control Put Event Notice") to the Noteholders (with a copy to the Trustee and the Principal 
Paying Agent) in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of 
Control Triggering Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising 
the Change of Control Put Option contained in this Condition 10(g).  
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, a Noteholder must transfer or cause to be transferred 
its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Principal Paying Agent specified in 
the Change of Control Put Option Notice (as defined below) for the account of the Issuer within 
the period (the "Change of Control Put Period") of 30 days after a Change of Control Put Event 
Notice is given together with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the then current 
form obtainable from the Principal Paying Agent (a "Change of Control Put Option Notice") and 
in which the Noteholder may specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this 
Condition 10(g). 
A Change of Control Put Option Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem 
or, at the option of the Issuer procure the purchase of, the Notes in respect of which the Change of 
Control Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above, and subject to the transfer of 
such Notes to the account of the Principal Paying Agent for the account of the Issuer as described 
above by the date which is the fifth Business Day following the end of the Change of Control Put 
Period (the "Change of Control Redemption Date"). Payment in respect of such Notes will be 
made on the Change of Control Redemption Date by transfer to the bank account specified in the 
Change of Control Put Option Notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no responsibility for any cost or loss of whatever 
kind (including breakage costs) which the Noteholder may incur as a result of or in connection 
with such Noteholder's exercise or purported exercise of, or otherwise in connection with, any 
Change of Control Put Option (whether as a result of any purchase or redemption arising therefrom 
or otherwise). 
(h) 
Clean-up Call: If Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
and if, at any time (other than as a direct result of a redemption of some, but not all, of the Notes 
at the Make Whole Redemption Price at the Issuer's option pursuant to Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer)), the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes 
that is specified in the relevant Final Terms, or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes 
originally issued (and, for these purposes, any further Notes issued pursuant to Condition 20 
(Further Issues) and consolidated with the Notes as part of the same Series shall be deemed to have 
been originally issued) (the "Clean-up Call Threshold"), the Issuer may redeem all (but not some 
only) of the remaining outstanding Notes on any date (or, if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, on any Interest Payment Date) upon 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) (which notice shall specify the date for redemption 
and shall be irrevocable), at the Optional Redemption Amount (Clean-up Call) together with any 
accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Prior to the publication 
of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(h), the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee 
an Officer's Certificate stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth 
a statement of facts showing that the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is equal 
to or less than the Clean-up Call Threshold. The Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate

--- Page 91 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 91 - 
47-41044430 
 
as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the condition precedent set out above, in which event 
it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
(i) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g) and (h) above. 
(j) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the 
Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 10(j) or, 
if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(k) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market 
or otherwise and at any price and such Notes may be held, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, 
surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation (provided that, if the Notes are to be cancelled, 
they are purchased together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating to them). 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and any unmatured 
Coupons or unexchanged Talons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and all 
Notes so cancelled and any Notes cancelled pursuant to Condition 10(k) (Purchase) above 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons cancelled with them) may not be 
reissued or resold. 
11. 
Payments – Bearer Notes 
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by 
transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the 
Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at 
the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in 
paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office 
of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make 
payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due 
when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents 
is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) 
payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all cases 
to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice

--- Page 92 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 92 - 
47-41044430 
 
to the provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
(e) 
Commissions or Expenses: No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(f) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that 
if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing 
Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of 
principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due 
for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) 
as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons 
(the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise 
require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon 
shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) which 
the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal 
due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) 
above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
relevant missing Coupons.  
(g) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 11(g) is 
applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final 
redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 10(a) 
(Scheduled Redemption), 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer), Condition 10(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par 
Call)), Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), Condition 10(g) (Change of 
Control Put Option), 10(h) (Clean-up Call) or Condition 14 (Events of Default), all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be 
made in respect thereof. 
(h) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer 
Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be 
entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business 
Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of 
any such delay. 
(i) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted 
by paragraph (c) above).

--- Page 93 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 93 - 
47-41044430 
 
(j) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating 
the amount and date of such payment. 
(k) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time 
of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such 
Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent for a further 
Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of 
which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 15 (Prescription)). Upon the due 
date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become 
void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
12. 
Payments - Registered Notes 
This Condition 12 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note 
to the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent not later than the 15th day before the due date 
for any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency 
is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the 
payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency and (in the case of redemption) 
upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates 
at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to 
the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent not later than the 15th day before the due date 
for any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency 
is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the 
payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency and (in the case of interest 
payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the 
relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all 
cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation) and any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation)) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(d) 
Commissions or Expenses: No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in 
respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment 
instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the 
next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by 
cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on 
redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note 
Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office 
of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other than on redemption) 
on the due date for payment. A Holder of a Registered Note shall not be entitled to any interest or 
other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment 
not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition 12 
arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(f) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, 
the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in 
the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the 
amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(g) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as 
the Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office 
on the 15th day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date"). Where payment in

--- Page 94 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 94 - 
47-41044430 
 
respect of a Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address 
shown as the address of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record 
Date. 
13. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of, any present or future Taxes imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or 
on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction, unless the withholding or deduction of such Taxes is required 
by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would 
have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no 
such additional amounts shall be payable: 
(i) 
in respect of any Note or Coupon held by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such 
Taxes in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some connection with 
the jurisdiction by which such Taxes have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon, the enforcement of rights 
under such Note or the receipt of any payments in respect of such Note;  
(ii) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for 
payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder 
of such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
presenting or surrendering such Note or Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on the 
last day of such period of 30 days; 
(iii) 
in respect of any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, personal property or similar 
Taxes or excise tax imposed on a transfer of Notes; 
(iv) 
in respect of Taxes imposed on or with respect to a payment made to a Holder or 
beneficial owner of Notes who would have been able to avoid such withholding or 
deduction by presenting the relevant Notes to another Paying Agent; 
(v) 
in respect of any Taxes not payable by way of deduction or withholding from payments 
under, or with respect to, the Notes; 
(vi) 
in respect of any Taxes, to the extent such Taxes are imposed, withheld or deducted by 
reason of the failure of the Holder or beneficial owner of Notes to comply with any 
reasonable written request of the Issuer, addressed to the Holder and made at least 30 
days before any such withholding or deduction is to be made, to satisfy any certification, 
identification, information or other reporting requirements, whether required by statute, 
treaty, regulation or administrative practice of a Tax Jurisdiction, as a precondition to 
exemption from, or reduction in the rate of deduction or withholding of, Taxes imposed 
by the Tax Jurisdiction (including, without limitation, a certification that the Holder or 
beneficial owner is not resident in the Tax Jurisdiction), but in each case, only to the 
extent the Holder or beneficial owner is legally entitled to satisfy such requirement; 
(vii) 
in respect of any Tax that is imposed on or with respect to any payment made to any 
Holder who is a fiduciary or partnership or an entity that is not the sole beneficial owner 
of such payment, to the extent that a beneficiary or settlor (for tax purposes) with respect 
to such fiduciary, a member of such partnership or the beneficial owner of such payment 
would not have been entitled to such additional amounts had such beneficiary, settlor, 
member or beneficial owner been the actual Holder of the applicable Note; or 
(viii) 
in respect of any combination of paragraphs (i) through (vii) of this Condition. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than 
the Kingdom of Norway, references in these Conditions to the Kingdom of Norway shall be 
construed as references to such other jurisdiction instead of the Kingdom of Norway.

--- Page 95 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 95 - 
47-41044430 
 
14. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs, then the Trustee at its discretion 
may and, if so requested in writing by Holders of at least one quarter of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution, shall (subject to 
the Trustee having been indemnified and/or prefunded and/or provided with security to its 
satisfaction) give written notice to the Issuer declaring the Notes to be immediately due and 
payable, whereupon they shall become immediately due and payable at their Early Termination 
Amount together with accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality; provided that 
in the case of an Event of Default arising under Condition 14(f) (Insolvency, etc.), with respect to 
the Issuer, all then outstanding Notes will become due and payable immediately without further 
action or notice: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes on the due 
date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes within 30 
days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Trust Deed and such default remains unremedied 
for 90 days after given written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been 
delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Paying Agent; or  
(c) 
Cross-Acceleration: default under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there may 
be issued or by which there may be secured or evidenced any Indebtedness for money borrowed 
by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (or the payment of which is guaranteed by the 
Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries), whether such Indebtedness or guarantee now exists, 
or is created, after the Issue Date, if that default: 
(i) 
is caused by a failure to pay principal of such Indebtedness at final maturity thereof after 
giving effect to any applicable grace periods provided in such Indebtedness and such failure 
to make any payment has not been waived or the maturity of such Indebtedness has not 
been extended (a "Payment Default"); or 
(ii) 
results in the acceleration of such Indebtedness prior to its express maturity, 
and, in each case, the principal amount of any such Indebtedness, together with the principal 
amount of any other such Indebtedness under which there has been a Payment Default or the 
maturity of which has been so accelerated, aggregates U.S.$150.0 million or more (or its equivalent 
in any other currency); or provided, however, that if (i) any such Payment Default is cured or 
waived, (ii) any such acceleration is rescinded, or (iii) such Indebtedness is repaid, in each case, 
during the 30 Business Day period commencing upon the end of any applicable grace period for 
such Payment Default or the occurrence of such acceleration, as the case may be, any Default or 
Event of Default or any acceleration of the Notes caused by such Payment Default or acceleration 
shall be automatically rescinded, so long as such rescission does not conflict with any judgment, 
decree or applicable law; or 
(d) 
Judgment Default: failure by the Issuer, any Significant Subsidiary or any group of Restricted 
Subsidiaries that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary, to pay final judgments 
entered by a court or courts of competent jurisdiction aggregating in excess of U.S.$150.0 million 
(or its equivalent in any other currency) (net of any amount with respect to which a reputable and 
solvent insurance company has acknowledged liability in writing), which judgments are not paid, 
discharged, stayed or fully bonded for a period of 60 days (or, if later, the date when payment is 
due pursuant to such judgment); or 
(e) 
Cessation of business: the Issuer ceases its business following (i) a consolidation, amalgamation, 
or merger into another Person (whether or not the Issuer is the surviving corporation) or (ii) the 
Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise 
dispose of all or substantially all of the properties or assets to another Person, unless pursuant to a 
Permitted Reorganisation; or

--- Page 96 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 96 - 
47-41044430 
 
(f) 
Insolvency, etc. 
(i) 
the entry by a court of competent jurisdiction of (A) a decree or order for relief in respect 
of the Issuer, any Significant Subsidiary or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that, taken 
together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary, in an involuntary case or proceeding 
under any applicable Bankruptcy Law or (B) a decree or order adjudging the Issuer, any 
Significant Subsidiary or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that, taken together, would 
constitute a Significant Subsidiary, bankrupt or insolvent, or, other than on a solvent basis, 
seeking reorganisation, arrangement, adjustment or composition of or in respect of the 
Issuer, any Significant Subsidiary or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that, taken 
together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary, under any applicable law, or, other than 
on a solvent basis, appointing a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, 
sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Issuer, any Significant Subsidiary or any group 
of Restricted Subsidiaries that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary or 
of any substantial part of their respective properties or, other than on a solvent basis, 
ordering the winding up or liquidation of their affairs, in each case other than as a result of, 
or in connection with, any liquidation, winding up, dissolution or corporate reorganisation 
on a solvent basis, and any such decree, order or appointment pursuant to any Bankruptcy 
Law for relief shall continue to be in effect, or any such other decree, appointment or order 
shall be unstayed and in effect, for a period of 60 consecutive days; and  
(ii) 
(A) the Issuer, any Significant Subsidiary or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that, taken 
together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary, (x) commences a voluntary case or 
proceeding under any applicable Bankruptcy Law or any other case or proceeding to be 
adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent or (y) consents to the filing of a petition, application, 
answer or consent seeking reorganisation or relief under any applicable Bankruptcy Law, 
(B) the Issuer, any Significant Subsidiary or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that, taken 
together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary consents to the entry of a decree or order 
for relief in respect of the Issuer, such Significant Subsidiary or such group, in an 
involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable Bankruptcy Law or to the 
commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency case or proceeding against it or, (C) the 
Issuer, any Significant Subsidiary or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that, taken 
together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary, (x) consents to the appointment of, or 
taking possession by, a custodian, receiver, liquidator, administrator, supervisor, assignee, 
trustee, sequestrator or similar official of the Issuer, such Significant Subsidiary or such 
group of any substantial part of their respective properties, or (y) makes an assignment for 
the benefit of creditors, except in each case as a result of or in connection with, any 
liquidation, winding up, dissolution or corporate reorganisation on a solvent basis. 
15. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within 
ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant 
Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date.  
16. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the 
Registrar, in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which 
requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying 
Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of 
the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, 
security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced 
Notes, Note Certificates or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
17. 
Trustee and Agents 
Under the Trust Deed, the Trustee is entitled to be indemnified, secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction and relieved from responsibility in certain circumstances and to be paid its costs and

--- Page 97 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 97 - 
47-41044430 
 
expenses in priority to the claims of the Noteholders. In addition, the Trustee is entitled to enter 
into business transactions with the Issuer and any entity relating to the Issuer without accounting 
for any profit. 
In the exercise of its powers and discretions under these Conditions and the Trust Deed, the Trustee 
will have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and will not be responsible for any 
consequence for individual Holders of Notes as a result of such Holders being connected in any 
way with a particular territory or taxing jurisdiction. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and (to the extent provided therein) the Trustee and do not 
have any fiduciary duties or assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for 
or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The Calculation Agent (if 
any) shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right with the prior 
approval of the Trustee any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint 
a successor agent or registrar or Calculation Agent and additional or successor agents; provided, 
however, that for so long as the relevant Notes remain outstanding: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a principal paying agent and a registrar; and  
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer 
shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the 
place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given by 
the Issuer to the Noteholders.  
18. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver, Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision 
of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or by the Trustee and shall be convened 
by Trustee upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in 
principal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding.  
The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes, or at any adjourned meeting, one or more Persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, 
that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting 
of Noteholders at which one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds of 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than one-third of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes. The Trust Deed provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened 
and held in accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths 
of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding (which 
may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on 
behalf of one or more Noteholders) or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through 
the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee) by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, 
in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary 
Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they 
are present at any meeting, and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all

--- Page 98 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 98 - 
47-41044430 
 
Couponholders. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding 
on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
Any meeting of the Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such other method 
(which may include, without limitation, a conference call or video conference) as the Trustee may 
determine in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver: The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, agree to any 
modification of these Conditions, the Notes, the Trust Deed (other than in respect of a Reserved 
Matter) which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, proper to make if, in the opinion of the Trustee, 
such modification will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of Noteholders and to any 
modification of these Conditions, the Notes or the Trust Deed which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is to correct a manifest error.  
In addition, the Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, authorise or waive any 
proposed breach or breach of these Conditions, the Notes, the Trust Deed (other than a proposed 
breach or breach relating to the subject of a Reserved Matter) if, in the opinion of the Trustee, the 
interests of the Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced thereby. 
In addition, pursuant to Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions), certain changes may be made 
to the interest calculation provisions of the Floating Rate Notes in the circumstances and as 
otherwise set out in such Condition, without the requirement for consent of the Noteholders.  
In accordance with these Conditions and the Trust Deed, the Trustee shall agree to vary or amend 
the Conditions, the Notes, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such 
amendments provided however it shall not be obliged to concur with the Issuer in respect of any 
such amendments which, in its sole opinion, would have the effect of (i) exposing the Trustee to 
any liabilities against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction or (ii) increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or protections of the 
Trustee in the Trust Deed and/or these Conditions. 
Any such authorisation, waiver or modification shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders 
as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(c) 
Substitution: The Trust Deed contains provisions under which a subsidiary of the Issuer may, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, assume the obligations of the Issuer as principal debtor 
under the Trust Deed and the Notes provided that certain conditions specified in the Trust Deed 
are fulfilled. 
No Noteholder shall, in connection with any substitution, be entitled to claim any indemnification 
or payment in respect of any tax consequence thereof for such Noteholder, except to the extent 
provided for in Condition 13 (Taxation) (or any undertaking given in addition to or substitution for 
it pursuant to the provisions of the Trust Deed). 
19. 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, institute such proceedings as it 
thinks fit to enforce its rights under the Trust Deed in respect of the Notes, but it shall not be bound 
to do so unless: 
(i) 
it has been so requested in writing by Noteholders of at least one quarter of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes or has been so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution; and 
(ii) 
it has been indemnified and/or provided with security and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
No Noteholder may proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound 
to do so, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
20. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
and in accordance with the Trust Deed, create and issue further notes having the same terms and

--- Page 99 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 99 - 
47-41044430 
 
conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so 
as to form a single series with the Notes. The Issuer may from time to time with the consent of the 
Trustee, create and issue other series of notes having the benefit of the Trust Deed. 
21. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Notices to the Noteholders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial 
Times) and, if the Bearer Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it 
is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, a leading newspaper having general circulation 
in Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or, if such publication is not practicable, in a 
leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published 
in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the 
required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the Noteholders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: Notices to the Noteholders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first 
class mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective 
addresses on the Register and, if the Registered Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, notices to Noteholders 
will be published on the date of such mailing in a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or, if such publication is not practicable, in a 
leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. 
22. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment 
given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in 
which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency 
(the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, 
(b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or 
judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on 
the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the 
Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any 
discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question 
from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such 
Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second 
currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, 
judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action. 
23. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
24. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes, the Trust Deed and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and the Trust Deed are governed by English law.

--- Page 100 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 100 - 
47-41044430 
 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The Issuer has in the Trust Deed (i) agreed that the courts of England shall have 
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes; (ii) agreed that those courts are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any 
Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue that any other courts are more appropriate or 
convenient; (iii) designated persons in England to accept service of any process on its behalf; (iv) 
consented to the enforcement of any judgment; and (v) to the extent that it may in any jurisdiction 
claim for itself or its assets immunity from suit, execution, attachment (whether in aid of execution, 
before judgment or otherwise) or other legal process, and to the extent that in any such jurisdiction 
there may be attributed to itself or its assets or revenues such immunity (whether or not claimed), 
agreed not to claim and irrevocably waived such immunity to the full extent permitted by the laws 
of such jurisdiction. The Trust Deed also states that nothing contained in the Trust Deed prevents 
the Trustee or any of the Noteholders from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") 
in any other courts with jurisdiction and that, to the extent allowed by law, the Trustee or any of 
the Noteholders may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(c) 
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being 
delivered to Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at its registered address at 8th Floor, 100 
Bishopsgate, London, EC2N 4AG, or to such other person with an address in England or Wales 
and/or at such other address in England or Wales as the Issuer may specify by notice in writing to 
the Noteholders. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process 
in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to 
Proceedings elsewhere. 
(d) 
Consent to enforcement etc.: The Issuer consents generally in respect of any Proceedings to the 
giving of any relief or the issue of any process in connection with such Proceedings including 
(without limitation) the making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever 
(irrespective of its use or intended use) of any order or judgment which is made or given in such 
Proceedings.

--- Page 101 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 101 - 
47-41044430 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA")  and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")]/[EU 
MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor")]/[distributor] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (the "SFA"), the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that 
the Notes are "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018).]

--- Page 102 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 102 - 
47-41044430 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
Vår Energi ASA 
(incorporated as a public limited liability company (Nw. allmennaksjeselskap) under the laws of Norway) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Legal entity Identifier (LEI): 549300LIVN3FFOJN2K47 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 3 March 2023 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus 
dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented].]1 Full information on the Issuer and the 
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement dated [•]]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement] [is/are] available for 
viewing at the registered office[s] of the Issuer at [•]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement] and, in the 
case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the relevant 
Final Terms will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
 
Issuer: 
[•] 
2. 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
[(iii) Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [•] on [[•]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 24 below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [•]].] 
3. 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
[(i)] [Series]: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) Tranche: 
[•]] 
5. 
 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [•] (if applicable)] 
6. 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
1 In case of unlisted notes, references to requirements under the Prospectus Regulation must be deleted.

--- Page 103 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 103 - 
47-41044430 
 
(Note – where Bearer multiple denominations 
above €100,000 or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].")) 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
9. 
 Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[•][•] [EURIBOR/SONIA/SONIA Compounded 
Index/SOFR/SOFR Compounded Index/€STR]+/– 
[•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
10. 
 Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [•]/[100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
11.  
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any Fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 
below and identify there/Not Applicable] 
 
[(i) Switch Options: 
[Applicable – [specify change(s) in Interest Basis 
and the relevant Interest Periods to which the 
change(s) 
in 
Interest 
Basis 
applies]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(N.B. The Issuer must give notice of the exercise of 
the Switch Option to Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 21 (Notices) on or prior to the 
relevant Switch Option Expiry Date)2 
 
 
(ii) Switch Option Expiry Date(s) 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) Switch Option Effective Date(s)] 
[•] 
 
12. 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Optional Redemption (Call)] 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call] 
[Put Option] 
 
2  If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
agent.

--- Page 104 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 104 - 
47-41044430 
 
 
 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[Not Applicable]  
 
 
[See paragraph [16/17/18/19/20] below] 
13.  
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained]: 
[•] 
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14.  
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[(if a Change of Interest Basis applies): [Applicable 
for the period starting from [and including] [●] 
ending on [but excluding] [●])] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
OR 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Fixed Coupon Amount for a short or 
long 
Interest 
Period 
("Broken 
Amount(s)") 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360/ other] 
 
(vi) Unmatured Coupons void: 
Condition 11(g) (Unmatured Coupons void) is 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
15.  
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[(if a Change of Interest Basis applies): [Applicable 
for the period starting from [and including] [●] 
ending on [but excluding] [●])] 
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
(iii) [First Interest Payment Date]: 
[•] 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/No Adjustment]

--- Page 105 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 105 - 
47-41044430 
 
 
(v) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(vi) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) Calculation Agent: 
[•] 
 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[•][•] 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/SONIA 
Compounded Index/SOFR Compounded Index] 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 
/ 
[•]] 
TARGET 
Settlement 
Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/London 
Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5 
/ 
[•]] 
TARGET 
Settlement 
Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/London 
Banking Days /Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[•] ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Index Determination  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SONIA Compounded Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SOFR Compounded Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Decimal Place 
[•] / [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, it should be the fifth decimal place) 
 
• 
Relevant Number of Index 
Days 
[•] / [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period]/ (select where Interest Determination Date 
has the meaning specified in Condition 7(e), 7(f) or 
7(g)) [•] [London Banking Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/TARGET Settlement 
Days] prior to each Interest Payment Date] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
 
(ix) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•]

--- Page 106 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 106 - 
47-41044430 
 
(The Floating Rate Option should be selected from 
one of: CHF-SARON / EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 
2006 ISDA Definitions apply) EUR-EURIBOR (if 
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-€STR / EUR-
€STR Compounded Index / GBP SONIA / GBP 
SONIA Compounded Index / HKD-HONIA / JPY-
TONA / USD-SOFR / USD-SOFR Compounded 
Index (each as defined in the ISDA Definitions). 
These are the options envisaged by the terms and 
conditions) 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
(Designated Maturity will not be relevant where the 
Floating Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in [(v)] above and as specified 
in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
-  
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
• 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [[•] / Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
• 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business 
Days 
• 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[[•]/Applicable Business Days]] 
 
• 
Averaging 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
• 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [[•]/Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout

--- Page 107 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 107 - 
47-41044430 
 
• 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business 
Days 
• 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[[•]/Applicable Business Days]] 
 
• 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [[•] / Not Applicable] 
 
(x) [Linear interpolation 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
(xi) Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less 
than zero] / [The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not 
be less than [•] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[•] 
16.  
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Reference Price: 
(iii) Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[•] 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / other] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17.  
Optional Redemption (Call) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call): 
[•] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[•] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount[/Make-whole 
Redemption Price]  
[(in the case of the Optional Redemption Dates 
falling on [•]/[in the period from and including 
[date])] 
 
[(iii) Make Whole Redemption Price: 
[Non-Sterling 
Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Amount/Sterling 
Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Amount/Not Applicable]

--- Page 108 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 108 - 
47-41044430 
 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs (a) – (e) of this paragraph)] 
 
(a) Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond] 
 
(b) Quotation Time: 
[•] 
 
(c) Redemption Margin: 
[•] per cent. 
 
(d) Reference Dealers: 
[•] 
 
(e) Par Redemption Date: 
[•]/Not Applicable 
 
(iv) Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(v) Notice period: 
[•] 
18.  
Issuer Maturity Par Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Par Call Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) Maturity Par Redemption Period: 
[•] 
 
(iii) Notice periods: 
[•] 
19.  
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put): 
[•] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Put) of each Note and method, if 
any, 
of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) Notice period: 
[•] 
20.  
Change of Control Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(i) 
Change of Control Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[•]  
 
(ii) Put Period 
30 days 
21.  
Clean-up Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Clean-up Call Threshold: 
[•] per cent. 
 
(ii) Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Clean-up Call): 
[•] 
 
(iii) Notice Period 
[•] 
22.  
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[•] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 109 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 109 - 
47-41044430 
 
23.  
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Notice period: 
[•] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24.  
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes:  
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in 
the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice] 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in 
the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Individual Note Certificate]/[Global Registered 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Individual 
Note 
Certificates]/[Global Registered Note registered in 
the name of a nominee of [a common depositary for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]/[a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (that is, held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure (NSS))]] 
25.  
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No][/[Not Applicable]] 
26.  
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment, and not 
the end dates of interest periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraph 14(v) relates] 
27.  
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are left.] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Vår Energi ASA:

--- Page 110 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 110 - 
47-41044430 
 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 111 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 111 - 
47-41044430 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
 LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
 
 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed 
on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market 
with effect from [•].] [Not Applicable.] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
 (ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
 RATINGS 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to 
be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
 
Ratings: 
[Standard & Poor's: [•]] 
 
 
[Moody's: [•]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [•]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [•]] 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the UK 
or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA 
and 
registered 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] appears 
on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not

--- Page 112 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 112 - 
47-41044430 
 
been certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation 
(UK).] 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified 
under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA 
and has applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation"), 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the [relevant competent authority] 
/[European Securities and Markets Authority]. 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating agencies 
(as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA 
website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ( the "CRA Regulation (UK)").] /[[ Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the 
"CRA Regulation (UK)").]/ [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "CRA 
Regulation (UK)") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the CRA 
Regulation (UK).] 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and not 
applied for registration and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA

--- Page 113 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 113 - 
47-41044430 
 
and is neither registered nor has it applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). [[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of the 
list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation (UK)").] /[[ Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the 
EEA or certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of the 
list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on [FCA]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not 
been certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the

--- Page 114 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 114 - 
47-41044430 
 
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the 
UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which 
is established and registered under the CRA 
Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the CRA 
Regulation (UK) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the 
EEA or the UK but the rating it has given to the 
Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed 
by [[insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the 
UK and relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
CRA Regulation (EU) or the CRA Regulation 
(UK) but CRA is certified under the CRA 
Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the CRA 
Regulation (UK) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the 
EEA or the UK but is certified under [Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation")][and][ 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or 
the UK nor certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
or the UK CRA Regulation and relevant rating is 
not endorsed under the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the 
EEA or the UK and is not certified under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation") or Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in either the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 115 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 115 - 
47-41044430 
 
[need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if these have previously been 
published by the rating provider] 
3. 
 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 (Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by 
the inclusion of the statement below:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
 [Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
5. 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(v) 
 Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date 
hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does 
not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and

--- Page 116 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 116 - 
47-41044430 
 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] 
does not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name 
of administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
6. 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated: 
(A) Names of Dealers 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s), if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iv) U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(v) [Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products, 
"Applicable" should be specified.)] 
 
(vi) [Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 117 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 117 - 
47-41044430 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products, "Applicable" should be specified.)] 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED 
NET 
AMOUNT 
OF 
PROCEEDS 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[•] 
[See 
["Use 
of 
Proceeds"] 
in 
Base 
Prospectus/Give details] [If reasons differ from what 
is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give details 
here.] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•]

--- Page 118 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 118 - 
47-41044430 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the general financing purposes of the Issuer. 
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 119 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 119 - 
47-41044430 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Bearer Global Note, references in the Conditions of 
the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note which, for so 
long as the Bearer Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a Classic 
Global Note ("CGN"), or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, 
as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Conditions 
of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered Note is 
for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held by or 
on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common 
safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Bearer Global Note or a Global Registered Note 
(each an "Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such 
other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made 
by the Issuer to the holder of such Bearer Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other 
rights arising under such Bearer Global Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and the 
manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Bearer Global Note or Global 
Registered Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes 
are represented by a Bearer Global Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim 
directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer 
will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Bearer Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Bearer Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Conditions 
of the Notes as they apply to such Bearer Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a 
summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Bearer Global Note which, according to the Conditions of the 
Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Individual Note Certificate or Coupon will be made 
against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) 
surrender of the Bearer Global Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy 
and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. All payments in respect of 
the Global Registered Note will be upon application at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the 
Paying Agents. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the 
Bearer Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule 
thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Bearer Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, a "Payment 
Business Day" shall be, if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day 
and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if 
any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System 
Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being 
held is open for business.

--- Page 120 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 120 - 
47-41044430 
 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note 
or a Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the 
Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to 
be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction 
in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Exercise of Change of Control Put Option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 10(g) 
(Change of Control Put Option) the bearer of a Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered 
Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note give notice of 
such exercise to the Principal Paying Agent, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, specifying the principal amount of 
Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not 
be withdrawn. 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 21 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note 
and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), 
or Global Registered Note is deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes 
are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or 
regulations, such notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution: While any Global Note or Global Registered Note is held on 
behalf of a clearing system, then:  
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee (as the case may be) given by way 
of electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications systems of the 
relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf 
of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an 
"Electronic Consent" as defined in the Trust Deed) shall, for all purposes (including matters that 
would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which a special 
quorum was satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of 
Coupons, Talons and Receipts whether or not they participated in such Electronic Consent; and  
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) has been validly passed, the Issuer and the Trustee shall 
be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer and/or the 
Trustee, as the case may be, by (a) accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such 
Global Note or a Global Registered Note and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such 
entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the 
person identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the 
purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer and the 
Trustee shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) 
above, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the 
"relevant clearing system") and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the 
accountholder identified by the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any 
resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if 
the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any such 
certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records 
provided by the relevant clearing system (including, but not limited to, Euroclear's EUCLID or 
EASYWAY or Clearstream, Luxembourg's CreationOnline) in accordance with its usual 
procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes

--- Page 121 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 121 - 
47-41044430 
 
is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. Neither the Issuer or the Trustee 
shall be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any 
certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and 
subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 122 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 122 - 
47-41044430 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Overview 
We are one of the largest independent oil and gas producers in Norway, measured by production and 
reserves, operating exclusively on the Norwegian Continental Shelf ("NCS") with a diverse mix of assets 
in the North Sea, Norwegian Sea and Barents Sea. As of 31 December 2022, we had ownership interests in 
45 fields containing reserves, where 36 fields are producing. In January 2023, we were awarded 12 new 
licences on the NCS, five of which were as operator, bringing our total number of licences held to 158, with 
53 as operator. Equinor is the operator for the majority of our partner-operated assets, with Shell and 
ConocoPhillips operating certain of our key assets such as Ormen Lange and the Greater Ekofisk Area. We 
are headquartered in Sandnes, Norway, with branch offices in Hammerfest and Oslo, and had 977 full-time 
employees as of 31 December 2022. Since our founding in 2018, we have grown through a combination of 
organic growth and strategic acquisition activity, including the acquisition of ExxonMobil's partner-
operated NCS portfolio in 2019. We are currently listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange under the symbol 
"VAR". 
The Issuer, the parent company of the Vår Energi group, is a Norwegian public limited liability company 
(Nw. allmennaksjeselskap), incorporated under the laws of Norway. The Issuer was incorporated on 20 
May 1965. Its registration number is 919 160 675. The address and telephone number of our registered 
office is Vestre Svanholmen 1, 4313 Sandnes, Norway and +47 50 60 60 60. Our business address is Vår 
Energi ASA, PO Box 101, NO-4068 Stavanger, Norway and our website address is www.varenergi.no.  
Our average net production for the year ended 31 December 2022 was 220.1 kboepd (37 per cent. gas), of 
which 18 per cent. was from operated fields and 82 per cent. was from partner-operated fields. As of 31 
December 2022, our total net 2P reserves were estimated to be 1,070 MMboe.  
Our portfolio of operated and partner-operated assets consists of a balanced mix of world class mature 
assets with a strong track record and large reserve base (including Balder and Ringhorne, Snorre, Grane, 
Ekofisk, Statfjord, Ormen Lange and Åsgard), assets that recently started production (including Goliat and 
Snorre Expansion), as well as development projects driving growth (including, but not limited to, Balder 
Future, Johan Castberg and Breidablikk). In line with our hub centric organization, we are strengthening 
our capabilities to pursue growth in our operated hub areas such as Balder and Goliat. The hub strategy will 
also realize synergies with our partner operated assets creating additional value by leveraging technical 
expertise and applying sound business judgement. The joint activities with Equinor around Balder and 
Grane demonstrate mutual benefits of such collaboration. 
The following map sets forth the geographic locations of our key assets.

--- Page 123 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 123 - 
47-41044430 
 
Our history 
We were established in December 2018 through the merger of Eni Norge AS and Point Resources AS, 
building on a legacy of nearly 60 years of successful operation and exploration activity on the NCS. Eni 
Norge AS was founded in 1965, while Point Resources AS was created through the merger of three 
HitecVision portfolio companies in 2015, which then acquired the Norwegian operated upstream assets of 
ExxonMobil in 2017. 
In December 2019, we completed an agreement with ExxonMobil to acquire its partner-operated upstream 
assets in Norway. Through this acquisition, we became the largest independent producer on the NCS at the 
time of completion (excluding Petoro, which is fully government-owned without operatorship, and Equinor, 
which is majority government-owned). 
Building on the operational resources and technical expertise of the Eni S.p.A. group and the heritage of 
ExxonMobil's upstream assets in Norway, we have leveraged the strength of two supermajors in our 
continued development of competencies and best practices over time. 
In February 2022, we listed our shares on the Oslo Stock Exchange (symbol: VAR) in connection with our 
initial public offering. As of 31 December 2022, we had more than 29,000 shareholders. We also benefit 
from support from the Italy-based integrated energy company Eni S.p.A, through Eni International B.V. 
(which held 63.08% of our issued share capital as of 31 December 2022) and Norway-based leading private 
equity investor HitecVision, through Point Resources Holding AS (which held 20.74% of our issued share 
capital as of 31 December 2022). We carry out all transactions with related parties on the basis of the "arm's-
length" principle to ensure equal treatment of our shareholders. 
Our assets 
Our portfolio provides us with a robust platform of oil and gas production and reserves and contingent 
resources. The following table provides a summary of our key assets and the reserves and average net 
production therefrom for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022. 
 
 
Average net production (kboepd) 
Net reserves 
(MMboe) 
Year ended 31 December  
As of 31 
December 2022 
Asset Group 
Hub 
2021 
2022 
2P 
Balder Area ..........................  
Balder 
19.5 
17.2 
212 
Grane Area ...........................  
Balder 
16.4 
12.3 
100 
Goliat ...................................  
Barents Sea 
22.7 
21.1 
59 
Johan Castberg .....................  
Barents Sea 
— 
— 
174 
Åsgard Area .........................  
Norwegian Sea 
60.7 
54.8 
126 
Kristin Area .........................  
Norwegian Sea 
16.8 
16.1 
36 
Ormen Lange .......................  
Norwegian Sea 
13.5 
11 
39 
Fenja Area ...........................  
Norwegian Sea 
— 
— 
40 
Snorre Area ..........................  
North Sea 
26.4 
27.6 
95 
Statfjord Area ......................  
North Sea 
15.5 
12.1 
32 
Greater Ekofisk Area ...........  
North Sea 
21.6 
18.9 
92 
Fram Area ............................  
North Sea 
11.2 
11.1 
21 
Others ..................................  
Norwegian Sea / North Sea 
21.6 
17.9 
44 
Total ............................................................................................ 
245.9 
220.1 
1070 
Reserves 
As of 31 December 2022, our net 2P reserves were estimated to be 1,070 MMboe (77 per cent. liquids and 
23 per cent. gas). We expect to continue to grow this reserve base through a balance of exploration of new 
areas, acquisitions and the continued development of our existing fields and discoveries. 
Competitive Strengths 
Low risk and diversified production base, with leading R/P and world-class operators 
Our production and reserves exhibit low field concentration and a high degree of diversity across the NCS. 
As of 31 December 2022, our top-producing area represented only 12 per cent. of our 2P reserves and our 
five largest fields represented approximately 55 per cent. of total proved and probable reserves. For the year 
ended 31 December 2022, our top three assets represented only 31.5 per cent. of our average net production. 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, our net production was distributed across four major hub areas (the

--- Page 124 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 124 - 
47-41044430 
 
Balder Area, the Barents Sea, the Norwegian Sea and the North Sea). Furthermore, our reserves are 
geographically diversified with 29 per cent. in the Balder Area, 22 per cent. in the Barents Sea 25 per cent. 
in the Norwegian Sea and 24 per cent. in the North Sea as of 31 December 2022. We believe that the 
geographical diversity of our portfolio is a differentiating factor from other independent exploration and 
production ("E&P") companies on the NCS. Our reserves-to-production ratio of 13.3 years (based on full-
year 2022 2P reserves and production data) is also a leading figure among our NCS peers. 
Our portfolio is well balanced between oil and gas, with 2P reserves as of 31 December 2022 consisting of 
72 per cent. oil and condensate, 23 per cent. gas, and 5 per cent. NGL. Production for the year ended 31 
December 2022 consisted of 56.2 per cent. oil, 37.1 per cent. gas and 6.7 per cent. NGL. We limit exposure 
to price fluctuations for specific products through the diversification of crude oil qualities, which allows 
crude to be utilised by several refineries in Northern Europe.  
Our operated fields present opportunities to obtain a beneficial position with respect to investment decisions, 
cost measures and technical capabilities, which contribute to our ability to deliver a strong long-term 
reserves replacement ratio.  
The Balder/Ringhorne and Goliat fields are the largest of our operated assets, with average net production 
of 17.2 kboepd and 21.1 kboepd, respectively, for the year ended 31 December 2022. Together, our operated 
fields accounted for average net production of 40.7 kboepd for the year ended 31 December 2022, or 18 
per cent. of average net production over the same period. We also actively work to maximise the value of 
partner-operated assets, which accounted for 179.4 kboepd for the year ended 31 December 2022, or 82 per 
cent. of average net production over the same period. 
Benefits from strong European gas demand, playing a key role in European energy security 
Norway is today the biggest supplier of natural gas to Europe and delivers critical gas supply to European 
markets, supporting energy security in the short, medium and long term. We have a clear gas sales strategy, 
with long term clients, flexible pricing indexes, and exit points to the key markets in UK and EU. This 
makes us a predictable and sustainable gas supplier in volatile markets. 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, our average net production was 220.1 kboepd, with gas production 
representing 37.1 per cent. of total production. Our gas production provides material exposure to the upside 
presented by the European gas market's strong prices and structurally positive outlook. We are committed 
to delivering critical gas supplies to the European market in order to support energy security in the region, 
as evidenced by the exportation of 100 per cent. of our gas production to Europe during the fourth quarter 
of 2022. 
Our ability to sell into different European markets with a mix of spot (with approximately 40% of gas linked 
to the daily spot market) and short-term and long-term contracts, together with flexible pricing dynamics, 
supports our strong cash flow generation while also providing a robust ESG profile.  Approximately 70 per 
cent. of the gas that we sell is subject to long-term offtake contracts. For downside protection we target to 
sell up to 30 per cent. of the gas production  on a firm fixed price basis, while remaining gas is planned to 
be  priced on a day- or month-ahead basis. 
Low cost, resilient and material cash flow generation 
Our performance has been resilient despite difficult market conditions in recent years, with EBITDAX of 
U.S.$1.7 billion and U.S.$4.8 billion for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021, respectively, and 
average production costs of U.S.$9.9/boe and U.S.$12.0/boe over the same periods. Through future 
developments and cost-saving initiatives, we have targeted a reduction of production costs over the medium 
term as new projects come onstream and cost savings are achieved. 
We prioritise operational efficiency and are targeting a reduction of production costs in the medium term 
as new projects come onstream and cost savings are achieved. We intend to achieve this target through (i) 
bringing ongoing development projects onstream, including Balder Future and major partner-operated asset 
developments such as Johan Castberg and Breidablikk and (ii) cost reductions and portfolio management, 
including uptime improvements, lifetime extension programmes, strategic supplier partnerships and 
collaborations, circular economy initiatives, cost sharing with other operators, digitalisation and new 
technologies.  
The Goliat improvement programme provides an example of our efforts to increase operational efficiency. 
Through the programme, we increased uptime at Goliat from 75 per cent. in 2019 to 89.2 per cent. for the

--- Page 125 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 125 - 
47-41044430 
 
year ended 31 December 2022. We are targeting further increases to uptime through 2023. The programme 
also contributed to a 30 per cent. reduction in gross operating expenses at Goliat through the normalisation 
of operations, reduced maintenance and optimisation of logistics and staffing. Our approved long range 
plan at Goliat includes an ambition to reduce gross operating expenses through 2030 through logistics-
sharing with other operators in the Barents Sea and sharing of operating expenses with third party tie-ins, 
in addition to the pursuit of further maintenance rationalisation and improved organisational efficiencies. 
We also actively seek to apply technological solutions to unlock field potential. Among other technical 
achievements, we applied the industry's first subsea retrofit multilateral wells at Goliat. Other technological 
projects include managed pressure drilling, smart completions and the increased use of digital solutions. 
We strive to leverage digital innovation to accomplish our strategic priorities, with digital initiatives relating 
to field worker efficiency, drilling performance, maintenance integrity, project design, production and 
inventory optimisation and data-driven sustainability solutions. 
We have long-term strategic partnerships with Aker Solutions, Ocean Installer and Saipem which relate to  
subsea equipment and installation. We intend to develop similar partnerships across our entire supply chain. 
Furthermore, we are working with our partners to create economies of scale, reduce costs and enhanced 
competitiveness, for example through rig sharing with Equinor in the Barents Sea for use of Transocean 
Enabler and with Neptune in the Norwegian Sea. These partnerships allow us to optimise capacity 
utilisation and reduce costs by using “warm” rigs that we know perform well. We are also launching the 
Norwegian Logistic Project with Equinor, through which we are aiming to make our logistical operations 
more efficient as well as reduce costs and emissions. 
Credit supportive tax regime, de-risking sanctioned growth profile and reducing cash flow volatility 
Our financial profile is supported by the Norwegian fiscal regime, which allows exploration and production 
companies to effectively offset exploration costs, development costs and operational expenditure at a 
marginal tax rate of 78 per cent. against their tax liabilities. In addition, in an effort to maintain oil and gas 
investments during a period of falling oil prices and reduced activity due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the 
Norwegian government on 19 June 2020 enacted temporary targeted changes to Norway's petroleum tax 
system for investments incurred in 2020 and 2021 and for certain new projects with final investment 
decisions submitted by the end of 2022. As a result, development costs incurred in the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 2021, as well as certain future development costs, may be offset against tax liabilities 
at an even higher nominal tax rate.  
In June 2022, the Norwegian government enacted a new tax regime for oil and gas companies. The new 
regime includes the ability for field investments (such as platforms, subsea installations, processing 
facilities, production wells and pipelines) to be directly expensed in the SPT base as incurred and calculated 
ordinary CT to be deducted against the SPT base. In order to maintain an overall marginal tax rate at 78 per 
cent., the SPT rate has been increased to 71.8 per cent., reducing the effect of CT from 22 per cent. to 6.2 
per cent. The cash value of SPT losses, including exploration costs, will be refunded annually. 
These features of the Norwegian fiscal regime offer a number of benefits, including (i) risk-sharing with 
the government for investment and exploration activity, (ii) the improvement of near-term liquidity and 
reduction in cash flow volatility and (iii) protection against downside risk and liquidity support in the event 
of adverse market conditions. 
Investment grade balance sheet, prudent financial policies and strong focus on deleveraging 
We believe our investment grade balance sheet and capital structure provide flexibility and a strong long-
term outlook. We have obtained BBB and Baa3 credit ratings from S&P and Moody's, respectively, and 
are committed to maintaining an investment grade rating. Our target net leverage through-cycle is 1.3x, and 
our NIBD to EBITDAX ratio declined from 3.2x for the year ended 31 December 2020 to 0.3x for the year 
ended 31 December 2022.  
Our conservative financial risk policy aims to secure full funding for all committed and planned activities, 
a sufficient liquidity buffer with headroom to manage market fluctuations and a diversified debt structure. 
We further maintain a conservative risk profile through hedging, extensive insurance coverage and 
investment flexibility. 
For example, we utilise risk mitigation strategies to implement appropriate hedging measures. In particular, 
we use Brent Crude put options to protect against downside commodity price risk, while maintaining upside 
potential. Under our existing derivative hedging options, our strike price is fixed at U.S.$50/bbl, with 100

--- Page 126 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 126 - 
47-41044430 
 
per cent. of our oil production hedged on an after-tax basis for the year ending 31 December 2023. Moreover, 
a rolling hedge feature has been implemented to maintain a hedging horizon of approximately twelve 
months.  
Our exchange rate risk largely derives from the fact that our income is denominated in U.S. dollars for the 
sale of crude oil and NGL and denominated in euro, and to a lesser degree in Pound Sterling, for the sale 
of gas, while most of our costs are denominated in NOK. However, given the strong historical correlation 
between commodity prices and USD/NOK and EUR/NOK exchange rates, we benefit from a natural 
hedging effect which significantly decreases our exposure to fluctuations in the USD/NOK and EUR/NOK 
exchange rates assuming a continued strong correlation. For particular foreign exchange rate exposures, we 
also implement hedging for tax payments on a case-by-case basis. 
We also have insurance policies in place to further mitigate the potential impact of certain events on our 
business, including insurance covering physical damage, OEE, third party liability, loss of production 
insurance (“LOPI”) and production and indemnity insurance for our production from certain of our 
producing fields. See "—Insurance."  
All of our oil and NGL volumes are subject to long-term offtake agreements with Eni and ExxonMobil, 
and Eni became the sole offtaker for our oil and NGL beginning in December 2022. The offtake agreements 
we have entered into with Eni are all carried out on the basis of the "arm's-length" principle.  
Our offtake agreements set for an initial five year term (until 31 December 2027) for oil and a one year 
term for NGL (until 7 December 2023), both with an automatic extension for an additional ten years in the 
absence of contract termination (with a 12 month notice period). Our priority access to offtakers with global 
distribution capabilities and strong knowledge of refinery capabilities enables ready access to customers at 
market prices and minimises our exposure to price volatility. For example, in the early months of the 
COVID-19 pandemic in May and June of 2020, our offtake agreements afforded us priority market access 
with minimal discounts during a challenging period for the industry in general. 
The gas that we sell is subject to a combination of long-term and short-term offtake contracts, with long-
term offtake contracts comprising approximately 70 per cent. of our total gas offtake contracts and short-
term offtake contracts constituting the remaining 30 per cent. The majority of gas offtake agreements are 
with investment grade-rated companies. 
De-risked production growth and track record of successful exploration 
Our strong development pipeline, exploration track record and commitment to strengthening our 
collaborative model have positioned us for growth in the coming years. Sanctioned developments include 
Balder X, Breidablikk, Johan Castberg and the Fenja Project, all of which are well progressed and de-
risked. Our development projects generally exhibit high reserve quantities and low break-even prices. We 
have five projects in the development pipeline which are being matured toward a development decision, 
including Fram South, Grane Gas Export, Goliat Gas, Garantiana, and Balder PhV. We are also actively 
pursuing solutions for gas exports from the Barents Sea where our Alke and Lupa discoveries will play an 
important role. We are targeting production of more than 350 kboepd by the end of 2025, subject to the 
achievement of technical milestones according to current development project timelines.

--- Page 127 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 127 - 
47-41044430 
 
Our exploration campaign exhibited strong results during 2021 and 2022, with our 2023 campaign similarly 
featuring the potential for high-value exploration near existing hubs. We made six discoveries in 2021 
amounting to an estimated 135 MMboe of net resources (based on mid-point estimates reported to the NPD), 
including King and Prince (85 MMboe), Blasto (24 MMboe), Isflak (12 MMboe), Garantiana West (5 
MMboe), Rodhette (5 MMboe) and Tyrihans North (4 MMboe), out of eight wells drilled. During the 
second quarter of 2022, we confirmed two oil and gas discoveries in the Equinor-operated Snøfonn Nord 
and Skavl Stø exploration wells in the Johan Castberg area (PL532), which feature approximately 13 and 
2 MMboe of estimated net recoverable resources, respectively. We consider both discoveries to represent 
potentially valuable additions to our existing resource base. The near-term exploration campaign includes 
eight firm wells and three contingent wells targeting a total of more than 50 million barrels of risked 
resources. In 2022, we confirmed four oil and gas discoveries: Snøfonn Nord and Skavl Stø exploration 
wells in the Johan Castberg area (PL532), which contain approximately 13 and 2 MMboe of estimated net 
recoverable resources respectively, the operated Lupa discovery (44 MMboe) and the Calypso discovery 
(2 MMboe) in PL 938. Our drilling campaign for 2023 includes the following targets: Angulata, 
Rondeslottet, Ringhorne North, Norma, Crino, King Appraisal, Venus and Countach (which was 
discovered in January 2023).  
Our leading exploration capabilities are reinforced by close collaboration with the Eni S.p.A. group, which 
has a strong global exploration track-record. We leverage the proprietary expertise, processes and systems 
of the Eni S.p.A. group, including the use of its technology platform and supercomputers, to facilitate the 
screening process for potential exploration opportunities. As of 31 December 2022, we had a total of 163 
leads and prospects in our exploration inventory, with 54 prospects prioritised for drilling. In the medium 
term, our ambition is to continue to drill several infrastructure-led exploration wells annually, in addition 
to high-impact exploration wells. As of 31 December 2022, our discovery rate was 57 per cent. adding 
approximately 65 MMboe (net) of contingent resources with an average unit exploration cost of U.S.$0.2 
per boe.  
Our assets had an average 2P reserve life of 13.3 years as of 31 December 2022. Additionally, there are a 
number of opportunities within our existing production base to add reserves and extend ﬁeld life through 
incremental investments in inﬁll drilling and well intervention programmes, facilities modiﬁcations, subsea 
satellite developments and near ﬁeld exploration. Much of our capital expenditure programme is targeted 
at such projects, which we consider to be generally low risk with relatively small scale capital requirements 
and material potential ﬁnancial returns across a range of commodity prices. We subject development 
opportunities to conservative investment hurdles by targeting a break-even price of less than U.S.$30/boe 
and an internal rate of return of greater than 20 per cent. for new projects.  
We also strive to be recognised as a partner of choice in all activities. We have a strong partnership with 
Equinor, the largest and most experienced operator on the NCS, and are Equinor's largest partner on the 
NCS, excluding Petoro. We leverage our strong partnership with Equinor to seek cost and energy 
efficiencies, including on a range of research and development ("R&D") and development projects to 
reduce our carbon footprint, with several projects currently being assessed for viability and three 
development projects that have reached a final investment decision. Partnerships also played a key role in 
the Goliat multilateral retrofit ("MLT") application, and we also assumed an active role with Equinor that 
resulted in drilling improvements at Johan Castberg. To further develop innovative practices, enhance our 
performance and maximise the use of our suppliers' capabilities, we seek additional strategic partnerships 
and collaboration models within our tendering and contract awards. In June 2022, we also entered into a 
strategic partnership with Aker Solutions, Ocean Installer and Saipem for the fabrication, delivery, and 
installation of subsea production equipment for all of our operated assets and projects on the NCS. 
One of the largest independent oil and gas producers on the NCS 
We are one of the largest independent oil and gas producers on the NCS, measured by both reserves and 
production. As of 31 December 2022, our net 2P reserves were estimated to be 1,070 MMboe. Our average 
net production from operated fields during the year ended 31 December 2022 was 40.7 kboepd, or 18 per 
cent. of our total net production. Our gas production provides material exposure to the upside presented by 
the European gas market’s strong prices and structurally positive outlook. 
The NCS region has proven development potential, well-understood geology alongside significant 
remaining resources and existing infrastructure, low production costs and a favourable regulatory and 
taxation framework. The Norwegian government has demonstrated support for the sector, which 
contributed to 42 per cent. of the country’s exports in 2020, through the country’s temporary tax 
amendments following the COVID-19 outbreak in early 2020. These measures facilitated cost recovery and 
investment activity for E&P companies in Norway.

--- Page 128 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 128 - 
47-41044430 
 
Maximising value creation with our hub-centred strategy 
As part of our hub strategy, we identify strategic focus areas that provide a framework for evaluating 
exploration and development opportunities, maximising the use of resources and optimising value creation 
throughout our portfolio. Our 36 fields are located around four strategic hubs: the Balder Area, the Barents 
Sea, the Norwegian Sea and the North Sea. We have 158 licenses, of which 53 are operated. Approximately 
80 per cent. of our production comes from 11 assets, meaning low single-asset dependency and a robust 
commodity mix. 
The Balder Area, which accounted for 13 per cent. of our production for the year ended 31 December 2022 
and 29 per cent. of 2P reserves as of 31 December 2022, is a core hub with expected long-term production 
upside. At Balder and Ringhorne, we are operator and hold a 90 per cent. working interest. At Grane, a 
partner-operated field, we hold a 28.3 per cent. working interest. We are currently undertaking the Balder 
X redevelopment (consisting of the subprojects Balder Future and Ringhorne Phase IV), which has potential 
to extend scheduled production beyond 2045 and unlock material reserves to the Issuer. First oil from the 
Balder Future project is scheduled for the third quarter of 2024. In addition, the ongoing Breidablikk subsea 
development near the Grane field is one of the largest undeveloped oil discoveries on the NCS with first 
oil targeted for 2024. The development is a highly attractive and cost-effective subsea tie-back to the Grane 
platform, leveraging existing infrastructure. We believe that the Balder Area also features several high-
quality exploration targets. In August 2022, we announced that we acquired 30 per cent. ownership in 
production licences PL 820S and 820 SB north of the Balder field, which together with equity swaps agreed 
with Lundin Energy (now AkerBP) in 2021 has increased our acreage position and number of operatorships 
in the Balder Area. 
The Barents Sea Area, which accounted for 10 per cent. of our production for the year ended 31 December 
2022 and 22 per cent. of 2P reserves as of 31 December 2022, features significant value and upside 
potential. Key assets include the Goliat field (in which we hold a 65 per cent. working interest and are 
operator), the only oil producing field in the Barents Sea Area and with active infill drilling ongoing. It 
features one of the world's largest and most sophisticated circular and permanently anchored FPSO units, 
powered by renewable energy from shore. Another key asset in the Barents Sea Area is Johan Castberg, an 
ongoing and substantially de-risked development project with first oil targeted for the fourth quarter of 
2024. The project is set to become the second oil producing asset in the region, strengthening the 
infrastructure in a highly prosperous area.  
The Norwegian Sea Area, which accounted for 42 per cent. of our production for the year ended 31 
December 2022 and 25 per cent. of 2P reserves as of 31 December 2022, features multiple projects with 
high infill drilling activity. The Åsgard field complex is among the largest developments in Norway and 
the Trestakk, Mikkel and Morvin fields are all subsea tie-ins to Åsgard. The Norwergian Sea Area also 
includes the Kristin and Tyrihans fields. 
The North Sea Area, which accounted for 35 per cent. of our production for the year ended 31 December 
2022 and 24 per cent. of 2P reserves as of 31 December 2022, is a mature area with high activity and 
lifetime extension at key fields. Key assets include Statfjord and Snorre, which are among Norway's largest 
oil fields in terms of original recoverable oil reserves. First oil from the Snorre expansion project was 
achieved in December 2020 and development drilling is believed to carry the potential to improve recovery. 
The Tampen Area also features the Vigdis and Tordis subsea fields. 
Key development projects 
Our development projects are an important driver of our growth outlook over the coming years. As of 31 
December 2022, we were involved in 17 operated and non-operated development projects, which we expect 
to contribute to an increase in production to more than 350 kboepd by the end of 2025, subject to the 
achievement of technical milestones. In the medium-term, growth is expected from a number of new 
development projects, including those highlighted below.  
Operated development projects 
Balder X (90.0 per cent. working interest) 
The Balder X Project enables further development in the Balder and Ringhorne area, which we consider to 
be underexplored with upside potential, as illustrated by the discovery in 2021 of 85 MMboe in the adjacent 
King and Prince exploration wells, which are currently being evaluated as possible future tie-ins to Jotun 
FPSO. Balder X consists of two sub-projects: the Balder Future Project and Ringhorne Phase IV. The

--- Page 129 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 129 - 
47-41044430 
 
Balder Future Project consists of the refurbishment and relocation of the Jotun FPSO to accommodate tie-
ins of 14 new production wells and one new water injection well. Future expansion capacity is expected to 
accommodate the tie-ins of additional Balder wells after the decommissioning of the Balder FPU in 2030, 
an additional eight wells from available subsea slots and up to 12 wells from the King/Prince exploration 
prospect. The Jotun FPSO is being refurbished and will be relocated to between Ringhorne and Balder FPU 
and reconnected to the Ringhorne Platform.  
First oil for the Balder Future Project is currently scheduled for the third quarter of 2024. The total cost of 
the project has increased by $1.2 billion (NOK 11.5 billion) to $4.3 billion (NOK 40.7 billion) as a result 
of an increased scope of work, the continued impact of global supply chain challenges, the effects of the 
COVID-19 pandemic and schedule change. The new cost estimate and schedule relate primarily to Balder 
Future, with the main production and capital expenditure impact expected in 2024. 
Partner-operated development projects 
Johan Castberg (30.0 per cent. working interest) 
The Johan Castberg area (PL532), is located approximately 100 kilometres north of the Snøhvit field in the 
Barents Sea. As of 31 December 2022, the Johan Castberg area (including the Johan Castberg, Kayak and 
Kramsnø fields) was estimated to hold 174 MMboe of 2P reserves. The field consists of three discoveries 
dating from 2011: Skrugard, Havis and Drivis. We view Johan Castberg as an under-explored area with 
diverse prospects and significant upside potential and we expect its development to contribute towards 
further strengthening our position in the Barents Sea. 
The start-up of the Johan Castberg field is currently planned during 2024 and has been delayed by the 
COVID-19 pandemic that resulted in the stop of all yard activities during 2020.  
Breidablikk (34.4 per cent. working interest) 
The Breidablikk field is located in the central North Sea, ten kilometres northeast of the Grane field. 
Breidablikk includes two discoveries, 25/8-4 (D-structure) and 25/11-27 (F-structure), discovered in 1992 
and 2013, respectively. The water depth is 130 metres and the field is being developed with four subsea 
templates tied-back to the Grane platform. The Breidablikk PDO was delivered in September 2020 by 
operator Equinor and approved in June 2021. As of 31 December 2022, the subsea and marine campaign 
for 2022 has been completed. The field is planned to start production in the first quarter of 2024. The field 
is expected to be developed with 23 production wells and will be produced using pressure depletion, assisted 
by gas lift in the production wells that will be placed near the top of the structures. Processed oil will be 
transported from Grane to the onshore terminal at Sture for storage and export.  
Fenja (45.0 per cent. working interest) 
Fenja is an oil and gas field located in PL586 in the Norwegian Sea. The field is located 36 kilometres 
southwest of Njord and situated in a water depth of 325 metres. Fenja was discovered in 2014 and the PDO 
was approved in 2018. Fenja is operated by Neptune and will be developed as a subsea tie-back to Njord 
A, operated by Equinor. Oil is loaded to the Njord B FSO and exported by shuttle tankers with gas exported 
through the Åsgard transport system.  
During the second half of 2020, three reservoir pilots were drilled to acquire reservoir information. As of 
31 December 2022, 2P reserves at the Fenja Area (including the Bauge, Fenja and Hyme fields) were 
estimated to total 40 MMboe. The field is developed with a subsea template, including one production well 
and one water injection well. The Fenja development project is currently in the execution phase and 
development drilling commenced in 2021. Production start-up has been delayed (due to the Njord Future 
project, in which we have no working interest), with the operator indicating that production is expected to 
begin in the second quarter of 2023. 
Targeting net zero emissions (Scope 1 and 2 emissions) by 2030 with strong HSEQ credentials 
Operational safety is a top priority and our ambition is to be the safest operators on the NCS. We have 
recently refreshed our safety-related key performance indicators throughout the organisation and 
implemented Life Saving Rules, directly linked with our work permit system. Our ambition is to reduce 
injury totals to near-zero levels. For the year ended 31 December 2022, we exhibited positive improvements 
with respect to safety KPIs, including a reduction in serious injury frequency ("SIF").

--- Page 130 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 130 - 
47-41044430 
 
From an environmental perspective, we strive to create long-term value for stakeholders, employees and 
the Norwegian state and society by managing resources in a responsible and sustainable manner. We aim 
to implement high-quality and sustainable solutions for both operations and suppliers, including the use of 
the best available technologies and methods to reduce emissions to air, discharges to sea and waste 
generation. We also contribute to large joint-industry research and development projects to find solutions 
to create a more sustainable future, including a low emissions research centre aimed at reducing Scope 1 
emissions, the Norwegian Carbon Capture and Storage Research Centre aimed at reducing Scope 3 
emissions and a circular economy project aimed at developing green and sustainable solutions. 
We believe that achieving a lower carbon footprint will make us more competitive in the future and help to 
maintain an efficient and resilient business model fit for long term value creation. To that end, we have 
announced operational targets to actively reduce and minimise our environmental impact, with a target of 
net zero emissions (which includes Scope 1 (direct) and 2 (indirect) emissions) by 2030. These targets are 
set out in further detail in the graphic below.  
 
We have established the following ambitions and targets as part of our sustainability strategy: 
• 
50 per cent. reduction in Scope 1 greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions from operated assets in 2030;  
• 
net zero Scope 1 GHG emissions from operated and partner operated (equity share) assets in 2030;  
• 
net zero Scope 2 GHG emissions from operated assets in 2025 (office buildings in 2021, offshore 
electrified assets in 2025); 
• 
net zero equity share Scope 2 GHG emissions from partner operated assets in 2030;  
• 
net zero Scope 3 GHG emissions from business travels and employee commuting from 2021, up- 
and downstream (tankers) transportation and distribution from 2025; 
• 
all new greenfield developments shall be electrified with power from shore or from renewable 
offshore power production;  
• 
all new acquisitions of operated assets should be electrified or considered for electrification with 
renewable energy within 2030; and 
• 
zero discharge of environmentally hazardous substances. 
We have a portfolio of CO2 emissions reduction projects in both evaluation and execution phases. Some 
key initiatives include: (i) the electrification of assets with power from shore or from other renewable power 
sources, such as offshore wind; (ii) increasing operational efficiency through optimisation and active energy 
management; (iii) portfolio management for operated assets, including the anticipated decommissioning of 
Balder FPU; (iv) reducing cold venting and fugitive emissions from assets through operational measures;

--- Page 131 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 131 - 
47-41044430 
 
(v) safety flaring and (vi) the use of certified and internationally recognised offsetting measures such as 
bio-carbon capture and storage. Certain assets are already running on renewable electricity, and we are 
working continuously to optimise energy use, recover flare gas and mature our portfolio of decarbonisation 
projects. 
The graphic below displays a number of our key energy transition projects. 
 
__________ 
Source: Var Energi 
(1)  
Ekofisk already underwent operational initiatives including emission reduction on drilling rigs which resulted in an annual CO2 
reduction of c. 9.5k t/y 
The Hywind Tampen wind farm is a floating wind farm that started up in the fourth quarter of 2022 and is 
expected to deliver power to Snorre from mid-2023. As of 31 December 2022, the Hywind Tampen wind 
farm has seven out of 11 floating wind turbines installed, with start-up targeted for the first quarter of 2023. 
Another key project is partial electrification at Sleipner, which will provide a new power cable from 
Sleipner to the Gina Krog platform, which will be tied into the area solution for renewable power from  
Health, safety, security, environment and quality 
Becoming an ESG leader  
Becoming an ESG leader is an essential part of how we conduct our business, with ESG being a core 
component of our company strategy. We support the UN Sustainable Development Goals (“SDGs”) and 
use them as a framework for our ESG approach targeted at enabling value creation in the short and long 
term.

--- Page 132 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 132 - 
47-41044430 
 
 
Environmental  
We have a credible path to a 50 per cent. Scope 1 emission reduction from our operated assets by 2030, in 
addition to the net zero targets referenced above. In 2022, we also became a signatory to the OGCI Aiming 
for Zero Methane Emissions Initiative. 
For the year ended 31 December 2022, our CO2 emissions intensity (relating to assets under our operational 
control and accounting for our equity share) was estimated to be 9.2 kg CO2/boe for Scope 1. 
For the longer term, we invest and take part in joint industry R&D projects addressing decarbonisation 
including in relation to the use of our products. We consider collaboration with oil and gas companies and 
the industry to be a core component of our strategy given that several emission reducing measures require 
significant investments which need to be approved by the involved license owners. 
Social  
We strive to create long-term value for our stakeholders, employees and the Norwegian state by managing 
our resources in a responsible and sustainable manner. We aim to minimise harm to people or the 
environment in all operational activity. We require the use of high-quality and sustainable solutions in our 
own operations and those used by our suppliers, including the use of the best available technologies and 
methods to reduce emissions to air, discharges to sea and waste generation. 
Local value creation and ripple effects are important to us, and we seek to contribute through industrial 
activity, job creation and competence development in the communities where we operate. Combined, we 
have created more than 10,000 jobs and expect to contribute nearly NOK 40 billion in taxes for 2022. 
Governance 
The Vår Energi Code of Ethics sets out the rules and standards that apply to all of our activities and business 
relationships. It constitutes a guide to decision-making and action-taking that are consistent with our culture 
of responsibility, legality, transparency and long-term value creation for all of our stakeholders. During 
2022, the Transparency Act came into effect, promoting respect for fundamental human rights, fair working 
conditions and ensuring general public access to information regarding how enterprises address adverse 
impacts in these areas. We have updated our related procedures and processes to ensure compliance with 
the Transparency Act and reduce the risk of negatively impacting human rights and fair working conditions.  
Transparency and compliance are key to high governance standards. We have received solid ratings for our 
ESG reporting, but have a clear ambition to improve both performance and disclosure. 
In December 2021, we received an indicative Corporate ESG Assessment from Sustainalytics that assessed 
the company across 11 ESG categories, including carbon products and services, community relations and

--- Page 133 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 133 - 
47-41044430 
 
corporate governance. The ESG Assessment provided us with a score of 30.1, which placed us in the top 
ninth percentile (14 out of 155) of oil and gas exploration and production companies and the top tenth 
percentile (25 out of 261) of oil and gas producers in Sustainalytics' research universe.  In addition, we have 
also achieved 40 per cent. workforce diversity in our extended leadership team, and approximately 25 per 
cent. of executive variable pay now linked to environmental and safety performance targets. We also 
promote ESG values by ensuring that all of our supply chain contracts include sustainability requirements. 
In December 2022, we received our first CDP score of B, which demonstrates that we are on the right track 
with good management. We intend to continue to focus on our disclosure and reporting with the objective 
of obtaining an A- score. 
Safest operator 
Our ambition is to be the safest operator on the NCS, which is a corporate value integrated into our culture 
and business plans. We have collaborated with Equinor and Aker BP to create a web platform, Always Safe, 
that represents a partnership between major NCS operators to ensure the alignment of priorities and 
initiatives related to safety. The platform provides content and learning packages related to safety initiatives 
for operators and suppliers. The purpose of the initiative is to strengthen the industry's safety culture and 
reduce accidents and injuries sustained in operations. Always Safe has led to the prioritisation and 
standardisation of certain safety measures across the NCS, including with respect to suppliers and 
contractors. ConocoPhillips also joined the Always Safe collaboration during 2022. Other of our ongoing 
initiatives include MARI (Major Accident Risk Indicator) tracking at all operated fields to monitor technical 
and operational integrity. 
Employee health and safety 
Our total recordable incidents frequency (“TRIF”) was 3.2 for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 1.3 
for the year ended 31 December 2021 (measured as the number of recordable personnel injuries per one 
million hours worked, including incidents on sites that we do not own or control). No actual injuries were 
classified as serious during 2022 and our serious incident frequency (“SIF”) was 1.0 per million worked 
hours on a last twelve months basis as of 31 December 2022, a decrease from 1.3 per million worked hours 
on a last twelve months basis as of 31 December 2021. The majority of the incidents were related to dropped 
objects. All relevant safety incidents are investigated according to internal guidelines and precautionary 
measures have been implemented accordingly.  
Health and safety related incidents are managed according to our management system, and improvements 
have been implemented and best practices are shared internally to enable continuous improvement. Further, 
we focus on technical integrity and monitor major accident risk items and key indicators through our Major 
Accident Risk Indicator system (“MARI”). To further strengthen our culture and focus on safety, we, 
together with our contractors, continuously monitor key measures, such as the Always Safe Annual Wheel, 
the Life Saving Rules and our internal TIR tool (Take Time, Involve, Report).  
Work-related hazards with the potential of injuries and illness are associated our activities, and we work 
systematically to manage these risks and to conduct business in a manner that protects the health and safety 
of our employees and all others involved. A comprehensive occupational health and safety management 
system helps to ensure that we identify, understand, mitigate and manage occupational health and safety 
risks throughout our offshore and onshore activities. Our management system is based on regulatory 
requirements and international, national and industry-specific standards. As part of this, we provide 
information and training for workers exposed to health and safety risks as a further means to protect our 
workers. We also aim to promote a healthy workplace through providing healthy food, indoor exercise 
facilities and company sponsored outdoor leisure activities and cabin rental at our offshore and onshore 
locations.   
Risk management and emergency preparedness 
On an ongoing basis, we prioritise the maintenance and improvement of our emergency preparedness and 
response framework. The Goliat field introduced a new concept for oil spill preparedness on the NCS in 
2016, including support from the local fleet of fishing vessels with adapted oil spill response equipment 
and a crew with in-depth knowledge of the waters off the coast of West Finnmark. This represents a key 
element in our oil spill response efforts in the Barents Sea. Our emergency response resources are also 
available for other activities in the region, including in aid of the local population.

--- Page 134 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 134 - 
47-41044430 
 
Product lifting and distribution 
Product sales 
The crude oil that we produce is generally sold on a free on board ("FOB") basis. Under our FOB contracts, 
purchasers provide the necessary shipping capacity to offtake the crude in line with the relevant field's 
lifting programme. Pricing is linked to the norm price published by the Petroleum Price Council. In cases 
where the norm price is not published, the back-to-back principle applies and we will obtain the price that 
the buyer obtains when reselling the crude oil, deducted for any sales costs of the buyer for the specific 
transaction. 
NGL are also sold FOB on a back-to-back basis. The cost of insurance and freight from terminal to receiving 
terminal is deducted from the sales price, as is customary where products are sold on a FOB basis. Indices 
for NGL products are normally quoted in cost, insurance and freight ("CIF֨") terms. Thus, a normalised 
FOB price is reached by deducting insurance and freight from the published CIF price.  
We have secured transportation capacity to exit points in both the UK and continental Europe, using the 
Gassled system to ensure that we have price exposure to several markets for our gas portfolio. We generally 
sell our natural gas under a mix of short- and long-term contracts, with pricing linked to published indices, 
with some of our contracts set at a fixed price. Our product mix ensures that our gas portfolio has exposure 
to both short- and medium-term indexation, including day-ahead, month-ahead, quarter-ahead and gas-year 
ahead pricing. 
FPSO shuttle tanker contracts and other export contracts 
At our partner-operated fields in the Ekofisk Area and Grane Area, we have in place contracts relating to 
the use of transportation facilities and export terminals. Specifically, fields in the Ekofisk Area utilise 
Norpipe Oil AS, Norsea Pipeline Ltd and Norpipe Petroleum UK Ltd, while fields in the Grane Area utilise 
the Grane Oil Pipeline. These contracts are based on standard industry terms with certain relevant 
modifications. 
Where shuttle tankers are utilised, we have in place contracts that assign all shuttle tankers to purchasers. 
However, in any instance where term charter contracts would be required for specialised and dedicated 
shipping capacity for specific fields, we would in turn be responsible for the full-term charter cost. While 
our FPSO shuttle tanker and export contracts mitigate the inherent risks associated with a dependence on 
capacity (whether through pipelines, tankers or otherwise) to transport and sell oil and gas products, we 
remain subject to such risks. 
Co-licensees and other commercial participants 
Our licence assets are owned, explored and developed through joint venture agreements established by the 
MPE and other commercial agreements with international and national oil and gas companies and/or service 
providers. The MPE also determines the licensee group and makes final decisions on licence share 
assignment. When we evaluate whether to enter into a commercial agreement or joint venture, we seek 
prospective commercial partners who will complement our existing strengths. We conduct thorough 
business and financial diligence on all our prospective commercial co-licensees and strive to ensure they 
will be able to finance their portion of any development. 
During the lifecycle of the commercial agreements or joint ventures, we often have a very active role in the 
technical, financial and administrative management of operations, including in situations in which we do 
not take on an official operator role. We work closely with the other licensees and other commercial partners 
to ensure that we remain in compliance with the ongoing obligations under the licences or agreements 
pursuant to which we operate.  
For a discussion of certain risks associated with our reliance on commercial partners, see "Risk factors—
Risks relating to our business—We are subject to third-party risk in terms of operators, other licence 
participants and contractors". 
Insurance 
We have insurance in place in accordance with the requirements set by the Norwegian authorities for all 
assets covering physical damage, OEE (U.S.$600 million) and third party liability (U.S.$700 million). In 
addition, we have loss of production insurance (for a period of 12 months with a 45 day waiting period)

--- Page 135 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 135 - 
47-41044430 
 
and protection and indemnity insurance (U.S.$700 million) for Balder, Jotun, Goliat, Heidrun, Åsgard and 
Norne. 
We have insurance in place for all our operations as required and in accordance with industry practice and 
at levels that we feel will adequately provide for our needs and the risks we face. We cannot assure you, 
however, that our insurance coverage will adequately protect us from all risks that may arise or in amounts 
sufficient to prevent any material loss. See "Risk factors—Risks relating to our business—Our insurance 
may not provide sufficient funds to protect us from losses or liabilities that could result from our operations". 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
We become involved from time to time in various claims and lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of our 
business. Other than as disclosed in "Risk factors—Risk relating to our business—We face the risk of 
litigation or other proceedings in relation to our business", we are not, and in the last twelve months have 
not been, involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings which, either individually or in 
the aggregate, have had, or are expected to have, a material adverse effect on our financial position or 
profitability, nor, so far as we are aware, are any such proceedings pending or threatened. 
Employees 
We believe we have a strong and established team of highly competent professionals in our core in-house 
disciplines of subsurface, operations, project management and commercial. Our business model involves 
using the services of the NCS's highly developed oil and gas industry supply chain to supplement our 
in-house capabilities, benefiting from the dedicated and highly experienced resources of our contracting 
partners for execution of our operational programmes. We believe we have well-established working 
relationships with these core contracting partners. 
As of 31 December 2022, our employee base consisted of 977 employees.  
We promote equal opportunities and rights for all employees based on qualifications and aim to prevent 
discrimination due to gender, ethnicity, country of origin, age, sexual orientation, language, disability or 
religion. The Issuer's Code of Ethics and procedures have regulations to prevent discrimination related to 
salary, career promotion and recruiting. 
Financial Liabilities and Borrowings 
Credit Facilities 
As of 30 September 2022, we had available undrawn credit facilities of U.S.$3,600,000,000, comprising 
(i) multicurrency revolving credit facilities for a total aggregate amount of U.S.$3,000,000,000 pursuant to 
a multicurrency facilities agreement dated 1 November 2021 (the "Corporate Facilities Agreement"); and 
(ii) two unsecured revolving credit facilities for a total aggregate amount of U.S.$600,000,000 pursuant to 
revolving credit facility agreements each dated 24 March 2020 and amended on 18 November 2021. 
As of 30 September 2022, we had U.S.$500,000,000 outstanding pursuant to a bridge term loan facility 
made available under the Corporate Facilities Agreement (the "Bridge Facility"), which matures in 
November 2023. 
Deferred Payment 
As part of the purchase agreement between Point Resources AS and ExxonMobil in 2017, Point Resources 
AS agreed to pay a contingent consideration related to possible development of the Forseti structure (the 
"Contingent Consideration"). In June 2021, U.S.$30,000,000 was paid by us to ExxonMobil. As of 30 
September 2022, the fair value of the Contingent Consideration was estimated to be U.S.$ 76,949,550. 
Notes Issuances 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has the following notes outstanding: 
- 
U.S.$500,000,000 5.0 per cent. Senior Notes due 2027 issued on 18 May 2022 (the "2027 Notes"); 
- 
U.S.$1,000,000,000 7.5 per cent. Senior Notes due 2028 issued on 15 November 2022 (the "2028 
Notes"); and 
- 
U.S.$1,000,000,000 8.0 per cent. Senior Notes due 2032 issued on 15 November 2022 (the "2032 
Notes").

--- Page 136 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 136 - 
47-41044430 
 
Lease Liabilities 
As of 30 September 2022, our total lease liabilities were U.S.$229,391,000, of which U.S.$98,974,000 are 
presented as current lease liabilities and will mature within one year and the remainder will mature after 
one year. 
 
APMs 
The table below includes certain APMs that our management uses to monitor and report to our Board of 
Directors on our financial position for outstanding debt and available operating liquidity and as a basis for 
strategic planning and forecasting, as well as monitoring certain aspects of our performance. Please refer 
to “Presentation of Financial and Other Information—Alternative Performance Measures”.  
 
As of and for the year ended 
31 December 
As of and 
for the 
nine 
months 
ended 30 
September 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
(U.S.$ in millions, except ratios and 
percentages) 
CAPEX ......................................................................  
1,811.9 
2,584.6 
1,793.6 
CAPEX Coverage Ratio .............................................  
1.0 
1.8 
2.92 
EBITDA .....................................................................  
1,631.9 
4,764.1 
6,514.9 
EBITDA Margin (per cent.) .......................................  
56.4 
78.5 
87.4 
EBITDAX ..................................................................  
1,689.1 
4,821.2 
6,565.3 
EBITDAX Margin (per cent.) ....................................  
58.4 
79.4 
88.1 
NIBD ..........................................................................  
5,475.6 
4,928.1 
2,055.7 
Net cash flows from operating activities ....................  
1,743.9 
4,579.9 
5,238.6 
NIBD/EBITDAX .......................................................  
3.2 
1.0 
0.3 
Trading update  
On 16 February 2023, the Issuer reported its unaudited financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 
2022. Total income for 2022 was U.S.$9,828 million, an increase of 62 per cent. compared to U.S.$6,073 
million in 2021 (restated), primarily due to higher oil and gas prices. Profit before taxes was U.S.$5,856 
million for 2022, an increase of 121 per cent. compared to U.S.$2,647 million in 2021 (restated).  
Cash flow from operations was U.S.$5,682 million for 2022. A dividend of U.S.$290 million (NOK 1.225 
per share) for the third quarter of 2022 was paid in November 2022 and U.S.$300 million (NOK 1.226 per 
share) for the fourth quarter of 2022 will be distributed in March 2023. The Issuer expects to distribute a 
dividend of U.S.$270 million for the first quarter of 2023.  
Effective from the fourth quarter of 2022, the Issuer elected to change its accounting policy for 
measurement of overlift to  measure both over/underlift at cost. The Issuer believes this will provide more 
relevant information about its financial performance and financial position. In addition, this change will 
also make the Issuer more comparable to peer companies on the NCS. In prior reporting periods, the overlift 
was recognised for the fair value / sale price while the underlift was valued at the lower of production cost 
and sale price. For further information on this restatement (including the impact on the Issuer’s balance 
sheet), please see Note 1 to the Q4 2022 Interim Financial Statements. 
Management 
Overview 
The Board of Directors is responsible for the overall management of the Issuer and may exercise all the 
powers of the Issuer.

--- Page 137 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 137 - 
47-41044430 
 
In accordance with Norwegian law, the Board of Directors is responsible for, among other things: 
(i) supervising the general and day-to-day management of the Issuer's business; (ii) ensuring proper 
organisation, preparing plans and budgets for its activities; (iii) ensuring that the Issuer's activities, accounts 
and asset management are subject to adequate controls; and (iv) undertaking investigations necessary to 
ensure compliance with its duties. 
The Board of Directors may delegate such matters as it seems fit to the executive management of the Issuer 
(the "Senior Management"). Our Senior Management is responsible for the day-to-day management of 
the Issuer's operations in accordance with instructions set out by the Board of Directors. Among other 
responsibilities, the Chief Executive Officer is responsible for keeping our accounts in accordance with 
existing Norwegian legislation and regulations and for managing our assets in a responsible manner. In 
addition, at least once every fourth month the Chief Executive Officer must brief the Board of Directors 
about the Issuer's activities, financial position and operating results.  
Board of Directors 
The persons set forth below are our current members of the Board of Directors. The address for each of our 
directors in relation to their directorship is Vestre Svanholmen 1, 4313 Sandnes, Norway. 
Name 
Born 
Position 
Thorhild Widvey............................................... 
1956 
Chair 
Liv Monica Stubholt ......................................... 
1961 
Deputy Chair 
Ove Gusevik ..................................................... 
1965 
Board member 
Francesco Gattei ............................................... 
1969 
Board member 
Guido Brusco .................................................... 
1970 
Board member 
Clara Andreoletti .............................................. 
1976 
Board member 
Marica Calabrese .............................................. 
1978 
Board member 
Fabio Romeo .................................................... 
1955 
Board member 
Jan Inge Nesheim .............................................. 
1963 
Board member, employee representative 
Hege Susanne Blåsternes .................................. 
1977 
Board member, employee representative 
Bjørn Nysted ..................................................... 
1974 
Board member, employee representative 
Martha Skjæveland ........................................... 
1966 
Board member, employee representative 
 
Set out below are brief biographies of the directors of the Issuer. 
Thorhild Widvey — Thorhild Widvey has over 15 years of experience in the Norwegian public and private 
sectors, with a focus on the energy industry. She is, among other things, former Minister of Petroleum and 
Energy and State secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Thorhild is currently chair of Statkraft since 
2016, and member of the Board at Aker Solutions and SolstadOffshore. 
Liv Monica Stubholt — Liv Monica Stubholt is Partner at Selmer, a Norwegian corporate law firm, with a 
focus on ESG, Governance and the Energy sector. She has previously served as Investment Director at 
Aker ASA, President and CEO of Aker Seafoods ASA, CEO of Aker Clean Carbon AS, EVP in Kværner 
ASA, and State Secretary at the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the MPE. Liv Monica Stubholt 
holds a Master of Laws from the University of Oslo. 
Ove Gusevik — Ove Gusevik is senior partner at HitecVision, which he joined in 2021 from his role as 
Head of Investment Banking at SpareBank1 Markets. He holds a Master of Science Degree in Economic 
History from the London School of Economics as well as an MBA from the Middlebury Institute of 
International Studies in Monterey, California, where he was a Fulbright Scholar. He also holds a BA degree 
from the University of Agder. Further, he completed the officer training programme in the Norwegian Army 
during his military service. Ove Gusevik brings more than 30 years of investment banking experience, 
including being one of the founders of First Securities and serving as CEO Norway and Nordic Head of 
Energy at Alfred Berg ABN AMRO. His experience also includes being Chairman and Board Member of 
companies at the Oslo Stock Exchange. He holds a leading role in many of the largest energy industry 
transactions in Scandinavia, including within the oil and gas sector. 
Francesco Gattei — Francesco Gattei has over 25 years of experience in the Oil and Gas industry across 
various senior roles at Eni S.p.A. group. He is currently Chief Financial Officer for Eni S.p.A and he has 
previously served as Upstream Director of the Americas, Head of Investor Relations, Secretary to Eni's 
Advisory Board, Senior VP of Market Scenarios and Strategic Options, and Head of Upstream M&A. 
Francesco holds a Master in Energy and Environmental Management from the Scuola Mattei. Furthermore, 
he earned a degree in Economics and Commerce in 1994 at the University of Bologna with a thesis on the 
oil market.

--- Page 138 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 138 - 
47-41044430 
 
Guido Brusco — Guido Brusco has over 20 years of experience in the upstream Oil and Gas sector of the 
Eni S.p.A. group. Since 2020, Guido serves as Upstream Director for Eni S.p.A and has previously served 
as Executive Vice President for the Sub-Saharan Region, Managing Director of Eni Angola, Managing 
Director of Agip Caspian Sea and Agip KCO (Kazakhstan). Guido holds a degree cum laude in Mechanical 
engineering from Università La Sapienza, Roma, Italy. 
Clara Andreoletti — Clara Andreoletti serves as Head of Natural Resources Business Support Services and 
has previously served as Head of Geosciences & Subsurface Operations Data Management, Vice President 
Prospect and Exploration Projects Validation and Head of West Africa Exploration. She has over 20 years 
of experience in the Oil and Gas exploration and development sector of the Eni S.p.A. group. 
Marica Calabrese — Marica Calabrese has over 18 years of experience in the Energy sector of the Eni 
S.p.A. group. She currently serves as Head of Reservoir Studies and Area Reference North Africa and 
Middle East at Eni S.p.A. Between 2017 and 2019 she worked in the M&A department at Eni S.p.A where 
she was in charge of following M&A opportunities from origination, through negotiation, up to closing of 
the deal. She spent the first 14 years of her career in the Upstream Division of Eni S.p.A in the Reservoir 
Department and in Eni Norge AS. Marica holds a degree in Environmental Engineering (with Honours) 
from Politecnico di Milano and a master's degree in Petroleum Engineering (with Honours) from Imperial 
College of London. 
Fabio Romeo — Fabio Romeo is currently the Chairman for Oman Cables. He holds an undergraduate 
degree in Electrical Engineering from Politecnico di Milano, and a graduate degree and doctorate in 
Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences from the University of California, Berkeley. Romeo worked 
as Chief Strategy Officer in Prysmian Group S.p.A. from January 2014 to April 2021. 
Jan Inge Nesheim — Jan Inge Nesheim has worked offshore for the Issuer for more than 20 years. He holds 
the position as Discipline Responsible Mechanical at Balder. Prior to joining the Issuer, he worked offshore 
for other companies. During recent years, he has been an employee representative for the trade union SAFE, 
as well as the head of the trade union. Previously, Nesheim has represented the employees in numerous 
committees, such as the Working Environment Committee and the Works Council. 
Hege Susanne Blåsternes — Hege Susanne Blåsternes has worked for the Issuer since 2019. She currently 
holds the position of VP E&P Improvement, and previously served as Asset Manager in POA for the Halten 
area and Exploration Manager in the Norwegian Sea. She has close to 20 years' experience in exploration 
and received a master's degree in Petroleum Geophysics from the University of Bergen in 2002. She serves 
on the board of directors as an employee representative from Tekna. 
Bjørn Nysted — Bjørn Nysted has worked for the Issuer since 2019. He currently holds the position as VP 
HSSE in Projects & Operations. He has over 25 years' of experience in the Norwegian oil and gas industry, 
having worked in various roles from engineering to HSE and project management. He has previously 
worked for several different operator companies. Bjørn received a bachelor's degree in fire dynamics from 
Høyskolen Stord/Haugesund in 1997. He serves on the board of directors as an employee representative 
from NITO. 
Martha Skjæveland — Martha Skjæveland has worked for the Issuer since 2006. Martha has 33 years of 
experience in the oil industry and across drilling, operations, projects, service companies and commercial. 
Martha has been the leader of the union Industri Energi within the Issuer since 2010. She was also Eni 
Norge's representative in the Eni Corporate European Works Council from 2011 to 2018, and deputy Board 
Member of Eni Norge's Board of Directors from 2016 to 2018. 
Senior management 
The persons set forth below comprise our senior management team as of 31 December 2022. 
Name 
Born 
Position 
Torger Rød .......................................... 
1974 
Chief Executive Officer 
Stefano Pujatti ..................................... 
1972 
Chief Financial Officer 
Rune Oldervoll .................................... 
1970 
Vice President Exploration and Production 
Ove André Årdal ................................. 
1967 
Vice President Commercial 
Aksel Luhr ........................................... 
1954 
Vice President Legal and Compliance 
Ove M. Helle ....................................... 
1970 
Vice President Internal Audit 
Tone Rognstad ..................................... 
1967 
Vice President People and Communication 
Ellen Waldeland Hoddell ..................... 
1980 
Vice President Sustainability and Safety 
 
 
 
Ingrid Sølvberg .................................... 
1970 
Vice President Technology, Drilling and Subsurface 
Atle Reinseth ....................................... 
1966 
Vice President Project Development and Supply Chain 
Management

--- Page 139 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 139 - 
47-41044430 
 
Name 
Born 
Position 
 
 
Our Senior Management consists of the Chief Executive Officer, Torger Rød, and nine other executive 
officers. Set out below are brief biographies of the members of the current senior management team. 
Torger Rød—Torger Rød is the Chief Executive Officer of the Issuer. Mr. Rød joined the Issuer in June 
2021. Previously, he was with Equinor for 23 years (including 11 years in executive positions), both in 
Norway and internationally. Most recently, he served as SVP and Head of Corporate Safety and Security, 
and prior to that role, he was SVP and Head of Project Development, in which he was responsible for all 
operated project development deliveries and value creation for Equinor. Mr. Rød holds a Master's degree 
in Industrial Economics from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology in Trondheim. 
Stefano Pujatti—Stefano Pujatti is the Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer. Mr. Pujatti is employed by Eni 
S.p.A and has been seconded to the Issuer since 2019. He has more than 20 years of international experience 
in the oil and gas industry. Previously, he held the position of VP Planning & Control of the Africa sub-
Saharan region in Eni S.p.A's headquarters in Italy and has had several international assignments in Eni 
major oil and gas subsidiaries, including in Angola, Nigeria and Mozambique, where he held the position 
of Finance Director. In previous assignments, he headed the planning & control function of the upstream 
and engineering and construction divisions at the Eni S.p.A headquarters in Rome. Mr. Pujatti began his 
career as an auditor with KPMG, where he also obtained his CPA qualification. Mr. Pujatti holds a Master 
of Economy degree from Catholic University in Milan, Italy. 
Rune Oldervoll—Rune Oldervoll is the Vice President Operations of the Issuer. Mr. Oldervoll joined the 
Issuer in December 2018. He has more than 20 years of experience working in technical and managerial 
positions at ExxonMobil, both globally and in Norway. Mr. Oldervoll began working for ExxonMobil just 
after finishing his studies at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology in Trondheim in 1997. 
Mr. Oldervoll was seconded to Shell UK working on the Brent Decommissioning prior to joining the Issuer. 
He holds a Master's degree in Mechanical Engineering from the Norwegian University of Science and 
Technology in Trondheim. 
Ove André Årdal—Ove André Årdal is the Vice President Commercial of the Issuer. He serves as Chair of 
the Board of Directors for a subsidiary of the Issuer, Vår Energi Marine AS. He has 30 years of experience 
in the oil and gas industry, including 17 years working for Eni Norge AS prior to the formation of the Issuer. 
He joined Eni Norge as a Senior Commercial Negotiator in 2001, following which he held several 
leadership positions within the commercial function, including 13 years as Commercial Manager. From 
1992 to 2001, Mr. Årdal worked for Mobil and ExxonMobil in Norway and in the UK as Financial Analyst 
and Planning and Gas Infrastructure Negotiator. Mr. Årdal holds a Master of Science degree in Business 
and Administration from the Norwegian School of Economics in Bergen, Norway.  
Aksel Luhr—Aksel Luhr is the General Counsel of the Issuer. He has more than 40 years of experience in 
the oil and gas industry. He has held various managerial positions in Eni Norge and Elf (Total) within the 
areas of legal, commercial, communications and human resources. Mr. Luhr holds the role of regular 
secretary to the Board of Directors of the Issuer. He has also worked for the NPD and as a diver. Mr. Luhr 
represents the Issuer in the International Association of Oil & Gas Producers' Legal Advisory Panel and in 
the Norwegian Oil & Gas Association's Legal Committee, including membership in the Standard Contracts 
Board. He is Honorary Vice Consul of Italy in Stavanger. Mr. Luhr has a law degree as cand. jur. from the 
University of Oslo and is licensed as advocate and member of the Norwegian Bar Association. 
Ove M. Helle—Ove M. Helle is the Vice President Safety & Sustainability of the Issuer. He has more than 
13 years of experience working in the oil and gas industry with ExxonMobil and Point Resources AS. Prior 
to joining the Issuer, Mr. Helle was Safety & Risk Manager at Point Resources AS. Previously, he spent 19 
years in the Norwegian Air Force. He graduated from the Norwegian Air Force Flying School and US Navy 
Naval Flight Officer School in 1992 and from the Norwegian Air Force Academy in 1998. 
Tone Rognstad—Tone Rognstad is the Vice President for People and Organisation. She joined Vår Energi 
in 2022 and comes from the role as VP for Project Management and Control in Equinor ASA. During her 
15 years as an executive in Equinor ASA, she gained extensive managerial experience within the field of 
people, leadership and organisational development. She held roles in corporate, shared services and the 
business areas. Prior to joining Equinor ASA, Ms. Rognstad held various executive leadership positions in 
General Electric, both in Norway and internationally, within the areas of marketing, risk and operations. 
Ms. Rognstad holds a bachelor's degree in Banking and Finance from BI Norwegian Business School. 
Ellen Waldeland Hoddell — Ellen Waldeland Hoddell is Senior Vice President Sustainability & Safety of 
the Issuer. Ms. Hoddell has more than 13 years of experience within the oil and gas industry in Norway.

--- Page 140 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 140 - 
47-41044430 
 
She has held several positions within the area of Sustainability and Safety within Eni Norge and Vår Energi, 
including risk and barrier management, technical and operational safety and emergency preparedness and 
response. Ms Hoddell graduated with a master's degree in Risk Management and Societal Safety from the 
University of Stavanger in 2010.  
Ingrid Sølvberg — Ingrid Sølvberg serves as Vice President Technology, Drilling Subsurface. She joined 
Vår Energi in December 2022, having previously served as Director General for the NPD. Prior to this role, 
she held significant leadership positions in NPD, Centrica and Statoil. She holds a master's degree in Marine 
Technology from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology. 
Atle Reinseth —Atle Reinseth serves as Vice President Project Development and Supply Chain 
Management. He joined Vår Energi in October 2022, having previously served as VP Shaping, 
Improvement and Analyses in project development, among other roles, for Equinor. His experience 
includes key leadership roles in the public sector and software industry, including with Acergy (succeeded 
by Subsea 7 S.A.). He holds a Master of Business and Economics degree from the BI Norwegian Business 
School with a specialisation in procurement and logistics. 
Conflicts of Interest 
As far as the Issuer is aware, there are no current conflicts of interest between any duties of the members 
of the Board of Directors of the Issuer towards the Issuer and their private interests or other duties outside 
the Issuer. 
Board committees 
Audit committee 
The objective of the Audit Committee is to act as a preparatory body in connection with the Board of 
Directors' supervisory roles with respect to audit, financial reporting and the effectiveness of the Issuer's 
internal control and risk management system, as well as other tasks assigned to the Audit Committee in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in these instructions. The Audit Committee supports the Board of 
Directors in the administration and exercise of its responsibility for supervision in accordance with 
applicable provisions of the Norwegian Limited Companies Act of June 13, 1997 no. 44 (Nw. aksjeloven) 
and other relevant legislation. The Audit Committee meets as often as it deems necessary to perform its 
duties, but generally at least three times every year.  
Remuneration Committee 
The objective of the Remuneration Committee is to evaluate and propose the compensation of the Issuer's 
CEO and other members of the management team and issue an annual report on the compensation of the 
management team, which shall be included in the Issuer's annual accounts pursuant to applicable rules and 
regulations, including accounting standards. 
Safety & Sustainability Committee 
The objective of the Safety & Sustainability Committee is to support the Board of Directors in matters and 
decisions related to sustainability scenarios. The Safety & Sustainability Committee provides 
recommendations and advice to the Board of Directors on scenarios and sustainability issues, including the 
Issuer's commitment to sustainable development along its value chain, energy sustainability and climate 
change, the efficient use of resources, integrity, transparency and innovation. The Safety & Sustainability 
Committee meets as often as it deems necessary to perform its duties, but generally at least twice a year, 
typically in May and September to align with the Issuer's planning cycle. 
Corporate governance 
We abide by our corporate governance framework and aim to ensure that our business is conducted 
efficiently and responsibly, that responsibilities are allocated in a clear manner and that the interests of 
shareholders, the Board of Directors and the leadership team are fully aligned. In pursuit of this objective, 
we are committed to applying a high standard of corporate governance principles. 
In particular, the Issuer has procedures in place that prevent the abuse of control of major shareholders such 
as Eni International B.V. The Issuer's corporate governance policy sets out that any transactions, 
agreements or arrangements between the Issuer and its subsidiaries, the Issuer's shareholders, members of 
the Board of Directors, members of the executive management team or close associates of any such parties 
may only be entered into as part of the ordinary course of business and on arm’s length market terms, to 
ensure equal treatment of our shareholders. Operational support from Eni International B.V. is regulated 
under service agreements. In the delegation of authority, transactions with Eni International B.V. requires 
significantly higher authority levels compared to other contracts.

--- Page 141 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 141 - 
47-41044430 
 
Eni International B.V is the holder of the Issuer's class B shares and the Issuer's articles of association sets 
out that the holder of the class B shares can elect four members to the Board of Directors, with a mechanism 
to reduce the right to elect board members if their ownership is reduced. An additional four board members 
shall be elected by the general meeting of the shareholders who are not class B shareholders, of which at 
least two shall be independent and a further four board members are employee elected pursuant to the 
Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act. The chairman of the Board of Directors shall also be 
independent according to the articles of association. With this board composition, Eni International B.V 
does not have majority control of the Board of Directors. Further, the Issuer's articles of association sets 
out that a resolution by the general meeting of shareholders requires support of at least two-thirds of the 
votes cast and of the share capital represented at the general meeting, of which at least 1 per cent. of the 
votes must be cast by shareholders other than class B shareholders, intended to prevent any one shareholder 
from taking unilateral action. 
Transactions with related parties 
In the course of our ordinary business activities, we may from time to time enter into agreements with or 
render services to related parties. In turn, such related parties may render services or deliver goods to us as 
part of their business. Purchase and supply agreements between subsidiaries and affiliated companies and 
with associated companies or shareholders of such associated companies are entered into from time to time 
within the ordinary course of business. 
Transactions with affiliated companies are negotiated and conducted on a basis equivalent to those that 
would have been achievable on an arm’s-length basis as required by applicable laws, and the terms of these 
transactions are comparable to those currently contracted with unrelated third party suppliers, 
manufacturers and service providers. 
We have a number of transaction with companies either other wholly-owned or controlled by our 
shareholders. The revenues from these sources are primarily related to sale of oil, gas and NGL, while our 
expenditures to these sources are mainly related to technical services, seconded personnel, insurance, 
guarantees and rental cost. All transactions with related parties are carried out on the basis of the “arm’s-
length” principle. 
Subsidiaries of the Issuer  
The Issuer has a 100 per cent. ownership interest in Vår Energi Marine AS, as well as an indirect 100 per 
cent. ownership interest in PR Jotun DA. The Issuer also has certain other shareholdings as shown in the 
diagram below. 
 
The Issuer a consolidation of the Group’s corporate structure on 29 November 2022, pursuant to which 
Point Resources FPSO AS was consolidated into Point Resources FPSO Holding AS, and Point Resources 
FPSO Holding AS was consolidated into Vår Energi Marine AS. The rationale for the consolidation was to 
reduce the number of legal entities in the Group and reduce administrative costs. The consolidation had no 
impact on the Issuer’s financial position or operations.

--- Page 142 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 142 - 
47-41044430 
 
Material Contracts 
The Issuer did not enter into any contracts outside the ordinary course of business which could result in any 
member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer´s ability to meet 
its obligations to the holders in respect of the Notes. 
Recent Events 
There are no recent events particular to the Issuer which are to a material extent relevant to an evaluation 
of the Issuer’s solvency.

--- Page 143 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 143 - 
47-41044430 
 
TAXATION 
Certain Norwegian considerations 
The following is a general description of certain Norwegian tax consequences resulting from the 
acquisition, ownership and disposition of the Notes. This description is based on the assumption that the 
Notes are regarded as debt instruments under Norwegian tax law. Further, this description does not 
purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to 
purchase the Notes. In particular, this discussion does not consider any specific facts or circumstances that 
may apply to a particular purchaser subject to special tax regimes, such as banks, insurance companies or 
tax exempt organisations. This summary is based on the laws (including tax treaties) currently in force and 
as applied on the date of this Base Prospectus in the Kingdom of Norway which are subject to change, 
possibly with retroactive effect. 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF THE NOTES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX 
ADVISORS AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND 
DISPOSITION OF THE NOTES, INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL TAXES 
UNDER THE TAX LAWS APPLICABLE IN THE KINGDOM OF NORWAY AND EACH COUNTRY 
OF WHICH THEY ARE RESIDENTS OR WHOSE TAX LAWS APPLY TO THEM FOR OTHER 
REASONS. 
Please note that for the purpose of the summary below, a reference to a Norwegian or non-Norwegian 
holder of the Notes refers to the tax residency and not the nationality of the holder of the Notes. The 
Norwegian Government has recently implemented a programme of tax reform in Norway.  
Taxation of interest 
Norwegian Holders of the Notes 
Both corporate and individual holders of the Notes who are residents in Norway for tax purposes 
("Norwegian Holders") are subject to Norwegian tax on interest accrued with a flat tax rate currently at 22 
per cent.  
If the Notes are not listed in a regulated market within six months following issuance, Norwegian Holders 
who are individuals resident in Norway for tax purposes will be subject to additional Norwegian taxes on 
the interest received. The deemed additional interest income is calculated on the basis of the interest accrued 
reduced by the tax rate (22 per cent.) less a risk free interest rate ("skjermingsfradrag"). The additional 
taxable income will equal the calculated additional interest income adjusted upwards with 1.72. The risk 
free interest rate is determined by the Norwegian Directorate of Taxes based on the interest rate published 
by Norges Bank on a bi-monthly basis. 
Any interest accrued in a currency other than NOK under the Notes is converted to Norwegian kroner when 
calculating the taxable interest income. 
Non-Norwegian Holders of the Notes 
In general, payments of interest on the Notes issued to holders of the Notes who are not resident in Norway 
for tax purposes ("Non-Norwegian Holders") are not subject to Norwegian tax. Exemption is made for 
interest payments to related parties (50 per cent. ownership/control) resident in low tax jurisdictions. For 
such holders of Notes, interest payments will be subject to withholding tax at a rate of 15 per cent.  Norway’s 
right to levy withholding tax on interest payments may be limited, and the withholding tax rate may be 
reduced, through regulations in a relevant tax treaty between Norway and the state of which the holder of 
Notes is tax resident. 
If the Notes are held by an individual or by a company not resident of Norway, that is performing business 
activities in Norway, and the Notes are effectively connected with such business activities in Norway, 
interest accrued will be taxed in Norway with a tax rate of 22 per cent.

--- Page 144 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 144 - 
47-41044430 
 
Taxation of capital gains or losses on disposal of the notes 
Norwegian holders of the notes 
Capital gains realised by Norwegian Holders upon the sale, disposal or other redemption of the Notes will 
be subject to Norwegian taxation at the rate of 22 per cent. Losses will be tax deductible. 
The taxable gain or deductible loss is calculated per Note and is equal to the sales price less the Norwegian 
Holder’s cost price of the Note, including costs incurred in relation to the acquisition or realisation of the 
Note. Any gain received in a currency other than NOK when realising the Notes is converted to Norwegian 
kroner when calculating the taxable gain. 
If the Norwegian Holder owns Notes acquired at different points in time, the Notes that were acquired first 
will be regarded as the first to be disposed of, on a first in first out basis. 
Non-Norwegian holders of notes 
Capital gains or profits realised on the sale, disposal or other redemption of the Notes by Non-Norwegian 
Holders are not subject to Norwegian taxes or duties. 
A tax liability in Norway will arise if the Non-Norwegian Holder is performing a business activity in 
Norway and the Notes are effectively connected with such business activities, see "—Taxation of interest—
Non-Norwegian Holders of the Notes" above. 
Net wealth tax 
Corporate holders of the Notes that are resident in Norway for tax purposes are exempt from Norwegian 
net wealth tax. 
Individual holders of the Notes who are tax resident in Norway are liable to net wealth tax. The value of 
the Notes is included in the basis for the computation of net wealth tax imposed on individual Norwegian 
holders of the Notes. As of 1 January 2023, the marginal net wealth tax rate is 1.00 per cent. on net wealth 
exceeding NOK 1,700,000 and up to NOK 19,999,999, and a current rate of 1.1 per cent. on net wealth of 
NOK 20,000,000 and above. The tax value of listed Notes is set equal to the quoted value as of January 1 
in the year of the tax assessment (i.e., the year following the relevant fiscal year). The tax value of unlisted 
Notes is equal to the presumed market value of the Notes as of January 1 in the year of the tax assessment. 
Non-Norwegian Holders are not liable to Norwegian net wealth tax on the holding of the Notes unless the 
Non-Norwegian Holder is an individual and the Notes are effectively connected with a business that the 
individual holder of the Notes carries out in Norway. 
VAT and transfer taxes 
No VAT, stamp or similar duties are currently imposed in Norway on the transfer or issuance of the Notes.

--- Page 145 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 145 - 
47-41044430 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of BNP Paribas, BofA Securities 
Europe SA, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited, DNB Bank ASA, ING Bank N.V., Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., NATIXIS, 
SMBC Bank EU AG, Société Générale, UniCredit Bank AG and Wells Fargo Securities Europe S.A. (the 
"Dealers"). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer 
to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 3 March 2023 (the "Dealer 
Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the 
method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued 
by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant 
Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which 
is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be. If in the case of any Tranche of 
Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that 
Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be 
described in the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the 
relevant Notes will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other interests 
of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of 
those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilisation 
Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes. Each new Dealer so appointed will be required to represent, warrant and 
undertake to the following selling restrictions as part of its appointment.  
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. The relevant Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules 
apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by the United States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes within 
the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an 
available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Norway 
This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be filed with or approved by the Norwegian Financial 
Supervisory Authority, the Oslo Stock Exchange or any other regulatory authority in Norway. Each Dealer 
has represented and agreed that it has not advertised, offered, sold or delivered and will not advertise, offer, 
sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes in Norway, unless in compliance with Chapter 7 of the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act 2007 and secondary regulations issued pursuant thereto, as amended

--- Page 146 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 146 - 
47-41044430 
 
from time to time, implementing the EU Prospectus Regulation (the "Securities Trading Act") and under 
any circumstance in a manner which does not required registration of the Notes in Euronext Securities Oslo 
(VPS). Accordingly, the Notes will not be marketed and offered for sale in Norway other than in 
circumstances that are deemed not to be a marketing of an offer to the public in Norway in accordance with 
the Securities Trading Act. The Notes are not expected to be registered in the VPS as the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than NOK and issued outside of the Kingdom of Norway. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision the expression 
"retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU 
MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II.  
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes does not include 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in that Member State except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State:  
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of the EU Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining 
the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes the 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted and 
agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this 
provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 147 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 147 - 
47-41044430 
 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes does not include 
the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in the United Kingdom except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject 
to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any 
such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of 
the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicate any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and

--- Page 148 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 148 - 
47-41044430 
 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Belgium 
This Base Prospectus has not been submitted for approval to the Belgian Financial Services and Markets 
Authority. Accordingly, Notes that have a maturity of less than 12 months and qualify as money market 
instruments (and that therefore fall outside the scope of the EU Prospectus Regulation) may not be 
distributed in Belgium by way of an offer of securities to the public, as defined in Article 4, 2° of the 
Belgian law of 11 July 2018 on the offer of investment instruments to the public and the admission of 
investment instruments to trading on a regulated market. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not advertised, offered, sold or delivered and will not 
advertise, offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes to any Belgian Consumers, and has not 
distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, any prospectus, 
memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or 
indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. For these purposes, a "Belgian Consumer" has the meaning provided 
by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van 
economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de droit économique), being any natural person resident or 
located in Belgium and acting for purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or profession. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(1) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) (the "SFO") other than (a) to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do not 
result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do 
not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(2) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are 
likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the 
securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be 
disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in 
the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that any 
offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy will be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax 
and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 
(in each case as amended from time to time) and any other applicable laws and regulations; 
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, 
pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities 
in the Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 
August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016 and 2 November 2020); and

--- Page 149 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 149 - 
47-41044430 
 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB 
or any other Italian authority. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell 
any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it 
has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001, as modified 
or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as 
defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to 
Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or 
(iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, it has complied and 
will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with

--- Page 150 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 150 - 
47-41044430 
 
all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, 
sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related 
offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described herein. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 151 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 151 - 
47-41044430 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
passed on 23 February 2023. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, 
approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
The CSSF has approved this document as a base prospectus. Application has been made to the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of 
EU MiFID II. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other 
or further stock exchange(s) or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The 
Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months 
prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
Significant/Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group and no significant change in the 
financial performance of the Group since 30 September 2022 and there has been no material adverse change 
in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022. 
Independent Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2021 have been audited without qualification by PricewaterhouseCoopers AS, independent 
accountants. PricewaterhouseCoopers AS did not audit and does not express an opinion on (i) the Q3 2022 
Interim Financial Statements of the Issuer as of and for the nine-month period ended 30 September 2022 
or (ii) the Q4 2022 Interim Financial Statements of the Issuer as of and for the twelve-month period ended 
31 December 2022, in each case, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The Company's independent auditor is PricewaterhouseCoopers AS (PwC), with company registration 
number 987 009 713 and registered business address at Dronning Eufemias gate 71, N-0194 Oslo, Norway. 
PwC is member of The Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (Nw.: Den Norske Revisorforening). 
Documents Available 
For as long as this Base Prospectus remains valid, copies of the following documents will, when published, 
be available for inspection or collection in physical form at all reasonable times during normal business 
hours by a Noteholder at the offices of the Issuer at Vestre Svanholmen 1, 4313 Sandnes, Norway and from 
the Specified Offices of the Paying Agent or may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their 
prior written request to any Paying Agent or the Issuer and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a 
form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be): 
(a) 
the articles of association of the Issuer;  
(b) 
the Trust Deed;  
(c) 
the Agency Agreement;  
(d) 
this Base Prospectus; and

--- Page 152 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 152 - 
47-41044430 
 
(e) 
any future base prospectus, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms to 
this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Publication on the Internet  
This Base Prospectus and the documents listed in paragraphs (a) and (e) above are available on the Issuer's 
website at: 
https://investors.varenergi.no/debt-ir/debt-financing/default.aspx 
Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the 
Issuer's website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and each document incorporated by reference are 
available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.bourse.lu). 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any assets underlying 
issues of Notes constituting derivative securities except to the extent required by any applicable laws and 
regulations. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in relation to the 
Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall specify 
any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further 
appropriate information. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Issue Price and Yield 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method of determining 
the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of different 
Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the 
interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of 
the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect 
of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the relevant Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant 
issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make 
markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including 
(but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, 
or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer and its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers of their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the

--- Page 153 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 153 - 
47-41044430 
 
Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer and its affiliates consistent with their customary 
risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of 
short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers 
and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients 
that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Listing Agent 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation 
to the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the purposes of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation. 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group providing client services with a 
worldwide network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of its operational processes to other 
BNP Paribas group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate accountability and responsibility 
in Luxembourg. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI)  
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 549300LIVN3FFOJN2K47. 
Issuer website 
The Issuer's website is https://varenergi.no/. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Validity of Base Prospectus and prospectus supplements 
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of 12 months from the date of approval, and its expiry date is 3 
March 2024. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 154 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 154 - 
47-41044430 
 
THE ISSUER 
Vår Energi ASA 
Vestre Svanholmen 1 
4313 Sandnes 
Norway 
ARRANGER 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16, 60323 
Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92 547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
N-0191 Oslo 
Norway 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
NATIXIS 
7 Promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29, Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraβe 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
Wells Fargo Securities Europe S.A. 
1-5 rue Paul Cézanne 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
TRUSTEE, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
London E14 5LB

--- Page 155 ---
10244863972-v23 
- 155 - 
47-41044430 
 
United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
as to English law: 
To the Issuer 
as to Norwegian law: 
Latham & Watkins LLP 
99 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 3XF 
United Kingdom 
Advokatfirmaet Schjødt AS 
Ruseløkkveien 14  
Postboks 2444  
Solli, 0201 Oslo  
Norway 
To the Arranger and the Dealers as to English law: 
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato 
Via Broletto, 16 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS 
Postboks 748 Sentrum 
NO-0106 Oslo 
Norway 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 
Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg