--- Page 1 ---
14961810.13 
Base Prospectus dated 14 June 2021 
 
Valeo 
Euro 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Due from one month from the date of original issue 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), 
Valeo, société européenne (the "Issuer" or "Valeo"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may 
from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the "Notes"). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any 
time exceed Euro 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue of any Notes). 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements thereto, each a "Supplement") constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as may be amended from time to time (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This Base 
Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") in France in its capacity as competent authority 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation and received the approval no. 21-223 on 14 June 2021. The AMF only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer and of the quality of the Notes which are subject to this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
For a period of twelve (12) months following the date of this Base Prospectus, application may be made to (i) the regulated 
market of Euronext in Paris ("Euronext Paris") for Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or (ii) the listing 
authority of any other Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") for Notes to be admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market (as defined below) in such Member State, provided that this Base Prospectus is completed by one or more 
Supplements, pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of any significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including information incorporated by 
reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect investors' assessment of the Notes. After 14 June 2022, this Base 
Prospectus, as supplemented, will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new 
factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further 
listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
The aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other terms and 
conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each issue of Notes will be determined based on then prevailing market 
conditions and will be set forth in the final terms (the "Final Terms") (a form of which is contained herein). The Final Terms will, 
with respect to Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, be delivered to Euronext Paris and the Final Terms related 
to Notes admitted to trading on any Regulated Market of the EEA will be published on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) 
and on the website of the Issuer (www.valeo.com). 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA (a "Regulated Market") for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("EU MiFID II") and/or offered to the public in 
a Member State of the EEA which requires the publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation, the minimum 
denomination shall be Euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes") as more 
fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. of the French Code monétaire 
et financier. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. Dematerialised Notes may, at the 
option of the Issuer, be (i) in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France 
("Euroclear France") (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of the 
Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream") or (ii) in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 1(c)(iv)), 
in either fully registered form (nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either in an account maintained by the Issuer or by 
a registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (nominatif administré) 
in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in 
bearer form without interest coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will subsequently be exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes in bearer 
form with, where applicable, coupons for interest attached on or after a date expected to be on or about the fortieth (40th) calendar day 
after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in "Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
14961810.13 
Materialised Bearer Notes") upon certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. Temporary Global 
Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined in "General Description of the Programme") intended to be cleared through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and 
(b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The long term debt of the Issuer has been rated "Baa3, negative outlook" by Moody's Investors Service ("Moody's"), and "BB+, stable 
outlook" by S&P Global Ratings ("S&P"). Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where Notes are rated, the 
applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody's and S&P are credit 
rating agencies established in the European Union, registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) on credit rating 
agencies ("EU CRA Regulation") and included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk). None of Moody’s or S&P are established in the United Kingdom (the "UK"), or are registered in accordance 
with Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The ratings of Moody's and S&P have been endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. and S&P 
Global Ratings UK Limited, respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the 
ratings issued by each of Moody's and S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to Notes issued under 
the Programme. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning credit rating agency without notice. 
Notes issued under this Programme have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or any state securities laws. Accordingly, the Notes will be offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. 
persons in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers, sales, resales and transfers see "Subscription and Sale - Selling Restrictions". 
See "Risk Factors" for a discussion of certain factors which should be considered by prospective investors in connection with 
any investment in any of the Notes issued under the Programme. 
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference will be published on the websites of the Issuer (www.valeo.com) 
and the AMF (www.amf- france.org). 
Arranger 
BNP PARIBAS 
 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
CIC MARKET SOLUTIONS 
CITIGROUP 
CREDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
J.P. MORGAN  
MUFG  
NATIXIS  
MIZUHO SECURITIES  
SOCIETE GENERALE CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
 
 
14961810.13 
This Base Prospectus (together with any Supplements) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and for the purpose of giving all necessary information with 
regard to the Issuer and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, is 
material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, 
profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the rights attached to the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference and shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part 
of this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below), and may only be used for the 
purpose for which it has been published. In relation to each separate issue of Notes, the final offer price and 
the amount of such Notes will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealers (as defined below) in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions at the time of issue of the Notes and will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see the section 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any 
of the Dealers or the Arranger (each as defined in "General Description of the Programme"). Neither the 
delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, 
create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries (filiales) taken as a whole (the "Group") since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial 
position of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in 
the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms, any offering materials under the Programme and 
the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER 
JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD, 
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, 
OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS. THE OFFERING 
OF THE NOTES WILL BE MADE AVAILABLE ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE NON-U.S. 
PERSONS LOCATED OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA IN OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTIONS AS DEFINED IN AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH AN EXEMPTION FROM 
REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURSUANT TO REGULATION S. THE NOTES 
INCLUDE MATERIALISED NOTES IN BEARER FORM THAT ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW 
REQUIREMENTS. SUBJECT TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD 
OR, IN THE CASE OF MATERIALISED NOTES, DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR 
TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF, U.S. PERSONS. IN ADDITION, UNTIL 40 DAYS AFTER THE 
COMMENCEMENT OF ANY OFFERING OF NOTES, AN OFFER OR SALE OF NOTES WITHIN 
THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA BY A DEALER (WHETHER OR NOT IT IS PARTICIPATING 
IN THE OFFERING) MAY VIOLATE THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale" below.

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
 
 
14961810.13 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes will include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of 
the Guidelines on EU MiFID II product governance requirements published by ESMA dated 5 February 
2018 and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration such determination; 
however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will have to be made by all relevant Dealers in relation to each issue about whether, for 
the purpose of the product governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID II 
Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MIFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of 
the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement 
entitled "Brexit: our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
EU PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA . For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive 2016/97/EU on insurance distribution, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014, as amended (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA which were relied on 
immediately before exit day to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
NOTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT,

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
 
 
14961810.13 
CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 
309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the "SFA"), the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that 
all Notes issued under the Programme shall be "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018). 
Notice to Canadian investors 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) 
of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must 
be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies 
for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province 
or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government 
of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 
33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding 
underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information or representations contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any 
representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the sincerity, accuracy or 
completeness of any of the information or representations contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide 
the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the 
Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial 
statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the 
relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based 
upon such investigation as it deems necessary. The contents of this Base Prospectus are not to be construed 
as legal, business or tax advice. Each potential purchaser of Notes should consult its own advisers as to 
legal, tax, financial, credit and related aspects of an investment in the Notes. None of the Dealers or the 
Arranger has reviewed or undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group 
during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or 
potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the 
Arranger. 
None of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of the Notes to fulfil environmental or 
sustainability criteria required by any prospective investors. The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are they 
responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria for Green Eligible Projects (as defined in the 
section "Use of Proceeds" below), any verification of whether the Green Eligible Projects meet such criteria 
or the monitoring of the use of an amount equivalent to the proceeds of the Notes. Investors should refer to 
Valeo’s Framework and the Second Party Opinion (both as defined in the section "Use of Proceeds" below). 
In addition, the use of an amount equivalent to the proceeds of the Notes or the eligible Green Eligible 
Projects may not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present and/or future investor expectations or 
requirements. 
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each prospective investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable Supplement to this Base Prospectus;

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
 
 
14961810.13 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact the relevant Notes 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the prospective 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks; and 
(vi) 
consult their legal advisers in relation to possible legal, tax, accounting, regulatory and related 
aspects of any investment in the Notes. 
A prospective investor should not invest in Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial 
adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the 
value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the prospective investor's overall 
investment portfolio. 
Prospective investors and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
other documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the 
Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax 
authorities or court decisions may be available for the tax treatment of financial instruments, such as the 
Notes. Potential investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation 
with respect to the subscription, acquisition, holding, disposal, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these 
advisers are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the prospective investor. 
Credit ratings 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes and/or the Issuer. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed in this section, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal by 
the assigning credit rating agency at any time. The credit ratings of the Issuer are an assessment of its ability 
to pay its obligations, including those arising from the Notes. Consequently, actual or anticipated declines 
in the credit ratings of the Issuer may affect the market value of the Notes.

--- Page 7 ---
14961810.13 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 8 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 20 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ...................................................................................... 26 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 27 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER 
NOTES ....................................................................................................................................................... 72 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 73 
DESCRIPTION OF VALEO ..................................................................................................................... 75 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................... 83 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF SECURITIES WITH 
A DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST €100,000 TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON AN EEA 
REGULATED MARKET .......................................................................................................................... 88 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 101 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR BASE PROSPECTUS .......................................................................... 105

--- Page 8 ---
1 
14961810.13 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this 
Base Prospectus. The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"below shall have the same meanings 
in this general description. 
Issuer: 
Valeo 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the continuous offer of 
Notes (the "Programme") 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas  
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
Natixis 
Société Générale 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole 
Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to "Permanent 
Dealers" are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) 
and references to "Dealers" are to all Permanent Dealers and all 
persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Programme Limit: 
Euro 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date 
of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one 
time. The principal amount of Notes outstanding under the 
Programme may be increased, as provided in an amended and 
restated dealer agreement dated 14 June 2021 between the Issuer, the 
Permanent Dealers and the Arranger. 
Fiscal Agent and Principal 
Paying Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
Paying Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services (Affiliated with Euroclear France 
under number 29106) 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or more 
issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than 
in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series 
being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that 
Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on 
the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche 
(which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of 
interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the 
terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the Final 
Terms to this Base Prospectus (the "Final Terms").

--- Page 9 ---
2 
14961810.13 
 
 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity from one (1) month from the date of original 
issue. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in Euro, U.S. Dollars, Japanese yen, 
Swiss francs, Sterling, Renminbi and in any other currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Denomination(s): 
Notes will be in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms save that, unless otherwise permitted by then 
current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one (1) year and in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer 
in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 will have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
 
The minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market within the European Economic Area or offered to 
the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
EU Prospectus Regulation will be EUR 100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency). 
 
Dematerialised Notes will be issued in one denomination only. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and will at all times rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are 
from time to time mandatory under French law) equally and rateably 
with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
Negative Pledge: 
There will be a negative pledge in respect of the Notes as set out in 
Condition 4 - see "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Negative 
Pledge". 
Events of Default 
(including cross default): 
There will be events of default (including a cross-default) in respect 
of Notes as set out in Condition 9 - see "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes - Events of Default". 
Redemption Amount: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the Redemption Amounts 
payable. Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and 
regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) which 
have a maturity of less than one (1) year and in respect of which the 
issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 must have a minimum 
Redemption Amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at 
the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the 
Noteholders and if so the terms applicable to such redemption.

--- Page 10 ---
3 
14961810.13 
 
 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption" above or in "Make-
whole Redemption by the Issuer" or in "Residual Maturity Call 
Option" or in "Clean-Up Call Option" below, Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only for tax 
reasons. See "Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons" below and 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Redemption, Purchase and 
Options". 
Make-whole Redemption 
by the Issuer: 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of 
any issue of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the 
Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to 
their Maturity Date, at the Make-whole Redemption Amount. 
Residual Maturity Call 
Option: 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more 
than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with 
Condition 14 to the Noteholders redeem the Notes, in whole but not 
in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date 
fixed for redemption, which shall be no earlier than three months 
before the Maturity Date. 
Clean-Up Call Option: 
If a Clean-Up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
if eighty (80) per cent. of the initial aggregate nominal amount of 
Notes of the same Series have been redeemed or purchased and, in 
each case, cancelled, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen 
(15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice in 
accordance with Condition 14 to the Noteholders redeem on a date to 
be specified in such notice the remaining Notes, in whole but not in 
part, at par together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date 
fixed for redemption. 
Change of Control Put 
Option: 
If at any time while any Note remains outstanding (i) a Change of 
Control occurs and (ii) within the Change of Control Period (A) (if at 
the time that the Change of Control occurs the Notes are rated with 
the agreement of the Issuer) a Rating Downgrade in respect of that 
Change of Control occurs and has not been cured prior to the expiry 
of the Change of Control Period, or (B) (if at such time the Notes are 
not rated) a Negative Rating Event in respect of that Change of 
Control occurs (either case, a "Put Event"), the holder of each Note 
will have the option (the "Change of Control Put Option") (unless, 
prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice referred to below, the 
Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes under Condition 6) to require 
the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure 
the purchase of) that Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) (as 
defined below) at its principal amount together with (or, where 
purchased, together with an amount equal to) accrued interest to but 
excluding the Optional Redemption Date (Put). 
Early 
redemption 
for 
taxation reasons: 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the 
official application or interpretation of such law, becoming effective 
after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next 
payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes, not be 
able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts, 
the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date (if this 
Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time (if this Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at 
their Early Redemption Amount provided that the due date for 
redemption shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on 
which the Issuer could make payment of principal and interest

--- Page 11 ---
4 
14961810.13 
 
 
without withholding for French taxes or, if such date is past, as soon 
as practicable thereafter. 
 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes be prevented by French law from making 
payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, Couponholders of the 
full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking 
to pay additional amounts, then the Issuer shall redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes then outstanding at their Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption on (A) the latest practicable Interest Payment Date (if this 
Note is a Floating Rate Note) on which the Issuer could make 
payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the 
Notes, provided that the due date for redemption shall be the latest 
practicable date at which the Issuer could make payment of the full 
amount payable in respect of the Notes, or, if applicable, Coupons or, 
if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes issued by the Issuer shall be made free and clear 
of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. If such withholding or 
deduction is required by French law, the Issuer will have to gross-up 
its payments to the fullest extent then permitted by law and subject to 
certain exemptions. 
Interest Periods and Rate 
of Interest:  
The length of the Interest Periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time 
or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a Maximum Rate of 
Interest, a Minimum Rate of Interest (which shall never be less than 
zero), or both. The use of Interest Accrual Periods permits the Notes 
to bear interest at different rates in the same interest period. All such 
information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series as follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc.; or 
 
(ii) 
by reference to such benchmark as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in each case (to the extent applicable) 
as adjusted for any applicable margin, or by reference to a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, as may be determined 
by the Independent Adviser if a Benchmark Event occurs. 
 
Interest periods, and the determination by linear interpolation as the 
case may be, will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. In no event 
shall the Minimum Rate of Interest be less than zero.

--- Page 12 ---
5 
14961810.13 
 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be converted from a Fixed Rate to a 
Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set 
out in the relevant Final Terms either by the election of the Issuer or 
automatically. 
Sustainability 
Linked 
Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes and Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
issued by the Issuer may be subject to a Step Up Option if the relevant 
Final Terms indicates that the Step Up Option is applicable. The Rate 
of Interest will be the Initial Rate of Interest specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, provided that for any Interest Period commencing on or 
after the Interest Payment Date immediately following a Step Up 
Event, if any, the Rate of Interest (or the applicable Margin, in the 
event of Floating Rate Notes) shall be increased by the Step Up 
Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms at the Interest 
Payment Date immediately following the Step Up Event . For the 
avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest may occur no 
more than once in respect of the relevant Note. 
Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes and Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
issued by the Issuer may be subject to a Premium Payment if the 
relevant Final Terms indicate that the Premium Payment is 
applicable. The Issuer shall pay in respect of each Note of a Series an 
amount equal to the Premium Payment Amount on the Premium 
Payment Date if a Premium Trigger Event has occurred. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of 
interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be determined by 
reference to the original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an independent adviser to 
determine a successor or an alternative benchmark and/or screen rate 
(with consequent amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and 
the application of an adjustment spread). See Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)(d) (Benchmark discontinuation) for further information. 
Redenomination: 
Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of the EU which 
will participate in the single currency of the EU may be 
redenominated into Euro, all as more fully provided in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination, Title and 
Redenomination" below. 
Consolidation: 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another Series 
as more fully provided in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 
Further Issues and Consolidation". 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form ("Dematerialised 
Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes"). 
 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in 
bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the 
option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) or administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) form. No physical documents of title will be issued in 
respect of Dematerialised Notes. See "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes - Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination".

--- Page 13 ---
6 
14961810.13 
 
 
 
Materialised 
Notes 
will 
be 
in 
bearer 
materialised 
form 
("Materialised Bearer Notes") only. A Temporary Global 
Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each Tranche of 
Materialised Bearer Notes. Materialised Notes may only be issued 
outside France. 
Governing Law: 
French law. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised 
Notes and Clearstream and Euroclear or any other clearing system 
that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to Materialised Notes. 
Initial 
Delivery 
of 
Dematerialised Notes: 
Not later than (1) one Paris business day before the issue date of each 
Tranche of Dematerialised Notes, the lettre comptable relating to 
such Tranche shall be deposited by the Issuer, with the assistance of 
the relevant Dealer, with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
Initial 
Delivery 
of 
Materialised Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Bearer 
Notes, the Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such 
Tranche shall be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream or with any other clearing system or may be 
delivered outside any clearing system provided that the method of 
such delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. The price and amount of Notes to 
be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. 
Listing and admission to 
trading:  
Listing and admission to trading on Euronext Paris or as otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. As specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, a Series of Notes may be unlisted. 
Rating: 
The long term debt of the Issuer has been rated "Baa3, negative 
outlook" by Moody's Investors Service ("Moody's"), and "BB+,  
stable outlook" by S&P Global Ratings ("S&P").  
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where 
Notes are rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody's 
and S&P are credit rating agencies established in the European 
Union, registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) 
on credit rating agencies ("EU CRA Regulation") and included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance with 
the 
EU 
CRA 
Regulation 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk). None of Moody’s or S&P are established in the United 
Kingdom (the "UK"), or are registered in accordance with Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"). The ratings of Moody's and S&P have been endorsed 
by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. and S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited, respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation 
and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by each of 
Moody's and S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 14 ---
7 
14961810.13 
 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of offering material, including in or 
into France, Switzerland, the European Economic Area and the 
United Kingdom in respect of retail investors and Japan, the People's 
Republic of China, Hong Kong, Singapore and the United States, see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
Representation of 
Noteholders: 
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be 
grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a 
masse (the "Masse"). 
 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through 
a representative (the "Representative") and in part through collective 
decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective Decisions").

--- Page 15 ---
8 
14961810.13 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes and 
may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes to be issued under the 
Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. The risks factors may 
relate to the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries. 
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer and the Notes and material for making an 
informed investment decision with respect to investing in the Notes issued under the Programme are 
described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below and in the documents incorporated by reference 
represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme. In each sub- 
category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risks, in its assessment, taking into account the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
The risk factors relating to the Issuer and its activity considered to have a high level of criticality for the 
Issuer, as summarized below, are set out in particular in pages 81 to 92 of the Document d'enregistrement 
universel of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020 incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, as set out in the section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus and 
include the following: 
− 
operational and strategic risks, including (i) risks related to changes in the technological 
environment, (ii) risks related to the development and launch of new products, (iii) risks related to 
attracting and retaining talent, (iv) risks related to quality and products and services' safety (v) 
cybersecurity and IT systems failure risk, (vi) industrial risks related to growth (vii) risks related 
to the automotive equipment industry and (viii) supplier failure risk; 
− 
financial risks, including commodity risk. 
Other risks factors relating to the Issuer and its activity set out in particular in pages 81 to 92 of the 
Document d'enregistrement universel of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020 incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus, as set out in the section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this 
Base Prospectus are considered to have a medium level of criticality. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
1. 
Risks Relating to all Series of Notes 
Credit risk 
An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. Since the Notes are unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, benefiting from no direct recourse to any assets or guarantees (see Condition 3), 
the Noteholders can only rely on the ability of the Issuer to pay any amount due under the Notes. The value 
of the Notes will depend on the creditworthiness of the Issuer (as may be impacted by the risks relating to 
the Issuer described above). If the creditworthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, the potential impact on the 
Noteholders could be significant because (i) the Issuer may be unable to fulfill all or part of its payment 
obligations under the Notes (in particular those in relation to the payment of interest and principal specified 
in Conditions 5 and 6), (ii) the market value of the Notes may decrease and (iii) investors may lose all or 
part of their investment. 
French Insolvency Law and EU Restructuring Directive 
French insolvency laws and the EU Restructuring Directive (as defined below) could have a material 
adverse effect on Noteholders' rights and claims under the Notes. 
As a société européenne incorporated in France, French involvency laws apply to the Issuer. Subject to the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, the Noteholders, in respect of all Tranches of any Series, will be 
grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a Masse, as defined in Condition 11 
(Representation of Noteholders).

--- Page 16 ---
9 
14961810.13 
 
 
Under French insolvency law, notwithstanding any clause to the contrary, holders of debt securities issued 
by a French company are grouped into a single assembly of holders (the "Assembly") in order to defend 
their common interests if a safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), an accelerated safeguard 
procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accelérée), an accelerated financial safeguard procedure (procédure 
de sauvegarde financière accelérée) or a judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement 
judiciaire) is opened in France with respect to the Issuer, (either automatically or where authorised by the 
supervising judge, depending on certain statutory conditions being satisfied). 
The Assembly comprises holders of all debt securities (including any Notes) issued by the Issuer, whether 
or not under a debt issuance programme (such as the Programme) and regardless of the governing law 
applicable to such issuance. 
The Assembly deliberates on the proposed draft safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde), draft 
accelerated safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde accélérée), draft accelerated financial safeguard 
plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde financière accélérée) or draft judicial reorganisation plan (projet de 
plan de redressement) applicable to the Issuer approved by the other creditors' committees. 
The draft plan submitted to the Assembly: 
(i) 
must take into account subordination agreements entered into by the creditors before the opening 
of the proceedings; 
(ii) 
may reschedule, partially or totally write-off their receivables (unless the debt was incurred (i) 
during the conciliation procedure which resulted in an approved conciliation agreement (accord de 
conciliation homologué) and benefitted from the new money lien as provided for therein or (ii) as 
part of a previous safeguard or judicial reorganisation proceedings provided such debt benefits 
from the newly enacted safeguard/reorganisation lien ); 
(iii) 
may establish a differentiated treatment between holders of debt securities (including the 
Noteholders) if their difference of situations so justifies; and/or 
(iv) 
may provide for the conversion of debt securities (including the Notes) into shares or securities 
that give or may give right to share capital (such conversion requiring the relevant shareholder 
consent). 
Decisions of the Assembly will be taken by a two-third majority (calculated as a proportion of the amount 
of the debt securities held by the holders attending such Assembly or represented thereat). No quorum is 
required on convocation of the Assembly. The holders whose repayment schedule is not modified by the 
plan, or for which the plan provides for a payment of their claims in cash in full as soon as the plan is 
adopted or as soon as their claims are admitted, do not take part in the vote. The amounts of the claims 
secured by a trust (fiducie) constituted as a guarantee granted by the debtor are not taken into account. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of the holders of Notes issued by 
the Issuer described in the Terms and Conditions and, if applicable, the applicable Final Terms, will not be 
applicable to the extent they conflict with compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in these 
circumstances. 
The procedures, as described above or as they will or may be amended, could have an adverse impact on 
holders of such Notes seeking repayment in the event that the Issuer is to be subject to French insolvency 
proceedings. 
It should be noted that Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of 
debt and disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning 
restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 dated 20 June 
2019 (the "EU Restructuring Directive") shall be transposed by Member States before 17 July 2021 
(unless the transposition period has been extended (as the case may be), including France. In France, French 
statute n°2019-486 dated 22 May 2019 ("Loi Pacte") grants the French government 24 months to enact 
appropriate measures through ordinances for the implementation of the EU Restructuring Directive. More 
specifically, the EU Restructuring Directive is expected to impact the process of adoption of restructuring 
plans under insolvency proceedings. Creditors (including the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate 
classes which reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes 
shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that are sufficiently

--- Page 17 ---
10 
14961810.13 
 
 
similar to justify considering the members of the class a homogenous group with commonality of interest. 
A restructuring plan shall be deemed to be adopted by affected parties, provided that a majority in the 
amount of their claims or interests is obtained in each and every class (the required majorities shall be laid 
down by Member States at not higher than 75% in the amount of claims or interests in each class). If the 
restructuring plan is not approved by each and every class of affected parties, the plan may however be 
confirmed by a judicial or administrative authority upon the proposal of a debtor or with the debtor's 
agreement by applying a cross-class cram-down, and consequently, becoming binding upon dissenting 
voting classes. 
Therefore, when the EU Restructuring Directive is transposed into French law, it is likely that the holders 
of notes (including the Noteholders) will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a 
separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, 
as any other affected parties, the holders of notes will be grouped into one or several classes (potentially 
with other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote could be overridden by a cross-class cram down. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect on 
the market value of Notes and any decisions taken by the Assembly, a class of affected parties, or a class 
of creditors, as the case may be, could negatively impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part 
of their investment. 
Modification of the Conditions 
Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders) contains provisions for consulting Noteholders on matters 
affecting their interest generally. The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be 
automatically grouped for the defence of their common interests in a Masse, as defined in Condition 11 
(Representation of Noteholders). Noteholders can adopt measures either through a general meeting (the 
"General Meetings") or by consent following a written consultation (the "Written Decisions", together 
with the General Meetings, the "Collective Decisions"). 
The Terms and Conditions permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend (or were not represented) and vote at the relevant General Meeting or were 
not represented at the relevant meeting or did not consent to a Written Decision and Noteholders who voted 
in a manner contrary to the majority. 
While it is not possible to assess the likelihood that the Terms and Conditions will need to be amended by 
way of a Collective Decision during the life of the Notes, if it were necessary it is possible that a majority 
of Noteholders could adopt a Collective Decision that would modify the Terms and Conditions in a way 
that could impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders.  
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for 
which there may be no active trading market. If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may 
trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for 
similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although in 
relation to Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, the Final Terms of the Notes will 
be filed with the AMF in France, there is no assurance that such admission to trading will occur, that any 
particular Tranche of Notes will be so listed and admitted or that an active trading market will develop. 
Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any 
particular Tranche of Notes. 
In addition, certain Notes may be designed for specific investment objectives or strategies and therefore 
may have a more limited secondary market and experience more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. This may have a negative impact on the liquidity of the Notes and result in low trading volumes. 
The degree of liquidity of the Notes may negatively impact the price at which an investor can dispose of 
the Notes where the investor is seeking to achieve a sale within a short timeframe. In such circumstances, 
the impact of this risk on the Noteholder would be high because Notes would likely have to be resold at a 
discount to the nominal value of the Notes. Furthermore, if additional and competing products are 
introduced in the markets, this may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.

--- Page 18 ---
11 
14961810.13 
 
 
Exchange rates and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (each a "Specified Currency"). The 
Specified Currency for any Series of Notes will be identified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer will 
pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency 
or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. Such risks generally depend on a number of factors, 
including financial, economic and political events over which the Issuer has no control. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency- equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect exchange rates, as well as the availability of the Specified Currency in 
which a Note is payable at the time of payment of interest and/or principal in respect of such Note. This 
risk should not be overplayed, but if it were to materialise, the Noteholders whose financial activities are 
carried out or dependent principally in a currency or currency unit other than the relevant Specified 
Currency could be very negatively impacted as they might receive less interest or principal than expected, 
or, at worst, no interest or principal. 
2. 
Risks related to the structure and characteristics of a particular issue of Notes 
The Programme allows for the issuance of a wide range of Notes with varying structures and features. Such 
structures and features may present particular risks for potential investors. A description of the most 
common risks associated with such structures and features is set out below: 
(1) 
Interest Rate Risks 
Interest rate risk on Fixed Rate Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest 
("Fixed Rate Notes") to Noteholders (see Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes)). While the 
nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note is specified in the relevant Final Terms and is determined for the 
term of such Note or a given period of time, the market interest rate (the "Market Interest Rate") typically 
varies on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of the Fixed Rate Note on the 
secondary market varies in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of the 
Fixed Rate Note typically decreases, until the yield of such Fixed Rate Note equals approximately the 
Market Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate decreases, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically 
increases, until the yield of such Fixed Rate Note equals approximately the Market Interest Rate. 
Noteholders should be aware that movements of the Market Interest Rate can adversely affect the price of 
the Notes in the secondary market and could cause Noteholders to lose part of the capital invested if they 
decide to sell Notes during a period in which the market interest rate exceeds the fixed rate of the Notes. It 
is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a 
significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes and cause Noteholders who sell Notes on the 
secondary market to lose part of their initial investment. 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a floating rate of interest 
(the "Floating Rate Notes") to Noteholders (see Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes)). A key 
difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes (issued pursuant to Condition 5(b) (Interest 
on Fixed Rate Notes)) is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. The interest 
payable in relation to Floating Rate Notes comprises (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or 
subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change 
throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) which itself will change in 
accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be 
volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to Market Interest Rates evidenced by the relevant

--- Page 19 ---
12 
14961810.13 
 
 
reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of 
the relevant reference rate. This stated volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value 
of the Notes. 
Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes 
at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of 
investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as completed 
by the relevant Final Terms, provide for frequent interest payment dates, Noteholders are exposed to the 
reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to 
them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
Risks related to Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or referencing "benchmarks" 
Where, pursuant to Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes), the applicable Final Terms for a Series 
of Floating Rate Notes specify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to 
the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), the 
Constant Maturity Swap Rate ("CMS"), the London Interbank Bid Rate ("LIBID"), the London Interbank 
Mean Rate ("LIMEAN") and other indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", investors should be 
aware that such "benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance 
and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to 
disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. Any such consequences could have a significant adverse effect on the liquidity, market value 
of and return on any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") which has been in force since 1 January 
2018 and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") apply to the provision 
of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU 
and the UK, respectively . It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based or non-UK based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU or UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based or non-UK based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a direct impact on any 
Floating Rate Notes linked to a rate or index deemed to be a "benchmark", in particular, if the methodology 
or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have 
the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
"benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has 
amended the existing provisions of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions 
applicable to material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing 
provisions of the EU Benchmarks Regulation have been further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the 
EU on 12 February 2021 (the "Amending Regulation").  
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of 
certain benchmarks by conferring on the European Commission the power to designate a statutory 
replacement for (i) benchmarks designated as critical that may affect the stability of financial markets in 
the European Union, and other relevant benchmarks, if their cessation or wind-down would significantly 
disrupt the functioning of financial markets in the European Union, (ii) third-country benchmarks if their 
cessation or wind-down would significantly disrupt the functioning of financial markets in the European 
Union or pose a systemic risk to the financial system in the European Union, and (iii) benchmarks 
designated as critical in a Member State by a national laws, such replacement being restricted to contracts 
and financial instruments which do not contain fallback provisions or suitable fallback provisions and have 
not been renegotiated before the date of cessation of the benchmark concerned. The statutory replacement 
of a benchmark could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked 
to or referencing such benchmark.

--- Page 20 ---
13 
14961810.13 
 
 
In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end 
of 2023. The European Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if 
necessary. The Amending Regulation applies since 13 February 2021. Such developments may create 
uncertainty regarding any future legislative or regulatory requirements arising from the implementation of 
delegated regulations. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks" (including LIBOR, EURIBOR, CMS, 
LIBID and LIMEAN): (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to 
such "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmarks" or (iii) lead 
to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as 
a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing 
a "benchmark". 
Occurrence of a Benchmark Event 
In the case of Screen Rate Determination for Notes linked to or referencing an inter-bank offered rate 
"benchmark" pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes), the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes at Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d) (Benchmark discontinuation) provide for certain fallback 
arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an inter-bank offered rate or other 
relevant reference rate, and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published, becomes unavailable, 
or if the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest 
on any Floating Rate Notes by reference to such benchmark under the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise, the Issuer will appoint an Independent Adviser as more fully 
described in Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d) (Benchmark discontinuation) who will determine a Successor Rate 
or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), with or without the 
application of an adjustment spread (which, if applied, could be positive or negative, and would be applied 
with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant 
benchmark), and may include any necessary changes to the business day convention, the definition of 
business day, the interest determination date, the day count fraction and will apply to the relevant Notes 
without any requirement that the Issuer obtain consent of any Noteholders. 
The Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly its 
general evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to 
determine or measure. In addition, the replacement rate may perform differently from the discontinued 
benchmark. For example, there are currently proposals to replace LIBOR (which generally has a term of 
one, three or six months) with an overnight rate. Similarly, proposals have been made to use a rate on highly 
rated government obligations to replace LIBOR, which is currently based on interbank lending rates and 
carries an implicit element of credit risk of the banking sector. These and other changes could significantly 
affect the performance of an alternative rate compared to the historical and expected performance of LIBOR 
or any other relevant benchmark. There can be no assurance that any adjustment factor applied to any Series 
of Notes will adequately compensate for this impact. This could in turn impact the rate of interest on, and 
trading value of, the affected Notes. Moreover, any holders of such Notes that enter into hedging 
instruments based on the applicable Relevant Rate may find their hedges to be ineffective, and they may 
incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. 
If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine an appropriate Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for 
any discontinued Relevant Rate, then the provisions for the determination of the rate of interest on the 
affected Notes will not be changed. In such cases, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that, the 
relevant Rate of Interest on such Notes will be the last Relevant Rate available as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, effectively converting such Notes into fixed rate Notes. Subject to the right for the Issuer 
to re-apply, at any time, the provisions regarding the determination of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, 
the effective conversion into fixed rate notes may affect the secondary market and the market value of the 
Notes as the fixed rate may be lower than the rates usually applicable to such Notes. In the event of the

--- Page 21 ---
14 
14961810.13 
 
 
application of a fixed rate of interest, the Noteholders would not be able to benefit from any potentially 
favourable prevailing market conditions. 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and 
the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended 
at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a significant adverse effect on the market value of and return on any 
such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes linked to or referencing a 
"benchmark" or could have a material adverse effect on the market value or liquidity of, and the amount 
payable under, the Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". Investors should note that, the 
Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected 
consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, 
any such adjustment will be favourable to each Noteholder. 
Risks relating to Notes which are linked to SONIA 
Where, pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iii)(B), the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes 
specify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to SONIA, investors should 
be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets 
and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR. In particular, market participants and relevant working 
groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA, including term SONIA reference rates 
(which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term). 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a SONIA 
rate issued under this Base Prospectus. The continued development of SONIA as an interest reference rate 
for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-based rates for such markets and 
the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or 
could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes.  
Interest on Notes which reference a SONIA rate is only capable of being determined at the end of the 
relevant Interest Period and shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for 
investors in Notes that reference a SONIA rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest that will be 
payable on such Notes.  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Conditions as applicable to the Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer may in the future issue 
Notes referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with the 
Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond markets 
may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the 
derivative and loan markets.  
Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference rates 
across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place 
in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes referencing a SONIA rate. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
The Terms and Conditions allow the Issuer to issue Notes with a fixed rate of interest that is later converted 
to a floating rate of interest and vice versa (see Condition 5(d) (Interest on Fixed to Floating Rate Notes)). 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate or that will automatically change from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. The optional 
conversion of the interest rate may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the 
Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If 
a fixed rate is converted to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.

--- Page 22 ---
15 
14961810.13 
 
 
In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If a floating rate 
is converted to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. It is difficult 
to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant adverse 
effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted Notes 
The Terms and Conditions allow the Issuer to issue zero coupon Notes (see Condition 5(e) (Zero Coupon 
Notes)). Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon 
Notes than on the prices of other Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If 
market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having 
the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of 
investment associated with a particularly high price risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders 
of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to higher losses on their investments than the holders of other 
instruments such as Fixed Rate or Floating Rate Notes. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility 
in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
(2) 
Risks relating to the Redemption of the Notes 
An early redemption at the option of the Issuer could cause the yield anticipated by Noteholders to be 
considerably less than anticipated 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(see Conditions 6(b)(i) (Call Option and partial redemption), 6(b)(ii) (Make-whole redemption by the 
Issuer), 6(b)(iii) (Residual Maturity Call Option) and 6(b)(iv) (Clean-up Call Option)). In addition, in the 
event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf 
of France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may, and in certain 
circumstances must, redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Terms and Conditions (see 
Condition 6(e) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons)). 
As a consequence of any such early redemption, the yield received upon redemption may be lower than 
expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes 
paid by the Noteholder. As a result, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the 
Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors 
that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in 
securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
More generally, in relation to any Tranche of Notes whereby Condition 6(b)(i) (Call Option and partial 
redemption) or Condition 6(b)(ii) (Make-whole redemption by the Issuer) have been activated, the Issuer 
may choose to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. During a 
period when the Issuer may elect, or has elected, to redeem Notes in part or in whole, such Notes may 
feature a market value not substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. In such 
circumstances, a Noteholder may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security 
at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes and may only be able to do so at a lower 
rate. 
No obligation to notify of Clean-up Call Option trigger 
With respect to Condition 6(b)(iv) (Clean-up Call Option), there is no obligation on the Issuer to inform 
investors if and when the triggering threshold of 80 per cent. of the initial aggregate nominal amount of 
Notes of the same Series needed to exercise the clean-up call option has been reached or is about to be 
reached, and the Issuer's right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of 
a notice in respect of the exercise of the clean-up call option, the Notes may have been trading significantly 
above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss for the Noteholders or lower than expected returns. 
Partial redemption and exercise of put option 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes pursuant to Condition 6(b)(i) (Call Option and partial 
redemption) or 6(b)(ii) (Make-whole redemption by the Issuer), such partial redemption may be effected,

--- Page 23 ---
16 
14961810.13 
 
 
at the option of the Issuer, by reducing the nominal amount of all such Notes in proportion to the aggregate 
nominal amount redeemed. 
In addition, the Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption of Notes held 
by any Noteholder at its option (see Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders and exercise 
of Noteholders' options)). 
Depending on the proportion of the principal amount of all of the Notes so reduced or the number of Notes 
so redeemed, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such options is not exercised 
may become illiquid, which depending on the extent of the illiquidity, may have a direct and significant 
impact on any remaining Noteholders seeking to dispose of their Notes. In addition, such Noteholders may 
not be able to reinvest the moneys they receive upon such early redemption in securities with the same yield 
as the redeemed Notes. 
(3) 
Risks relating to Renminbi-denominated Notes 
Renminbi is not freely convertible; there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi into and 
out of the PRC; there is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC; each of which may affect 
the liquidity of the RMB Notes and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi out of the PRC to service RMB 
Notes. 
The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Series of Notes may specify that the Notes are denominated 
in Renminbi. Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC 
Government") continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and other currencies. 
Although the People's Bank of China ("PBoC") has implemented policies improving accessibility to 
Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in the past, there is no assurance that the PRC Government 
will liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi 
cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated 
in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of 
the PRC. Despite the efforts in recent years to internationalise the currency, there can be no assurance that 
the PRC Government will not impose interim or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of 
Renminbi. 
In the event that funds cannot be remitted out of the PRC in Renminbi, the overall availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under the RMB 
Notes may be adversely affected. 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. 
Although the offshore Renminbi market is expected to grow in depth and size, this is subject to constraints 
imposed by PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There is no assurance that new PRC law and 
regulations will not be promulgated or the settlement arrangements between the PBoC and certain financial 
institutions in respect of limited clearing of Renminbi outside of the PRC will not be terminated or amended 
in the future, each of which may have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. 
The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of its RMB Notes. To the 
extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service the RMB Notes, there is no 
assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. Should the 
Issuer resort to using another currency, such as US Dollar, to respect its payment obligations under the 
RMB Notes, the relevant Noteholders may lose part of their investment when converting such currency 
back into Renminbi, depending on the prevailing exchange rate at that time. 
(4) 
Risks relating to “Green Bonds” and “Sustainability Linked Notes”  
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as “Green Bonds”  
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention 
to issue "green bonds" and apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing projects from any of the Green Eligible Projects (such Notes 
being "Green Bonds"), as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section of the relevant Final Terms and as further

--- Page 24 ---
17 
14961810.13 
 
 
described in the Issuer's Framework (as defined under "Use of Proceeds" below) which is available on the 
website of the Issuer (https://www.valeo.com/en/bond-investors/).  
The use of the proceeds for any projects included in the Green Eligible Projects may not satisfy, whether 
in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment 
criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any 
present or future applicable laws or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates.  
In connection with the issue of "Green Bonds" under the Programme, the Issuer may request a provider of 
second party opinions to issue a second party opinion confirming that the Eligible Green Projects (as 
defined under "Use of Proceeds" below) have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of 
eligibility for green projects set out by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green Bond 
Principles (GBP) and/or a second party opinion regarding the suitability of the Notes as an investment in 
connection with certain environmental and sustainability project. The Second Party Opinion provided by 
ISS ESG (as defined under "Use of Proceeds" below) or any opinion or certification of any third party 
(whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any 
Notes and in particular with any Green Eligible Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability and/or 
other criteria may not be suitable for Noteholders' purposes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.  
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether 
or not regulated), the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange 
or securities market to another. Any such listing or admission to trading may not be obtained in respect of 
any such Notes or, if obtained, any such listing or admission to trading may not be maintained during the 
life of the Notes.  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of the Green Bonds in, or substantially in, the 
manner described in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, 
any Green Eligible Projects may not be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner 
and/or accordance with any timing schedule and, accordingly, such proceeds may not be totally or partially 
disbursed for such projects, and such projects may not be completed within any specified period or at all or 
with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated 
by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the 
Notes.  
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes to Green Eligible Projects as aforesaid 
and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the 
Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is 
opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock 
exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes 
and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance such projects and/or result 
in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for 
a particular purpose and, consequently, Noteholders could be adversely affected. 
Notes issued as “Green Bonds” may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green 
assets  
In connection with the issue of "Green Bonds" under the Programme, the Issuer may request a provider of 
second party opinions to issue a second party opinion. A second party opinion may not reflect the potential 
impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes or the projects financed or refinanced toward an amount 
corresponding the net proceeds of the relevant issue of Notes in the form of "Green Bonds". A second party 
opinion would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and would only be current as 
of the date it is released. In addition, although the Issuer may agree at the time of issue of any Green Bonds 
to certain reporting and use of proceeds (including in the case of certain divestments described under "Use 
of Proceeds") it would not be an event of default under the Notes if the Issuer. were to fail to comply with 
such obligations. A withdrawal of the second party opinion may affect the value of such Notes and/or may 
have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets.

--- Page 25 ---
18 
14961810.13 
 
 
Moreover, the second party opinion providers and providers of similar opinions and certifications are not 
currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Noteholders have no recourse 
against the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the provider of any such opinion or certification for the contents of 
any such opinion or certification, which is only current as at the date it was initially issued. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any 
investment in the Green Bonds. Any withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion 
or certification attesting that the Group is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which 
such opinion or certification is opining on or certifying on may have a material adverse effect on the value 
of the Green Bonds and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Even if a second party opinion is obtained in respect of any series of Green Bonds, however, whilst any 
issue of Green Bonds will be made in accordance with the ICMA GBP, as there is currently no clearly-
defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes a "green" 
or equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be 
defined as "green", the Green Bonds may not meet any or all investor expectations regarding the Green 
Bonds or the Group's targets qualifying as "green" or that any adverse other impacts will not occur in 
connection with the Group striving to achieve such targets. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever 
of any opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection with the offering of Green Bonds. 
Any such opinion, report or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
A basis for the determination of the definitions of "green", "sustainable" and "sustainability-linked" has 
been established in the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the 
"Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation") on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the "EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy"). The EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the European Commission 
through delegated regulations of technical 45 screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in 
the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation.  
Sustainability Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets 
with sustainability characteristics  
In June 2021, the Issuer adopted the Framework, in accordance with the Sustainability-Linked Bonds 
Principles (the "SLBP") administered by the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) and the 
Sustainability-Linked Loan Principles (the "SLLP") administered by the Loan Market Association (LMA). 
The Framework was reviewed by ISS ESG which provided a Second Party Opinion (as defined under "Use 
of Proceeds" below) on the relevance and scope of the selected key performance indicators (KPI(s)) and 
the associated sustainability performance targets (SPTs) and also confirmed the alignment with the SLBP 
and the SLLP. A second party opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the 
structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of 
Sustainability Linked Notes issued under the Programme. A second party opinion would not constitute a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and would only be current as of the date it is released. A 
withdrawal of the Second Party Opinion may affect the value of such Sustainability LinkedNotes and/or 
may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in sustainability-linked 
assets. The Issuer does not assume any obligation or responsibility to release any update or revision to the 
Framework and/or information to reflect events or circumstances after the date of publication of such 
Framework and, therefore, an update or a revision of the Second Party Opinion may or may not be requested 
to ISS ESG or other providers of second party opinions. 
Moreover, the second party opinion providers and providers of similar opinions and certifications are not 
currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Noteholders have no recourse 
against the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the provider of any such opinion or certification for the contents of 
any such opinion or certification, which is only current as at the date it was initially issued. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any 
investment in the Sustainability LinkedNotes. Any withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any

--- Page 26 ---
19 
14961810.13 
 
 
such opinion or certification attesting that the Group is not complying in whole or in part with any matters 
for which such opinion or certification is opining on or certifying on may have a material adverse effect on 
the value of the Sustainability LinkedNotes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Furthermore, although the interest rate is subject to a Step Up Option adjustment, and a premium payment 
may be payable by the Issuer, in certain circumstances specified in the Conditions, such Notes may not 
satisfy an investor's requirements or any future legal or quasi legal standards for investment in assets with 
sustainability characteristics. The Notes described above are not being marketed as green bonds since the 
Issuer expects to use the relevant net proceeds for general corporate purposes and therefore the Issuer does 
not intend to allocate the net proceeds specifically to projects or business activities meeting environmental 
or sustainability criteria, or be subject to any other limitations associated with green bonds. 
In addition, the interest rate adjustment in respect of the above-mentioned Step Up Option and the premium 
payment amount in respect of the Notes depend on a definition of carbon reduction or, as the case may be, 
sustainable procurement, that may be inconsistent with investor requirements or expectations or other 
relevant definitions. In each case, the Issuer may or may not request a second party opinion. 
If such second party opinion is obtained, however, as there is currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, 
regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes a "sustainable" or "sustainability-
linked" or equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project 
to be defined as "sustainable" or "sustainability-linked" (and, in addition, the requirements of any such label 
may evolve from time to time), the Sustainability Linked Notes may not meet any or all investor 
expectations regarding the Sustainability Linked Notes or the Group's targets qualifying as "sustainable" or 
"sustainability-linked" or that any adverse other impacts will not occur in connection with the Group 
striving to achieve such targets. 
Once the technical screening criteria are established, there is no certainty to what extent the investments 
planned in the Group’s sustainability strategy (also underlying the Sustainability Linked Notes through 
their link to certain key performance indicators) will be aligned with the EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection with the offering of 
Sustainability Linked Notes. Any such opinion, report or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Lastly, no Event of Default shall occur under the Sustainability Linked Notes, nor will the Issuer be required 
to repurchase or redeem such Notes, if the Issuers fails to reach its sustainability performance target related 
to Sustainability Linked Notes.

--- Page 27 ---
20 
14961810.13 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following sections identified in 
the cross-reference table below of the following documents which have been previously published and have 
been filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF") as competent authority in France for the 
purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such sections shall be incorporated in, and shall be deemed to 
form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
the sections identified in the cross-reference table below of the 2020 Document d'enregistrement 
universel in the French language relating to the Issuer filed with the AMF on 6 April 2021 under 
no. D.21-0260, including the audited statutory and consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
as at, and for the year ended, 31 December 2020 and the related notes thereto (the "2020 URD"); 
(ii) 
the sections identified in the cross-reference table below of the 2019 Document d'enregistrement 
universel in the French language relating to the Issuer filed with the AMF on 28 April 2020 under 
no. D.20-0385, including the audited statutory and consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
as at, and for the year ended, 31 December 2019 and the related notes thereto (the "2019 URD"); 
(iii) 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 5 July 
2017 which received visa no. 17-337 from the AMF, (the "2017 EMTN Conditions"); 
(iv) 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 3 May 
2016 which received visa no. 16-161 from the AMF, (the "2016 EMTN Conditions"); 
(v) 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 7 May 
2015 which received visa no. 15-178 from the AMF as well as the Supplement no. 1 dated 9 March 
2016, which received visa no. 16-073 from the AMF, (the "2015 EMTN Conditions"); and 
(vi) 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 23 April 
2013 which received visa no. 13-174 from the AMF, (the "2013 EMTN Conditions" and together 
with the 2015 EMTN Conditions, the 2016 EMTN Conditions and the 2017 EMTN Conditions, 
the "Previous EMTN Conditions"). 
Free translations in the English language of the 2020 URD and the 2019 URD are available on the Issuer's 
website (www.valeo.com). These documents are available for information purposes only and are not 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The only binding versions are the French language 
versions. 
For as long as any Notes are outstanding, this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and 
all documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus may be obtained, free of charge, (i) at 
the office of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents set out at the end of this Base Prospectus during normal 
business hours, (ii) at the registered office of the Issuer during normal business hours, and (iii) on the 
website of the Issuer (www.valeo.com). Provision of such documents does not constitute a representation 
that such documents have not been modified or superseded in whole or in part as specified above. Written 
or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the principal office of BNP Paribas Securities 
Services in its capacity as Fiscal Agent (as defined in the "Terms and Conditions" of the Notes below) or 
to the Issuer at its registered office set out at the end of this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus and any 
supplement to this Base Prospectus will also be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
The Final Terms related to Notes admitted to trading on Euronext Paris will be published on the websites 
of (x) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (y) the Issuer (www.valeo.com). If the Notes are admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris, the relevant Final Terms will provide whether 
additional methods of publication are required and what they consist of. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the information 
on the websites to which this Base Prospectus (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any information on 
the websites which appear in the documents incorporated by reference) refers does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
The following table cross-references the pages of the Documents Incorporated by Reference. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the information requested to be disclosed by the Issuer as a result of Annex 7 of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended,

--- Page 28 ---
21 
14961810.13 
 
 
and not referred to in the cross reference list below is either contained in the relevant sections of this Base 
Prospectus or is not relevant to the investors. Any information not listed in the cross-reference list but 
included in the documents incorporated by reference is considered as additional information and is not 
required by the relevant schedules of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing 
the Prospectus Regulation, as amended.  
Information incorporated by reference 
(Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980) 
2020 URD 
2019 URD 
3. RISK FACTORS 
3.1 A description of the material risks that are specific 
to the issuer and that may affect the issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the securities, in a limited 
number of categories, in a section headed "Risk 
Factors". 
pp. 81 to 92 
- 
4. INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
4.1. History and development of the Issuer 
4.1.1. The legal and commercial name of the issuer. 
p. 450 
- 
4.1.2. The place of registration of the issuer, its 
registration number and legal entity identifier ('LEI'). 
p. 450 
- 
4.1.3. The date of incorporation and the length of life 
of the issuer, except where the period is indefinite. 
p. 450 
- 
4.1.4. The domicile and legal form of the issuer, the 
legislation under which the issuer operates, its country 
of incorporation, the address, telephone number of its 
registered office (or principal place of business if 
different from its registered office) and website of the 
issuer, if any, with a disclaimer that the information on 
the website does not form part of the prospectus unless 
that information is incorporated by reference into the 
prospectus. 
p. 450 
- 
5. BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
5.1. Principal activities 
5.1.1. A brief description of the issuer's principal 
activities stating the main categories of products sold 
and/or services performed. 
pp. 28 to 47 
pp. 52 to 71 
- 
5.1.2. The basis for any statements made by the issuer 
regarding its competitive position. 
pp. 28 to 33 
p. 37  
pp. 42 to 44 
pp. 45 to 47 
pp. 52 to 71 
-

--- Page 29 ---
22 
14961810.13 
 
 
Information incorporated by reference 
(Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980) 
2020 URD 
2019 URD 
6. ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
6.1. If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description 
of the group and the issuer's position within the group. 
This may be in the form of, or accompanied by, a 
diagram of the organisational structure if this helps to 
clarify the structure. 
pp. 51 to 52 
p. 453 
- 
6.2.If the issuer is dependent upon other entities within 
the group, this must be clearly stated together with an 
explanation of this dependence. 
pp. 385 to 392 
p. 422 
p. 452 
- 
7. TREND INFORMATION 
7.1. A description of: (a) any material adverse change 
in the prospects of the issuer since the date of its last 
published audited financial statements; and (b) any 
significant change in the financial performance of the 
group since the end of the last financial period for 
which financial information has been published to the 
date of the registration document. If neither of the 
above are applicable then the issuer should include (an) 
appropriate negative statement(s). 
pp. 310 to 311 
p. 423 
- 
9. ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
9.1 Names, business addresses and functions within the 
issuer of the following persons and an indication of the 
principal activities performed by them outside of that 
issuer where these are significant with respect to that 
issuer: (a) members of the administrative, management 
or supervisory bodies; (b) partners with unlimited 
liability, in the case of a limited partnership with a 
share capital. 
p. 5 
p. 14 
pp. 101 to 154 
- 
10. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
10.1. To the extent known to the issuer, state whether 
the issuer is directly or indirectly owned or controlled 
and by whom and describe the nature of such control 
and describe the measures in place to ensure that such 
control is not abused. 
pp. 435 to 440 
- 
10.2. A description of any arrangements, known to the 
issuer, the operation of which may at a subsequent date 
result in a change of control of the issuer 
p. 447 
- 
11. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
11.1 Historical Financial Information 
11.1.1 Historical financial information covering the 
latest two financial years (at least 24 months) or such 
shorter period as the issuer has been in operation and 
the audit report in respect of each year. 
Consolidated 
financial statements 
312 to 398 
Non consolidated 
financial statements 
pp. 401 to 426 
Consolidated 
financial statements 
pp. 298 to 387 
Non consolidated 
financial statements 
pp. 390 to 415

--- Page 30 ---
23 
14961810.13 
 
 
Information incorporated by reference 
(Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980) 
2020 URD 
2019 URD 
11.1.3 Accounting standards  
The financial information must be prepared according 
to International Financial Reporting Standards as 
endorsed in the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002.  
If Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 is not applicable the 
financial statements must be prepared according to:  
(a) a Member State’s national accounting standards 
for issuers from the EEA as required by Directive 
2013/34/ EU;  
(b) a third country’s national accounting standards 
equivalent to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 for 
third country issuers.  
 
Otherwise the following information must be included 
in the registration document:  
(a) a 
prominent 
statement 
that 
the 
financial 
information included in the registration document 
has not been prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as 
endorsed in the Union based on Regulation (EC) 
No 1606/2002 and that there may be material 
differences in the financial information had 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 been applied to 
the historical financial information;  
(b) immediately following the historical financial 
information a narrative description of the 
differences 
between 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1606/2002 as adopted by the Union and the 
accounting principles adopted by the issuer in 
preparing its annual financial statements.  
 
Consolidated 
financial statements 
p. 318 
Consolidated 
financial statements 
p. 304 
11.1.4 Where the audited financial information is 
prepared according to national accounting standards, 
the financial information must include at least the 
following: 
Non consolidated 
financial statements 
Non consolidated 
financial statements 
(a) the balance sheet; 
- Balance sheet: p. 
402 
 
- Balance sheet: p. 
391 
 
(b) the income statement; 
- Income statement: 
p. 401 
 
- Income statement: 
p. 390 
 
(c) the accounting policies and explanatory notes. 
- Explanatory notes: 
pp. 404 to 422 
- Explanatory notes: 
pp. 393 to 415 
11.6 Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited 
financial information may not be older than 18 months 
from the date of the registration document 
31 December 2020

--- Page 31 ---
24 
14961810.13 
 
 
Information incorporated by reference 
(Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980) 
2020 URD 
2019 URD 
11.2 Auditing of Historical financial information 
11.2.1 
The historical annual financial information must be 
independently audited. The audit report shall be 
prepared in accordance with the Directive 2006/43/EC 
and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. 
Where Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No 
537/2014 do not apply, the historical financial 
information must be audited or reported on as to 
whether or not, for the purposes of the registration 
document, it gives a true and fair view in accordance 
with auditing standards applicable in a Member State 
or an equivalent standard. Otherwise, the following 
information must be included in the registration 
document: 
(a) a prominent statement disclosing which auditing 
standards have been applied; 
(b) an explanation of any significant departures from 
International Standards on Auditing. 
 
Consolidated 
financial statements 
pp. 393 to 398 
Non consolidated 
financial statements 
pp. 423 to 426 
Consolidated 
financial statements 
pp. 383 to 387 
Non consolidated 
financial statements 
pp. 412 to 415 
11.2.1(a) 
Where audit reports on the historical financial 
information have been refused by the statutory auditors 
or where they contain qualifications, modifications of 
opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis of matter, the 
reason must be given, and such qualifications, 
modifications, disclaimers or emphasis of matter must 
be reproduced in full  
- 
p. 383 
11.2.2 Indication of other information in the 
registration document which has been audited by the 
auditors. 
- 
- 
11.3 Legal and arbitration proceedings 
11.3.1 Information on any governmental, legal or 
arbitration 
proceedings 
(including 
any 
such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which 
the issuer is aware), during a period covering at least 
the previous 12 months which may have, or have had 
in the recent past significant effects on the issuer and/or 
group's financial position or profitability, or provide an 
appropriate negative statement. 
pp. 90 to 91 
p. 337 
pp. 357 to 360 
- 
11.4 Significant change in the Issuer's financial position 
11.4.1 A description of any significant change in the 
financial position of the group which has occurred 
since the end of the last financial period for which 
either audited financial information or interim 
financial information have been published, or provide 
an appropriate negative statement. 
pp. 310 
-

--- Page 32 ---
25 
14961810.13 
 
 
Information incorporated by reference 
(Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980) 
2020 URD 
2019 URD 
12. MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
12.1 A brief summary of all material contracts that are 
not entered into in the ordinary course of the issuer's 
business, which could result in any group member 
being under an obligation or entitlement that is material 
to the issuer's ability to meet its obligations to security 
holders in respect of the securities being issued 
p. 454 
- 
 
The Previous EMTN Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only 
of further issues of notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued 
with the Previous EMTN Conditions.  
PREVIOUS EMTN CONDITIONS 
2017 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 30 to 61 
2016 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 34 to 66 
2015 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 31 to 61 
2013 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 28 to 58

--- Page 33 ---
26 
14961810.13 
 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the 
provisions of Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/979, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or 
inaccuracy or omission relating to the information included or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, the Issuer will prepare and make available an 
appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus, which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be 
listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market, shall constitute a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant provisions of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Any such 
supplement will be submitted to the AMF for approval.

--- Page 34 ---
27 
14961810.13 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion by the relevant Final Terms, 
shall be applicable to the Notes (the "Terms and Conditions"). 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes which are being admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in a Member 
State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical 
documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In 
the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these Terms and Conditions together with the 
relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these Terms and Conditions as so completed (and subject to 
simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given 
to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series 
only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Valeo (the "Issuer" or "Valeo") in series (each a "Series") having one or more 
issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of 
interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. 
Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific 
terms of each Tranche (which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and 
nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be 
set out in the Final Terms to this Base Prospectus (the "Final Terms"). 
The Notes are issued with the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated 14 June 2021 
between the Issuer, BNP Paribas Securities Services, as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it (as 
amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the "Agency Agreement"). The fiscal agent, the paying 
agents, the redenomination agent, the consolidation agent, the calculation agent(s) and the put agent for the 
time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which 
expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the "Redenomination Agent", the "Consolidation Agent", the 
"Calculation Agent(s)" and the "Put Agent". 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated 
in a Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") as defined in the Directive 2014/65/EU on 
markets in financial instruments, as amended. 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs 
below. 
In these Conditions, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references below to "day" 
or "days" mean a calendar day. 
The Notes shall constitute obligations within the meaning of Article L. 213-5 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier (the "Code"). 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION(S), TITLE AND REDENOMINATION 
(a) 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in 
materialised form ("Materialised Notes"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles 
L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 of the Code by book entries (inscriptions en compte). 
No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to 
Article R.211-7 of the Code) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of 
Euroclear France ("Euroclear France", acting as central depository) which shall 
credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined below), or in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the 
relevant Noteholder in either administered registered form (au nominatif

--- Page 35 ---
28 
14961810.13 
 
 
administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder or in fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France 
maintained by the Issuer or the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final 
Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the "Registration Agent"). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised 
financial intermediary institution entitled, either directly or indirectly, to hold 
accounts on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear 
Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and the 
depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
The Issuer may require, at any time, the identification of the Noteholders unless 
such right is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form ("Materialised Bearer Notes"). 
Materialised Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with coupons (the 
"Coupons") (and, where appropriate, a talon (the "Talon")) attached, save in the 
case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in 
relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-7 of the Code, securities 
(such as Notes) which are governed by French law and are in materialised form 
must be issued outside the French territory. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Specified Denomination(s)") save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances 
which require the publication of a Base Prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such other currency at the issue date or such other higher amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant monetary or financial 
authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency (as 
defined below)). Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and 
transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer 
in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes 
may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the 
Issuer or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, 
Coupons and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue ("Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes"), shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the 
Noteholder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to 
be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing 
on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the Noteholder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, "Noteholder" means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, 
the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder or 
the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such 
Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Note and the Coupons, or Talon relating to it, and capitalised

--- Page 36 ---
29 
14961810.13 
 
 
terms have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence 
of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
(d) 
Redenomination: 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest 
Payment Date, without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, 
by giving at least thirty (30) calendar days' notice in accordance with Condition 
14 and on or after the date on which the European Member State in whose national 
currency the Notes are denominated has become a participating Member State in 
the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided 
in the Treaty establishing the European Community , as amended from time to 
time (the "Treaty")), or events have occurred which have substantially the same 
effect, redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into Euro 
and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set 
out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described below. The date on 
which such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these 
Conditions as the "Redenomination Date". 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by 
converting the principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency 
into Euro using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate 
established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to applicable 
regulations of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Euro 0.01 
(with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure 
resulting from conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the 
nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes so determined shall be 
notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. Any balance remaining 
from the redenomination with a denomination higher than Euro 0.01 shall be paid 
by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 
being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euro on the 
Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to 
the relevant national currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the 
Consolidation Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this 
Condition or any consolidation pursuant to Condition 13, without the consent of 
the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, make any changes or additions to this 
Condition or Condition 13 (including, without limitation, any change to any 
applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial 
centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or 
benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of redenominated 
euromarket debt obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to the 
interests of the relevant Noteholders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes, Coupons and 
Talons and shall be notified to them in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, 
Coupon or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses 
in relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency 
conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith.

--- Page 37 ---
30 
14961810.13 
 
 
2. 
CONVERSION AND EXCHANGES OF NOTES 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not 
be converted into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, 
whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may 
not be converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au 
porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at 
the option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option 
by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the Code. 
Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes: 
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
Materialised Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
3. 
STATUS 
The Notes and, where applicable, any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will 
at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and (subject to such 
exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French law) equally and rateably with all 
other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Coupons relating to them, remain outstanding, 
the Issuer will not create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge or other security interest 
upon any of its business, undertakings, assets or revenues, present or future, to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness (as defined below) incurred or guaranteed by it (whether before or after the issue of 
the Notes) unless the Issuer's obligations under the Notes and Coupons are equally and rateably 
secured so as to rank pari passu with such Relevant Indebtedness or such guarantee in respect 
thereof. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for borrowed money in the form of, or 
represented by, bonds (obligations) or other securities (including titres de créance négociables) 
which are for the time being, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily traded on any 
stock exchange, over-the-counter-market or other securities market. 
5. 
INTEREST AND OTHER CALCULATIONS 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following 
defined terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
"Benchmark" means the reference rate (LIBOR, LIBID, LIMEAN, CMS or EURIBOR) 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject as provided in Condition 5(c)(ii)(B)(d). 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a day on which the Trans European 
Automated Real Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer system or any

--- Page 38 ---
31 
14961810.13 
 
 
successor thereto (TARGET 2) (the "TARGET System") is operating (a 
"TARGET Business Day"), and/or 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments in Renminbi in Hong Kong and in 
the relevant Business Centre(s) (if any), and/or 
(iii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro and 
Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for 
that currency, and/or 
(iv) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more additional business 
centre(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s). 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (from and including the first (1st) calendar day of such 
period to but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the 
"Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and 
sixty-five (365) (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (A) the actual number of calendar days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by three hundred and sixty-six 
(366) and (B) the actual number of calendar days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by three hundred and sixty-five (365)); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of calendar 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the 
sum of: 
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number 
of calendar days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of calendar days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; 
in each case where "Determination Period" means the period from and including 
a Determination Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; 
and 
"Determination Date" means the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and 
sixty-five (365);

--- Page 39 ---
32 
14961810.13 
 
 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty (360); 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred 
and sixty (360), calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) calendar day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day 
immediately following the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"D1" is the first (1st) calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be thirty-one (31), in which case D1 will be 
thirty (30); and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
calendar day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 
thirty-one (31) and D1 is greater than twenty-nine (29), in which case D2 will be 
thirty (30); 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and 
sixty (360) calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) calendar day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) 
calendar day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day 
immediately following the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be thirty-one (31), in which case D1 will be thirty (30); 
and

--- Page 40 ---
33 
14961810.13 
 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
calendar day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 
thirty-one (31), in which case D2 will be thirty (30); 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty (360), 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) calendar day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately 
following the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day 
immediately following the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"D1" is the first (1st) calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last calendar day of February or (ii) such number 
would be thirty-one (31), in which case D1 will be thirty (30); and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
calendar day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last 
calendar day of February but not the Maturity Date (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) or (ii) such number would be thirty-one (31), in which case D2 will 
be thirty (30). 
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
so specified, the first (1st) calendar day of the Interest Accrual Period to which such 
Interest Determination Date relates. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that 
have adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended from time to time. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first (1st) Interest Period Date and 
each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable, for a particular period, and in 
the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the 
case may be. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest, an Interest 
Accrual Period or the interest amount in relation to Renminbi Notes, the date specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the calendar day falling two 
(2) TARGET Business Days prior to the first (1st) calendar day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is Euro or (ii) the first (1st) calendar day of such Interest

--- Page 41 ---
34 
14961810.13 
 
 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the calendar day falling two 
(2) Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior 
to the first (1st) calendar day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
neither Sterling nor Euro. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first (1st) Interest Payment Date 
and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if 
the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date. 
"Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service (including, but not limited to, Reuters Markets 3000 ("Reuters")) as may be 
specified for the purpose of providing a Relevant Rate, or such other page, section, caption, 
column or other part as may replace it on that information service or on such other 
information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying 
rates or prices comparable to that Relevant Rate. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the 
Notes and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if none, four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market 
(or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most 
closely connected with the Benchmark (which, if EURIBOR is the relevant Benchmark, 
shall be the Euro-zone). 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined 
in accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the 
financial centre as may be specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the financial centre with which the relevant Benchmark is most closely 
connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR, shall be the Euro-zone) or, if none is so 
connected, Paris. 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Note or Coupon, the date on which payment in 
respect of it first became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made 
or (in the case of Materialised Notes if earlier) the date seven (7) calendar days after that 
on which notice is duly given to the holders of such Materialised Notes that, upon further 
presentation of the Materialised Note or Coupon being made in accordance with the 
Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation. 
"Relevant Rate" means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified 
Currency for a period (if applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the 
Specified Duration commencing on the Effective Date. 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time 
in the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no time is 
specified, the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to 
determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits in the Specified Currency in the 
interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre or, if no such customary local time

--- Page 42 ---
35 
14961810.13 
 
 
exists, 11.00 hours in the Relevant Financial Centre and, for the purpose of this definition 
"local time" means, with respect to Europe and the Euro-zone as a Relevant Financial 
Centre Brussels time. 
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the 
amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with Screen Rate Determination-IBOR on an Interest Determination Date, the 
duration specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time 
equal to the relative Interest Accrual Period, ignoring any adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 5(c)(ii). 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. 
If a fixed amount of interest ("Fixed Coupon Amount") or a broken amount of interest 
("Broken Amount") is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be 
payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrear (except as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms) on 
each Interest Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in 
the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest 
Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other 
period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first (1st) Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is 
specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day 
Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the 
Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) 
each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which 
such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the applicable 
Final Terms specify that the relevant Business Day Convention is to be applied 
on an "unadjusted" basis, the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not be 
affected by the application of that Business Day Convention.

--- Page 43 ---
36 
14961810.13 
 
 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the 
manner specified in the relevant Final Terms and, unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the provisions below relating to either ISDA 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where "ISDA Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of 
an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first (1st) calendar day of that 
Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", 
"Calculation 
Agent", 
"Floating 
Rate 
Option", 
"Designated 
Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – LIBOR or 
EURIBOR 
Where "Screen Rate Determination-IBOR" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Accrual Period 
in accordance with the following: 
(a) 
if the Primary Source for Relevant Rate is a Page, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(i) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such 
Page is a composite quotation or is customarily supplied 
by one entity) or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons 
whose Relevant Rates appear on that Page, 
in each case appearing on such Page at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date; 
(b) 
if the Primary Source for the Relevant Rate is Reference Banks 
or if sub-paragraph (a)(i) applies and no Relevant Rate appears 
on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date or if sub-paragraph (a)(ii) applies and fewer than two 
Relevant Rates appear on the Page at the Relevant Time on the

--- Page 44 ---
37 
14961810.13 
 
 
Interest Determination Date, subject as provided below, the Rate 
of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates 
that each of the Reference Banks is quoting to leading banks in 
the Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; and 
(c) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are so quoting 
Relevant Rates, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest 
shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) that the Calculation Agent determines to be the 
rates (being the nearest equivalent to the Relevant Rates) in 
respect of a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency 
that at least two out of five leading banks selected by the 
Calculation Agent in the principal financial centre of the country 
of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified Currency is Euro, 
in the Euro-zone as selected by the Calculation Agent (the 
"Principal Financial Centre") are quoting at or about the 
Relevant Time on the date on which such banks would 
customarily quote such rates for a period commencing on the 
Effective Date for a period equivalent to the Specified Duration 
(I) to leading banks carrying on business in Europe, or (if the 
Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two of such banks 
are so quoting to leading banks in Europe) (II) to leading banks 
carrying on business in the Principal Financial Centre; except 
that, if fewer than two of such banks are so quoting to leading 
banks in the Principal Financial Centre, the Rate of Interest shall 
be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest 
Determination Date (after readjustment for any difference 
between any Margin, Rate Multiplier or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Accrual 
Period and to the relevant Interest Accrual Period). 
(d) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate at any time when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes 
provide for any rate of interest (or any component part thereof) 
to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the following provisions shall apply and prevail over other 
fallbacks specified in Condition 5(c). 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, an Independent 
Adviser to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)(d)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)(d)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments, if 
any (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d)(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d) shall act in as an expert and (in 
the absence of manifest error or fraud) shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or the

--- Page 45 ---
38 
14961810.13 
 
 
Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant 
to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate  
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(1) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d)(iv)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or 
the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the further operation of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d)); or 
(2) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an 
Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d)(iv)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or 
the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the further operation of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines (A) that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, 
then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant 
Rate(s) of Interest (or a relevant component part 
thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the determination of any 
Adjustment Spread by the Independent Adviser (i) shall 
not affect the application, with respect to a particular 
Interest Period, of the Margin specified as applicable to 
such Interest Period in the Final Terms and (ii) shall 
only be made, in accordance with customary market 
usage in the international debt capital market, to reduce 
or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable 
in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as the case may be) to Noteholders. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)(d) and the Independent Adviser determines 
(A) that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (including amendments to the definitions of Day 
Count Fraction, Business Days or Page) are strictly

--- Page 46 ---
39 
14961810.13 
 
 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread 
(such 
amendments, 
the 
"Benchmark 
Amendments") and (B) the relevant terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject 
to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)(d)(v), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice. 
For 
the 
avoidance 
of 
doubt, 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments referred to above, determined by the 
Independent Adviser as appropriate to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread, (i) shall only relate to the 
terms, notions and definitions used in this Condition 5 
(Interest and other Calculations), to the exclusion of 
any commercial terms relating to the Issuer and 
reflected in other Conditions, and (ii) shall only be 
made, in accordance with customary market usage in 
the international debt capital market, to reduce or 
eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in 
the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as the case may be) to Noteholders. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance 
with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which 
the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to 
trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and 
in relation to the determination of the Rate of Interest 
on the immediately following Interest Determination 
Date, no Independent Adviser has been appointed or no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined pursuant to this provision, the Original 
Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes 
of determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest 
Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback 
provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes will continue to apply to such 
determination. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but 
not obliged), at any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply 
the provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d), mutatis 
mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any 
associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark 
Amendments) has been determined and notified in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d) (and, 
until such determination and notification (if any), the 
fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms 
and Conditions will continue to apply). 
(vi) 
Fallbacks

--- Page 47 ---
40 
14961810.13 
 
 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and 
in relation to the determination of the Rate of Interest 
on the immediately following Interest Determination 
Date, no Independent Adviser has been appointed or no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined pursuant to this provision, the Original 
Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes 
of determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest 
Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback 
provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes will continue to apply to such 
determination, provided that such fallbacks may in 
certain circumstances, lead to applying the Rate of 
Interest determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but 
not obliged), at any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply 
the provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d), mutatis 
mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any 
associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark 
Amendments) has been determined and notified in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d)(a) (and, 
until such determination and notification (if any), the 
fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms 
and Conditions including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
the fallbacks specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(c), will 
continue to apply). 
(vii) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the Issuer's obligations under the 
provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d), the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for 
in Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(c) will continue to apply unless 
and until the party responsible for determining the Rate 
of Interest has been notified of the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and of any 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments. 
(viii) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which 
may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, 
which the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, determines in 
accordance with customary market usage in the 
international debt capital market for such Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate and which is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which:

--- Page 48 ---
41 
14961810.13 
 
 
a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally 
recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; 
b) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case 
of a Successor Rate where (a) above does not 
apply), is in customary market usage in the 
international 
debt 
capital 
market 
for 
transactions which 
c) 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where 
such rate has been replaced by the Alternative 
Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor 
Rate); or 
d) 
if no such recommendation or option has been 
made (or made available), or the Independent 
Adviser determines there is no such spread, 
formula or methodology in customary market 
usage, the Independent Adviser determines to 
be appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of a 
Successor Rate, an alternative benchmark or screen rate 
which the Independent Adviser determines in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d) and 
which, to the extent possible, is customary market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes 
of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for a commensurate interest 
period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original 
Reference Rate: 
a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or 
be published; 
b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement 
by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date 
falling six (6) months prior to the date specified 
in (b)(i); 
c) 
the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference 
Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; 
d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement 
by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original

--- Page 49 ---
42 
14961810.13 
 
 
Reference Rate will, on or before a specified 
date, 
be 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six (6) 
months prior to the date specified in (d)(i); 
e) 
the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that means the Original 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, in each case within 
the following six (6) months; 
f) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest 
Determination Date, become unlawful for the 
Issuer, the party responsible for determining 
the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation 
Agent or such other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, as applicable), or any 
Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to 
be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate (including, without limitation, 
under the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable); 
g) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or 
registration pursuant to article 35 of the EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
or 
the 
UK 
Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark 
administrator previously authorised to publish 
such Original Reference Rate has been adopted; 
or 
h) 
the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that means the methodology for 
calculating the Original Reference Rate (i) has 
changed materially or (ii) will change 
materially. 
"EU Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2016/2011 of 8 June 2016, as amended or superseded. 
"Independent 
Adviser" 
means 
an 
independent 
financial institution of international repute or an 
independent adviser of recognised standing with 
appropriate expertise, at all times acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, appointed by 
the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)(d)(i). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the Relevant Rate 
originally specified in the relevant Final Terms for the 
purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or 
any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates,

--- Page 50 ---
43 
14961810.13 
 
 
or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, 
chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (i) the central bank for the currency 
to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or 
other 
supervisory 
authority 
which 
is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), 
(iii) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, 
following a Benchmark Event, more than one successor 
or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser will 
determine, among those successor or replacement rates, 
the one which is the most appropriate, taking into 
consideration, without limitation, the particular features 
of the relevant Notes. 
"UK Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2016/2011 as it forms part of the domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Relevant Rate" 
specifies that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in 
respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by linear 
interpolation by reference to two (2) rates based on the relevant 
Floating Rate Benchmark, one of which corresponding to a 
maturity next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which corresponding to a maturity next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – SONIA 
(a) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SONIA" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, such Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(ii) or 5(c)(iii)(C)(iii) below, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(iv) to 5(c)(iii)(C)(v) as 
applicable. 
(b) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being "Lag Method", the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be

--- Page 51 ---
44 
14961810.13 
 
 
"Compounded Daily SONIA-Lag" plus or minus (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
(c) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being "Observation Shift Method", the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
"Compounded Daily SONIA-Shift" plus or minus (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
(d) 
For the purposes of Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(ii): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA-Lag", with respect to an Interest 
Period, will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐸𝐷 x 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] x 365
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means, for any Interest Period, the number of calendar days 
in such Interest Period; 
"do" means, for any Interest Period, the number of London 
Banking Days in such Interest Period; 
"i" means, for any Interest Period, a series of whole numbers 
from one to do, each representing the relevant London Banking 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in such Interest Period to, and including, the last 
London Banking Day in such Interest Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any 
Interest Period, the date falling p London Banking Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, 
on which the Notes are due and payable). 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest 
Period the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
London Banking Day; 
"p" for any Interest Period, means the number of London 
Banking Days specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
period from, and including, the date falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first 
Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date 
which is p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p London

--- Page 52 ---
45 
14961810.13 
 
 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and payable); 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London 
Banking Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means, in respect of any London Banking 
Day "i" falling in the relevant Interest Period, the SONIA 
Reference Rate for the London Banking Day falling p London 
Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i". 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily SONIA-Lag only compounds the SONIA 
Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The 
SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London 
Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference 
Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without 
compounding. 
(e) 
For the purposes of Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(iii): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA-Shift", with respect to an Interest 
Period, will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards: 
where: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] x 365
𝑑 
"d" means, for any Observation Period, the number of calendar 
days in such Observation Period; 
"do" means, for any Observation Period, the number of London 
Banking Days in such Observation Period; 
"i" means, for any Observation Period, a series of whole 
numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first London Banking Day in such Observation Period to, and 
including, the last London Banking Day in such Observation 
Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any 
Interest Period, the date falling p London Banking Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, 
on which the Notes are due and payable).

--- Page 53 ---
46 
14961810.13 
 
 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant 
Observation Period the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, 
the following London Banking Day; 
"p" for any Interest Period, means the number of London 
Banking Days specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, 
the period from, and including, the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and 
the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date 
which is p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling p London 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and payable); 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London 
Banking Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" 
falling in the relevant Observation Period, the SONIA Reference 
Rate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily SONIA-Shift only compounds the SONIA 
Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The 
SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London 
Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference 
Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without 
compounding. 
(f) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant 
Reference Period or Observation Period, as the case may be, the 
Calculation Bank determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is 
not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise 
been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such 
SONIA Reference Rate shall be: 
(i) 
the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London 
Banking Day; plus (y) the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous London Banking Days on which a SONIA 
Reference Rate has been published, excluding the 
highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest

--- Page 54 ---
47 
14961810.13 
 
 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one 
only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(ii) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of 
England at close of business on the relevant London 
Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding 
London Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference 
Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors). 
(g) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(vii), the 
Rate of Interest shall be (x) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) 
or (y) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to 
the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period 
but 
ending 
on 
(and 
excluding) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the 
first Interest Period). 
(h) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 9 (Events of default), the final Interest Determination 
Date shall, notwithstanding the definition specified above, be 
deemed to be the date on which the Notes became due and 
payable and the Rate of Interest on the Notes shall, for so long 
as the Notes remain outstanding, be the rate determined on such 
date. 
(d) 
Interest on Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Where a Change of Interest Basis is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, each Fixed/Floating Rate Note will bear interest 
on their outstanding nominal amount at a rate: 
(i) 
that the Issuer may decide to convert at the switch date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (the "Switch Date") from a Fixed Rate (as calculated in accordance 
with Condition 5(b) and specified in the relevant Final Terms) to a Floating Rate 
(as calculated in accordance with Condition 5(c) and specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate (the "Change of Interest 
Basis"). The Change of Interest Basis by the Issuer will be applicable by giving 
notice to the Noteholders within the period specified in the relevant Final Terms 
in accordance with Condition 14; or 
(ii) 
which shall be automatically converted from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or 
from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate at the Switch Date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (the "Automatic Change of Interest Basis"). 
(e) 
Sustainability Linked Notes:  
(i) 
This Condition 5(e) applies to Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes and 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes issued by the Issuer in respect of which the applicable

--- Page 55 ---
48 
14961810.13 
 
 
Final Terms indicate that the Step Up Option and/or the Premium Payment, as the 
case may be, is applicable (the "Sustainability Linked Notes").  
(ii) 
Where a Step Up Option is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be the Initial Rate of Interest specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, provided that for any Interest Period commencing on or 
after the Interest Payment Date immediately following a Step Up Event, if any, 
the Rate of Interest (or the applicable Margin, in the event of Floating Rate Notes) 
shall be increased by the Step Up Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms 
at the Interest Payment Date immediately following the Step Up Event.  
For the avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest may occur no more 
than once in respect of the relevant Note.  
(iii) 
Where a Premium Payment is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer shall pay in respect of each Note of a Series an amount equal to 
the Premium Payment Amount on the Premium Payment Date if a Premium 
Trigger Event has occurred.  
(iv) 
Any significant change to the calculation methodology1 of the SPTs or significant 
changes in data due to better data accessibility, which shall not have a material 
adverse effect on the interests of the Noteholders, may result in a significant 
change in baseline and/or the SPTs. In such case, SPTs will be recalculated in 
good faith by the Issuer to reflect such significant changes, provided that  the 
Issuer’s external auditor has independently confirmed to the Issuer in writing that 
the proposed revision:  
(A)  
is consistent with the Issuer’s strategy;  
(B)  
is in line with the initial level of ambition of the SPT; and  
(C)  
has no material impact on the second party opinion originally provided 
to the Group in connection with the Framework.  
Any such significant change will be communicated as soon as reasonably 
practicable by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent and 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14.  
Any other change will be made with the prior approval of the Noteholders, to the 
extent that such change may have an adverse effect on the interests of the 
Noteholders.  
In this Condition:  
"CO2eq" means carbon dioxide equivalent. 
"Compliance Certificate" means the certificate issued by the Issuer’s External Auditor 
in respect of the SPT by the end of April following the Target Observation Date.  
"External Auditor" means EY & Associés or, in the event that EY & Associés resigns or 
is otherwise replaced, such other qualified provider of third party assurance or attestation 
services chosen among the audit or ESG services firms and appointed by the Issuer. 
"Framework" means the Issuer's green and sustainability-linked financing framework (as 
may be amended and/or supplemented from time to time) which is available on the website 
of the Issuer (https://www.valeo.com/en/bond-investors/). 
 
1   
The threshold value for a significant change is an actual change that impacts the SPT, in aggregate, by 5 percent 
or more (in line with the recommendation by the SBTi).

--- Page 56 ---
49 
14961810.13 
 
 
"Initial Rate of Interest" means the initial Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"KPI" means key performance indicator and designates the Carbon Reduction KPI and 
the Sustainable Procurement KPI. 
"Carbon Reduction KPI" means the key performance indicator directly based on the 
Issuer’s commitments to carbon neutrality by 2050 and its 2030 decarbonation trajectory 
measuring the Issuer’s carbon footprint across all of its operational activities and 
emissions related to its supply chain and use of products (scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3) 
measured on the Issuer’s perimeter at the Target Observation Date, to be approved by the 
SBTi and defined in the Framework and includes:  
- 
direct green house gas emissions ("GHG"): combustion emissions from stationary 
sources on sites, emissions from fuel combustion by Group vehicles, direct emissions 
from non-energy processes such as volatile organic compounds incinerators and 
direct fugitive emissions relating to refrigerant leaks; 
- 
indirect GHG emissions: associated with energy consumption, related to the 
consumption of electricity, steam, compressed air and other sources;  
- 
indirect GHG emissions linked to the purchase of materials used in industrial 
processes (steel, aluminum, copper, zinc, plastics, electronic components, chemicals 
and packaging); 
- 
indirect GHG emissions related to the use of products; and 
- 
other indirect GHG emissions regarded as not material (including emissions related 
to waste management, emissions from the Issuer’s assets used with third parties, 
emission from energy production, emissions from the installation of the Issuer’s 
products in vehicles by automakers, emission related to the processing of end-of-life 
products and emission from downstream product transportation. 
The methodology is based on a set of two calculations:  
(i) 
Fulfilling the requirements of SBTi by 2030 of the baseline of scopes in 
2019 for the entire portfolio of solutions of Valeo:  
▪ 
-75% scope 1+ scope 2; 
▪ 
-15% scope 3 upstream; 
▪ 
-15% scope 3 downstream, and 
(ii) 
The net avoided emissions2 for the vehicles in which Valeo contributes 
directly through the use of its sold technologies in place in the vehicles: the 
targeted avoided emissions correspond to -50% by 2030. 
The SPTs related to Carbon Reduction KPI for any specific Sustainability Linked Notes 
will vary based on the maturity of the instrument but will be calibrated off the 2025 and 
2030 emissions reduction targets: 
(i) 
Intermediary reduction target: 37.95 million CO2eq tons in 2025 
▪ 
Reduction in CO2eq emissions (scope 1 & 2) from 1.1 million tons 
emitted in 2019 to 0.65 million tons in 2025 
 
2 For further details, please refert to Section 4.3.3, item CO2 emissions related to the use of Valeo products (Scope 3) 
of the 2020 URD.

--- Page 57 ---
50 
14961810.13 
 
 
▪ 
Reduction in CO2eq emissions (scope 3 upstream) from 9.5 million 
tons emitted in 2019 to 8.9 million tons in 2025 
▪ 
Reduction in CO2eq emissions (scope 3 downstream) from 
39 million tons emitted in 2019 to 28.4 million tons in 2025 
(including electrification portfolio) 
(ii) 
2030 reduction target: 27.88 million CO2eq tons in 2030 
▪ 
Reduction in CO2eq emissions (scope 1 & 2) from 1.1 million tons 
emitted in 2019 to 0.28 million tons in 2030 
▪ 
Reduction in CO2eq emissions (scope 3 upstream) from 9.5 million 
tons emitted in 2019 to 8.1 million tons in 2030 
▪ 
Reduction in CO2eq emissions (scope 3 downstream) from 
39 million tons emitted in 2019 to 19.5 million tons in 2030 
(including electrification portfolio) 
"Carbon Reduction KPI Condition" means the notification in writing by the Issuer to 
the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 on the 
SPT Notification Date that the actual CO2eq emissions related to the Carbon Reduction 
KPI was equal or lower than the applicable SPT, and therefore the relevant SPT was met 
or exceeded, at the relevant Target Observation Date. 
"Carbon Reduction KPI Event" means the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the SPT related 
to the Carbon Reduction KPI and the Carbon Reduction KPI Condition. 
"Premium Payment Amount" means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes, an 
amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Premium Payment Date" means the first day of the next Interest Period following the 
date on which the Issuer is required to publish the Compliance Certificate as of and for 
the period ending on the Target Observation Date. 
"Premium Trigger Event" means either a Carbon Reduction KPI Event or a Sustainable 
Procurement KPI Event, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Sustainable Procurement KPI" means the key performance indicator based on the share 
of production purchases from the Issuer’s suppliers which are subject to the evaluation of 
their sustainable development practices over the year (in proportion of the amount of 
purchases) and defined in the Framework and is structured following a yearly evaluation 
of a sample of its production and non-production suppliers (representing suppliers from 
all regions, commodities and segments, as well as large suppliers and small and medium-
sized enterprises and review of the issuers’ policies and achievements on governance, 
health and safety, environmental management, human rights and supplier management. 
The SPT related to Sustainable Procurement KPI refers to the Issuer’s target to increase 
the amount of its purchases from which suppliers are subject to the evaluation of their 
sustainable development practices to 82% by 2025. 
"Sustainable Procurement KPI Condition" means the notification in writing by the 
Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
on the SPT Notification Date that the actual share of production purchases related to the 
Sustainable Procurement KPI was equal or higher than the applicable SPT, and therefore 
the relevant SPT was met or exceeded, at the relevant Target Observation Date. 
"Sustainable Procurement KPI Event" means the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the SPT 
related to the Sustainable Procurement KPI and the Sustainable Procurement KPI 
Condition. 
"SBTi" means the Science Based Targets initiative.

--- Page 58 ---
51 
14961810.13 
 
 
"SPT" means the Sustainability Performance Target related to the Carbon Reduction KPI 
or the Sustainable Procurement KPI, as defined in the Framework and specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the applicable SPT. 
"SPT Notice" means the notice delivered by the Issuer on the SPT Notification Date 
"SPT Notification Date" means a Business Day falling no later than forty-five (45) days 
prior to the Step Up Date, when the Issuer will notify and report the actual performance 
related to the selected SPT. 
"Step Up Date" means the first day of the next Interest Period following the date on which 
the Issuer is required to publish the Compliance Certificate as of and for the period ending 
on the Target Observation Date.  
"Step Up Event" means either a Carbon Reduction KPI Event or a Sustainable 
Procurement KPI Event, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Step Up Margin" means the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the 
Step Up Margin.  
"Target Observation Date" means the date associated with a predefined SPT specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, on which the Issuer’s performance of each KPI will be 
observed and measured against each respective predefined SPT. 
(f) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero 
Coupon and is repayable prior to the Maturity Date is not paid when due, the amount due 
and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be, unless otherwise provided in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the 
Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 
6(d)(i)). 
(g) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for 
redemption unless (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the 
case of Materialised Notes, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or 
refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) 
at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 5(a)(vii)). 
(h) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Redemption Amounts, Rate 
Multipliers and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin or Rate Multiplier is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either 
(x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an 
adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates 
of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated 
in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the 
absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin or multiplying by such Rate 
Multiplier, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption 
Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be, 
subject always to subparagraph (iv) below. 
(iii) 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iv) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred- thousandth of a percentage 
point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven

--- Page 59 ---
52 
14961810.13 
 
 
significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts 
that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency 
(with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded 
down to the nearest yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency. 
(v) 
The Minimum Rate of Interest shall in no circumstance be less than zero. 
(i) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall 
be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding 
nominal amount of such Note by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount (or a 
formula for its calculation) is specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount 
of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount 
(or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises 
two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such 
Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of 
those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(j) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts 
and Make-whole Redemption Amounts: As soon as practicable after the relevant time 
on such date as the Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination 
or calculation, it shall determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect 
of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Make-whole Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make 
such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and 
the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, 
if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount or any Make-whole Redemption Amount to be notified to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation 
Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt 
of such information and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and 
the rules of such Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market as soon as possible 
after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such 
Regulated Market of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the 
fourth (4th) Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or 
Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest 
Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate 
or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or 
calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) or the Make-whole Calculation Agent shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(k) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks: The Issuer shall use its best efforts to procure 
that there shall at all times be four Reference Banks (or such other number as may be 
required by the Conditions) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and one or more 
Calculation Agents and a Make-whole Calculation Agent if provision is made for them in 
the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined above in 
the Agency Agreement). If any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is 
unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer shall appoint 
another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in 
its place. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. Without 
prejudice and subject to the provisions of Condition 5(c)(ii)(B)(d), if the Calculation 
Agent or the Make-whole Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent or Make-whole Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of

--- Page 60 ---
53 
14961810.13 
 
 
Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount or Make-whole Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any 
other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm 
engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter 
index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination 
to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal office or any other office 
actively involved in such market) or the Make-whole Calculation Agent to act as such in 
its place. The Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation Agent may not resign its 
duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of that Regulated Market so 
require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent or Make- whole Calculation Agent 
shall be given in accordance with Condition 14. 
(l) 
CNY Notes: Notwithstanding the foregoing, each CNY Note which is a Fixed Rate Note 
bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
equal to the Rate of Interest. For the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month in which case it shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on 
each Interest Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. The determination of the amount of interest 
payable per Specified Denomination by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of 
manifest error and after confirmation by the Issuer) be final and binding upon all parties. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to each of the Paying Agents and to be notified to Noteholders as soon as possible 
after their determination but in no event later than the fourth (4th) Business Day thereafter. 
The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination and Interest Payment Date so 
published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made 
by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9 the accrued 
interest per Specified Denomination shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision but no publication 
of the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination so calculated need be made. 
Unless otherwise agreed in the relevant Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect 
of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified Denomination, multiplying 
such product by the actual number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period or, as 
applicable, other period concerned and dividing it by three hundred and sixty-five (365), 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Renminbi sub-unit, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
6. 
REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND OPTIONS 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided 
below, each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided in the 
Final Terms, is its nominal amount). 
(b) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(i) 
Call Option and partial redemption: If a Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more 
than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 
to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), redeem in relation to all, or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on 
any Optional Redemption Date or Option Exercise Date, as the case may be. Any 
such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together

--- Page 61 ---
54 
14961810.13 
 
 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if any. Any such 
redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to 
the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the 
Call Option shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance 
with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of a Call Option in respect 
of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such Materialised Notes shall also 
contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes to be redeemed 
or in respect of which such Call Option has been exercised, which shall have been 
drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the 
circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated Market requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption of or a partial exercise of a Call Option in 
respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may be effected, at the option of 
the Issuer, by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a 
Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed, subject to 
compliance with any other applicable laws and Regulated Market requirements. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules of 
Euronext Paris so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has 
been a partial redemption of the Notes, give notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 the aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes a list of any Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes pursuant to Condition 6(b)(ii), the 
relevant provisions of this Condition 6(b)(i) shall apply mutatis mutandis. 
(ii) 
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer: 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given: 
(A) 
not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14; and 
(B) 
not less than fifteen (15) calendar days before the giving of the notice 
referred to in paragraph (A) above, notice to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Make-whole Calculation Agent and such other 
parties as may be specified in the Final Terms, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption 
(each such date, a "Make-whole Redemption Date")) redeem the Notes, in 
whole or in part then outstanding at any time or from time to time prior to their 
Maturity Date at their relevant Make-whole Redemption Amount. 
For the purposes of this Condition, unless the context otherwise requires, the 
following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
"Make-whole Calculation Agent" means the international credit institution or 
financial services institution appointed by the Issuer in relation to a Series of 
Notes, as specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Make-whole Redemption Amount" means,

--- Page 62 ---
55 
14961810.13 
 
 
- 
in respect of any Notes (that are not subject to the Step Up Option) to be 
redeemed pursuant to Condition 6(b)(ii), an amount calculated by the 
Make- whole Calculation Agent and equal to the greater of (x) 100 per cent. 
of the principal amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the sum of the 
then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest on such Notes (excluding any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date) discounted to the 
relevant Make- whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Make-
whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-whole Redemption Margin, plus in 
each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-
whole Redemption Date. If the Residual Maturity Call Option is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, and if the Issuer decides to 
redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer 
before the date specified in the relevant Final Terms as the date from which 
the Residual Maturity Call Option may be exercised, the Make-whole 
Redemption Amount will be calculated taking into account the date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the date from which the Residual 
Maturity Call Option may be exercised and not the Maturity Date. 
- 
in respect of any Notes that are subject to the Step Up Option to be 
redeemed pursuant to Condition 6(b)(ii), an amount calculated by the 
Make- whole Calculation Agent and equal to the greater of (x) 100 per cent. 
of the principal amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the sum of the 
then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest on such Notes (calculated at the Initial Rate of Interest until the 
Interest Period immediately following the Step Up Date, at which point the 
Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be the Subsequent Rate of Interest unless 
the applicable SPT has been satisfied and the Issuer has provided the SPT 
Notice described in Condition 5(e) within the deadline provided therein 
confirming the satisfaction of the relevant SPT) discounted to the relevant 
Make-whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Make-whole 
Redemption Rate plus a Make-whole Redemption Margin, plus in each 
case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole 
Redemption Date. If the Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, and if the Issuer decides to redeem 
the Notes pursuant to the Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer before the 
date specified in the relevant Final Terms as the date from which the 
Residual Maturity Call Option may be exercised, the Make-whole 
Redemption Amount will be calculated taking into account the date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the date from which the Residual 
Maturity Call Option may be exercised and not the Maturity Date. 
"Make-whole Redemption Margin" means the margin specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Make-whole Redemption Rate" means (i) the average of the four (4) quotations 
given by the Reference Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the 
Reference Security on the fourth (4th) Business Day preceding the Make-whole 
Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European Time ("CET")) ("Reference 
Dealer Quotation") or (ii) the Reference Screen Rate, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four banks selected by the Issuer which 
are primary European government security dealers, and their respective 
successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues, or such other banks 
or method of selection of such banks as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Screen Rate" means the screen rate specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 63 ---
56 
14961810.13 
 
 
"Reference Security" means the security specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be 
chosen by the Issuer (acting in consultation with the Reference Dealers) at 11:00 
a.m. (CET) on the third (3rd) Business Day preceding the Make-whole 
Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Issuer to the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent and published in accordance with Condition 14. 
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same 
issuer as the Reference Security having an actual or interpolated maturity 
comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would be published, at the 
time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining 
term of the Notes. 
“Subsequent Rate of Interest” means the Rate of Interest applicable from and 
including the first day of the Interest Period following the Step Up Date.  
The Make-whole Redemption Rate will be published by the Issuer in accordance 
with Condition 14. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the 
making of each determination or calculation by the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes pursuant to this Condition 6(b)(ii), 
the relevant provisions of Condition 6(b)(i) shall apply mutatis mutandis. 
(iii) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) 
nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with 
Condition 14 to the Noteholders redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at par 
together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, 
which shall be no earlier than three (3) months before the Maturity Date. 
(iv) 
Clean-Up Call Option: If a Clean-Up Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and if eighty (80) per cent. of the initial aggregate nominal amount 
of Notes of the same Series have been redeemed or purchased and, in each case, 
cancelled, other than by way of a redemption at the option of the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 6(b)(ii), the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen 
(15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with 
Condition 14 to the Noteholders redeem on a date to be specified in such notice 
the remaining Notes, in whole but not in part, at par together with interest accrued 
to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders and exercise of Noteholders' options: 
(i) 
If a put option (the "Put Option") is specified in the relevant Final Terms the 
Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not less 
than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Issuer (or 
such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem 
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with the Put Agent at its 
specified office during usual business hours a duly completed option exercise 
notice (the "Exercise Notice") in the form obtained during usual business hours 
from the Put Agent or the Registration Agent, as the case may be, within the notice 
period. Such notice shall, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, have attached 
to it such Note (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons). 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be

--- Page 64 ---
57 
14961810.13 
 
 
transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the 
Principal Paying Agent specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised 
and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred may be withdrawn 
(except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the 
Issuer. 
(ii) 
If at any time while any Note remains outstanding (i) a Change of Control occurs 
and (ii) within the Change of Control Period (A) (if at the time that the Change of 
Control occurs the Notes are rated with the agreement of the Issuer) a Rating 
Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs and has not been cured 
prior to the expiry of the Change of Control Period, or (B) (if at such time the 
Notes are not rated) a Negative Rating Event in respect of that Change of Control 
occurs (either case, a "Put Event"), the holder of each Note will have the option 
(the "Change of Control Put Option") (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event 
Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes under 
Condition 6) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or 
procure the purchase of) that Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) (as 
defined below) at its principal amount together with (or, where purchased, 
together with an amount equal to) accrued interest to but excluding the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put). 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (whether 
or not approved by the Board of Directors of the Issuer) that any person or persons 
acting in concert or any person or persons acting on behalf of any such person(s), 
at any time directly or indirectly owns or acquires, (A) more than fifty (50) per 
cent. of the issued ordinary share capital of the Issuer or (B) such number of the 
shares in the capital of the Issuer carrying more than fifty (50) per cent. of the 
voting rights normally exercisable at a general meeting of the Issuer. 
"Acting in concert" has the meaning given in Article L. 233-10 of the French 
Code de commerce. 
"Change of Control Period" means the period commencing on the date of the 
first public announcement of the result (avis de résultat) by the Autorité des 
marchés financiers of the relevant Change of Control, and ending on the date 
which is sixty (60) calendar days after the date of such public announcement. 
"Investment Grade Rating" means a rating of Baa3 by Moody's or its equivalent 
for the time being, or better. 
A "Negative Rating Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) the Issuer does 
not on or before the forty-fifth (45th) Business Day after the relevant Change of 
Control seek, and thereafter use all reasonable endeavours to obtain from a Rating 
Agency, a rating or (ii) if it does so seek and use such endeavours, it has not at 
the expiry of the Change of Control Period and as a result of such Change of 
Control obtained an Investment Grade Rating, provided that the Rating Agency 
publicly announces or publicly confirms or having been so requested by the Issuer 
informs the Issuer or the Paying Agent in writing that its declining to assign an 
Investment Grade Rating was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or 
circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable 
Change of Control. 
"Rating Agency" means Moody's Investors Service ("Moody's"), Inc. or any other 
rating agency of equivalent international standing requested from time to time by 
the Issuer to grant a rating, and, in each case, their respective successors or 
affiliates. 
A "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change 
of Control if within the Change of Control Period (A) the rating previously 
solicited by the Issuer and assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency is (x) 
voluntarily withdrawn or (y) changed from an Investment Grade Rating to a non

--- Page 65 ---
58 
14961810.13 
 
 
Investment Grade Rating (Ba1 by Moody's, or its equivalents for the time being, 
or worse) or (z) (if the solicited rating previously assigned to the Notes by any 
Rating Agency of the Issuer was below an Investment Grade Rating) lowered by 
one full rating notch (for example, from Ba1 to Ba2 by Moody's or such similar 
lower or equivalent rating) and (B) such rating is not within the Change of Control 
Period subsequently upgraded (in the case of a downgrade) or reinstated (in the 
case of a withdrawal) either to an Investment Grade Rating (in the case of (x) and 
(y)) or to its earlier credit rating or better (in the case of (z)) by such Rating 
Agency; provided however that (i) a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by 
virtue of a particular change in rating shall be deemed not to have occurred in 
respect of a particular Change of Control if the Rating Agency making the change 
in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply does not publicly 
announce or publicly confirm or having been so requested by the Issuer does not 
inform the Issuer or the Paying Agent in writing that the reduction or withdrawal 
was effected because of the result, in whole or in part, of any event or 
circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable 
Change of Control and (ii) any Rating Downgrade has to be confirmed in a letter 
sent to the Issuer and publicly disclosed. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the 
Issuer or the Put Agent on its behalf shall give notice (a "Put Event Notice") to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 specifying the nature of the Put 
Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the 
Change of Control Put Option. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option to require redemption or, as the 
case may be, purchase of a Note under this Condition 6(c), the holder of that Note 
must, on any Business Day (as defined in Condition 5(a)) in the city of the 
specified office of the Put Agent falling within the period (the "Put Period") of 
forty-five (45) calendar days after a Put Event Notice is given, (i) deliver at the 
specified office of the Put Agent, a duly signed and completed notice of exercise 
in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of the 
Put Agent (a "Put Option Notice") and in which the holder shall specify a bank 
account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 6(c) and (ii) transfer 
(or procure the transfer of) the Note to the securities account of the Paying Agent 
specified by the Issuer in the Put Event Notice for the account of the Issuer. 
The Issuer shall redeem or at the option of the Issuer purchase (or procure the 
purchase of) the Notes in respect of which the Change of Control Put Option has 
been validly exercised as provided above, and subject to the transfer of such Notes 
to the account of the Paying Agent for the account of the Issuer as provided above, 
on the date which is the fourteenth (14th) calendar day after the last calendar day 
of the Put Period (an "Optional Redemption Date (Put)"), unless previously 
redeemed and purchased. Payment in respect of any Note so transferred will be 
made on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) by transfer to the bank account 
specified in the Put Option Notice by the Noteholder. A Put Option Notice once 
given shall be irrevocable. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no responsibility for any cost or 
loss of whatever kind (including breakage costs) which the Noteholder may incur 
as a result of or in connection with such Noteholder's exercise or purported 
exercise of, or otherwise in connection with, any Change of Control Put Option 
(whether as a result of any purchase or redemption arising there from or 
otherwise), unless such cost or loss is attributable to a breach by the Issuer and/or 
the Put Agent of its obligations in connection with any Change of Control Put 
Option.

--- Page 66 ---
59 
14961810.13 
 
 
(d) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(e) or 
Condition 6(h) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount (calculated as 
provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised 
Nominal Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a 
rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such 
rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue 
price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the 
Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note 
upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 6(e) or Condition 6(h) or upon 
it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when 
due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such Note as defined in 
sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have 
effect as though the date on which the Amortised Nominal Amount 
becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the 
Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall 
continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant 
Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in 
which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with 
any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(d). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) 
year, it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(e) 
or Condition 6(h), or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 
9 shall be the Final Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application 
or interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer 
would on the occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect 
of the Notes, not be able to make such payment without having to pay additional 
amounts as specified under Condition 8(b) below, the Issuer may, at its option, 
on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time 
(if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), subject to having given not more than 
sixty (60) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount provided that the due 
date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier 
than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of

--- Page 67 ---
60 
14961810.13 
 
 
principal and interest without withholding for French taxes or, if such date is past, 
as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the 
Notes be prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, 
if applicable, Couponholders of the full amounts then due and payable, 
notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in 
Condition 8(b) below, then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to 
the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less than seven (7) calendar 
days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, 
but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at their Redemption Amount 
together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption on (A) the latest 
practicable Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) on which 
the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect 
of the Notes, provided that if such notice would expire after such Interest Payment 
Date the date for redemption pursuant to such notice of Noteholders shall be the 
later of (i) the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of 
the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes and (ii) fourteen (14) 
calendar days after giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) at any 
time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), provided that the due date for 
redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given shall be the latest practicable 
date at which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount payable in respect 
of the Notes, or, if applicable, Coupons or, if that date is passed, as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
(f) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, 
in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or 
otherwise at any price, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Notes so 
purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with Article L. 213-0-1 of 
the Code, for the purpose of enhancing the liquidity of the Notes, or cancelled in 
accordance with Condition 6(g), provided that the Issuer will not be entitled to hold the 
Notes for a period exceeding one (1) year from their purchase date, in accordance with 
Article D.213-0-1 of the Code. 
(g) 
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed or purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may, at its 
sole option, be held or cancelled in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Notes 
will be cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of 
Materialised Bearer Notes, by surrendering the Temporary Global Certificate and the 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes in question together with all unmatured Coupons 
and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or 
surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith 
(together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of 
interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or 
surrendered for cancellation may not be re-issued or resold and the obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. To the extent that the Notes are 
listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, the Issuer will inform Euronext about 
such cancellation. 
(h) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official 
application or interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it would 
become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with one or more of its obligations 
under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not more than sixty (60) nor less 
than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption.

--- Page 68 ---
61 
14961810.13 
 
 
7. 
PAYMENTS AND TALONS 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised 
Notes shall (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or 
administered registered form) be made by transfer to the account denominated in the 
relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and, 
(in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form), to an account denominated 
in the relevant currency with a Bank designated by the Noteholders. All payments validly 
made to such Account Holders will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of 
such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised 
Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and 
surrender during usual business hours of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes (in the 
case of all payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 
7(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)), as the 
case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a 
cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by 
transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. "Bank" means a bank 
in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of Euro, in a city in which 
banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised 
Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made 
at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as 
aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside 
the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able 
to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, 
(ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded 
by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts 
and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable 
fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be charged 
to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Put Agent initially appointed by 
the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed at the end of this Base Prospectus. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent, 
the Put Agent and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent expert(s) and, in each such case, do not assume 
any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, 
any other Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent, the Put 
Agent and the Registration Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or 
other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, 
(ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a 
Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) 
Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities (including 
Paris so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and in such other city 
so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market), (v) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, a Registration Agent, and (vii) such 
other agents as may be required by the rules of, or applicable to, any other Regulated 
Market on which the Notes may be admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect 
of any Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances 
described in paragraph (c) above.

--- Page 69 ---
62 
14961810.13 
 
 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to 
consolidating such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with 
Condition 13, the Issuer shall ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both 
Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of both such Notes and such 
other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Unless Materialised Bearer Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Bearer Notes 
should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) 
relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of 
principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final 
Redemption Amount, Amortised Nominal Amount, Early Redemption Amount 
or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any 
amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of ten (10) years from the 
Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has 
become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(ii) 
If Materialised Bearer Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any 
such Materialised Bearer Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in 
respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured 
Coupons are to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is 
presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer 
Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, 
redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the 
Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date 
for payment of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment 
of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be 
payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest accrued on a Materialised Bearer 
Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer 
Notes. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a 
Coupon sheet issued in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part 
of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in 
exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon 
sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a 
business day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this 
paragraph, "business day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in

--- Page 70 ---
63 
14961810.13 
 
 
the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open 
for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as 
"Financial Centres" in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) (in the case of a payment in 
a currency other than Euro), where payment is to be made by transfer to an account 
maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions 
may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country 
of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a payment in Euro), which is a TARGET Business 
Day. 
(i) 
Alternative Payment in U.S. Dollar: Notwithstanding any other provision in these 
Conditions, if an Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity (each as defined below) 
occurs, or if Renminbi is otherwise not available to the Issuer as a result of circumstances 
beyond its control and such unavailability has been confirmed by a Renminbi Dealer, 
following which the Issuer is unable to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole 
or in part) in respect of Renminbi Notes, the Issuer on giving not less than five (5) nor 
more than thirty (30) calendar days irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 
"Notices" to the Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, shall be entitled to satisfy 
its obligations in respect of any such payment by making any such payment (in whole or 
in part) in U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi 
denominated amount. 
In such event, payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest 
in respect of the Notes shall be made by transfer to the U.S. dollar account of the relevant 
Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, any 
payment made under such circumstances of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent will constitute 
valid payment, and will not constitute a default in respect of the Notes within the meaning 
of Condition 9. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7(i) by the 
Renminbi Rate Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Paying Agents and all Noteholders. 
These provisions may be amended or supplemented in the relevant Final Terms. For the 
purpose of this Condition 7(i): 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or 
any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets 
(including the central bank) of Hong Kong. 
"Illiquidity" means that the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes 
illiquid, other than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non- transferability, as 
determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following 
consultation with two Renminbi Dealers. 
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the 
Issuer to convert any amount due in respect of the Renminbi Notes in the general Renminbi 
exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the 
failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted on or after the 
issue date of such Renminbi Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event 
beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the 
Issuer to deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside 
Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due 
solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by 
any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted on or after the

--- Page 71 ---
64 
14961810.13 
 
 
issue date of the relevant Renminbi Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an 
event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"Renminbi Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute 
active in the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong reasonably selected by the Issuer. 
"Renminbi Rate Calculation Agent" means the agent appointed from time to time by the 
Issuer for the determination of the Renminbi Spot Rate or identified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Renminbi Rate Calculation Business Days" means a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange) in Hong Kong and in New York City. 
"Renminbi Rate Calculation Date" means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation 
Business Days before the due date for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount under 
the Conditions. 
"Renminbi Spot Rate" for a Renminbi Rate Calculation Date means the spot U.S. 
dollar/CNY exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with CNY in the over-the- 
counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement on the relevant due date 
for payment, as determined by the Renminbi Rate Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 
a.m. (Hong Kong time) on such Renminbi Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis 
by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-
deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is 
available, the Renminbi Rate Calculation Agent will determine the Renminbi Spot Rate at 
or around 11:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Renminbi Rate Calculation Date as the 
most recently available U.S. dollar/CNY official fixing rate for settlement on the relevant 
due date for payment reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the 
PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on 
the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money 
Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for 
the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate. 
"U.S. Dollar Equivalent" means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into US dollars 
using the Renminbi Spot Rate for the relevant Renminbi Rate Calculation Date, as 
calculated by the Renminbi Rate Calculation Agent. 
8. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Tax exemption for Notes: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or 
on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France, any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax or any other governmental authority, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts: If French law should require that payments of principal or interest 
in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any 
present or future taxes duties, assessments or governmental charges whatsoever, the Issuer 
will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result 
in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may be, of 
such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any 
Note or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or a 
Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his 
having some connection with France other than the mere holding of the Note or 
Coupon; or

--- Page 72 ---
65 
14961810.13 
 
 
(ii) 
Presentation more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date: in 
the case of Materialised Notes, more than thirty (30) calendar days after the 
Relevant Date except to the extent that the Noteholder or the Couponholder, as 
the case may be, would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
presenting it for payment on or before the thirtieth (30th) such calendar day of 
such time period; or 
(iii) 
Payment by another paying agent: in the case of Materialised Notes, presented 
for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would be able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note or Coupon to another 
paying agent in a Member State of the European Union; or 
(iv) 
Excess interest paid to a shareholder of the Issuer: to, or to a third party on 
behalf of, a Noteholder or, if applicable or a Couponholder, as the case may be, 
who is liable to such taxes in respect of such Notes or Coupon solely by reason 
of (x) his being a shareholder of the Issuer and (y) the payment of interest being 
made to him at a rate in excess of the limit set forth in the French Code Général 
des Impôts (Article 39, 1, 3°) for the deduction of interest paid to shareholders of 
a borrowing company; or 
(v) 
Non-cooperative State or territory: when such withholding or deduction is 
required to be made by reason of that interest or Coupon being (x) paid to an 
account held in, or (y) paid or accrued to a person established or domiciled in, a 
non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non coopératif) as defined in 
Article 238-0 A of the French Code Général des Impôts (other than those 
mentioned in Article 238-0 A 2 bis 2° of the same code) for the purposes of 
Articles 125 A III, and 119 bis 2 of the same code, and as defined in Article 238-
0 A of the French Code Général des Impôts for the purposes of article 238 A of 
the same code. 
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Note or Coupon 
means the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any 
amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on 
which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or, in the case of 
Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date seven (7) calendar days after that on which 
notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note 
or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be 
made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References 
in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal 
Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
Condition 6 or any amendment or addition to it, (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to 
include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 
5 or any amendment or addition to it and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" shall 
be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this 
Condition. 
(c) 
FATCA Withholding: The Issuer shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts 
required by the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, Sections 1471 
through 1474, pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement, or implementing legislation 
adopted by another jurisdiction in connection with those provisions, or pursuant to any 
agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA withholding") as a result of 
the Noteholder, beneficial owner or an intermediary (that is not an agent of the Issuer) not 
being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. The Issuer shall not be 
liable for, or otherwise obliged to pay, any FATCA withholding deducted or withheld by 
the Issuer, any paying agent or any other party.

--- Page 73 ---
66 
14961810.13 
 
 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
The Representative (as defined in Condition 11), upon request of any Noteholder, unless such 
request is manifestly ill founded, or, if and so long as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder and 
unless a Representative has been appointed, such Noteholder, may, upon written notice to the 
Issuer and the Fiscal Agent after the application of the relevant grace period, if any, and before all 
defaults shall have been remedied, cause all the Notes held by such Noteholder to become 
immediately due and payable, whereupon the Notes shall become immediately due and payable at 
their principal amount, plus accrued interest, without any other formality, if any of the following 
events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur: 
(a) 
the Issuer is in default for a period of more than fifteen (15) calendar days for the payment 
of principal or interest on any Note (including the payment of any additional amounts in 
accordance with Condition 8), when the same shall become due and payable; or 
(b) 
the Issuer is in default in the performance of, or compliance with, any of its other 
obligations under the Notes and such default has not been cured within thirty (30) calendar 
days after the receipt by the Fiscal Agent of the written notice of such default by the 
Representative; or 
(c) 
any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer for money borrowed or raised in 
excess of Euro 200,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), whether individually 
or in the aggregate, becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity as a result of a 
default thereunder, or any such indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may be, 
within any originally applicable grace period therefor or any steps are taken to enforce any 
security in respect of any such indebtedness or any guarantee or indemnity in excess of 
such aforesaid amount given by the Issuer for, or in respect of, any such indebtedness of 
others are not honoured when due and called upon (subject to any originally applicable 
grace period) unless the Issuer challenges in good faith the default under such 
indebtedness or the validity of the enforcement of any such guarantee or indemnity before 
a court of competent jurisdiction, in which case none of the foregoing events will 
constitute an Event of Default until a final judgement has been rendered by such relevant 
court; or 
(d) 
the Issuer sells or otherwise disposes of all or substantially all of its assets or ceases to 
carry on the whole or substantially the whole of its business or an order is made or an 
effective resolution passed for its winding-up, dissolution or liquidation, unless such 
disposal, winding up, dissolution, liquidation or cessation is made or takes place in 
connection with a merger, consolidation, reconstruction, amalgamation or other form of 
combination with or to any other corporation and the liabilities under the Notes are 
transferred to and assumed by such other corporation and provided that the long-term 
credit rating assigned by any Rating Agency to such other corporation immediately 
following such merger, consolidation, reconstruction, amalgamation or other form of 
combination is not less than the long-term credit rating assigned by such agency to the 
Issuer immediately prior to such merger, consolidation, reconstruction, amalgamation or 
other form of combination; or 
(e) 
(A) the Issuer (i) makes any proposal for a general moratorium in relation to its debts or 
(ii) a corporate protection procedure (procédure de sauvegarde, procédure de sauvegarde 
accélérée ou procédure de sauvegarde financière accélérée) or (B) a judgment is issued 
for (i) the judicial reorganization (redressement judiciaire) of the Issuer or (ii) the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or for a transfer of the whole of the 
business (cession totale de l'entreprise) of the Issuer in the context of insolvency or 
bankruptcy proceedings or the Issuer is subject to any other insolvency or bankruptcy 
proceedings. 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years

--- Page 74 ---
67 
14961810.13 
 
 
(in the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant 
Date in respect of them. 
11. 
REPRESENTATION OF NOTEHOLDERS 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically 
for the defence of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the 
provisions of articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce as amended by this 
Condition 11. 
The Masse alone, as an entity and to the exclusion of each individual Noteholder, shall exercise 
the common rights, actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes. This shall not 
prejudice the rights that Noteholders may exercise individually in accordance with, and subject to 
any other provisions of the Terms and Conditions. 
(a) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the 
"Collective Decisions"). 
(b) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any), will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of 
any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent 
Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions 
or duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in 
relation to any subsequent Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of 
the Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another 
Representative may be appointed. Collective Decisions in relation to the appointment or 
replacement of the Representative shall be published in accordance with paragraph 11(j). 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of 
the Representative and the alternate Representative (if any) at the head office of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any decision to the contrary of the General 
Meeting) have the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the 
common interests of the Noteholders. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them must be brought by or 
against the Representative. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meetings"), 
or (ii) by unanimous consent of the Noteholders following a written consultation (the 
"Written Unanimous Decisions"), or (iii) by the consent of one or more Noteholders 
holding together at least 70 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, 
following a written consultation (the "Written Majority Decisions", and together with 
the Written Unanimous Decisions, the "Written Decisions"). 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the 
books of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case

--- Page 75 ---
68 
14961810.13 
 
 
may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business 
day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with paragraph 11(j). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, 
upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(e) 
General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. 
One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal 
amount of Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand 
for a General Meeting to be called. If such General Meeting has not been called within 
two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of them to 
petition the competent court to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General 
Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders 
present or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of 
the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the 
Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in 
accordance with paragraph 11(j) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date 
of the General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior 
to the date of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or 
by correspondence. 
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of 
the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be 
presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the 
relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified 
in the notice of the General Meeting, during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding 
the holding of the General Meeting on first convocation, or during the five (5) calendar 
day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a 
representative at the start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or 
represented at the General Meeting, the Issuer may, notwithstanding the provisions of 
Article L.228-64 of the French Code de commerce, designate a provisional chairman until 
a new Representative has been appointed. 
(f) 
Written Decisions 
At the initiative of the Issuer, Collective Decisions may also be taken by Written 
Unanimous Decisions or Written Majority Decisions. 
(i) 
Written Unanimous Decision 
Written Unanimous Decisions shall be signed by or on behalf of all the 
Noteholders without having to comply with formalities and time limits referred 
to in paragraph 11(e). Approval of a Written Unanimous Decision may also be 
given by way of electronic communication allowing the identification of 
Noteholders in accordance with Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de 
commerce ("Electronic Consent"). Any such decision shall, for all purposes, 
have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such 
Noteholders. Such Written Unanimous Decision may be contained in one 
document, or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of

--- Page 76 ---
69 
14961810.13 
 
 
one or more of such Noteholders, and shall be published in accordance with 
paragraph 11(j). 
(ii) 
Written Majority Decision 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Decision, which shall include 
the text of the proposed resolutions together with any report thereon, will be 
published as provided under paragraph 11(j) no less than fifteen (15) calendar 
days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written Majority Decision (the 
"Written Majority Decision Date"). Notices seeking the approval of a Written 
Majority Decision will contain the conditions of form and time limits to be 
complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection 
of such proposed Written Majority Decision. Noteholders expressing their 
approval or rejection before the Written Majority Decision Date will undertake 
not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Majority Decision Date. 
Written Majority Decisions shall be signed by one or more Noteholders holding 
together at least 70 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
Approval of a Written Majority Decision may also be given by Electronic 
Consent. Any Written Majority Decision shall, for all purposes, have the same 
effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of the Noteholders. Such 
Written Majority Decisions may be contained in one document, or in several 
documents in like form each signed by or on one behalf of one or more of the 
Noteholders, and shall be published in accordance with paragraph 11(j). 
(g) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all 
expenses relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, 
all administrative expenses resolved upon by Collective Decisions, it being expressly 
stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(h) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series 
which have been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance 
with Condition 13, shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped 
in a single Masse. 
(i) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall 
exercise all powers and rights and perform all the obligations entrusted to the Masse by 
the provisions of the French Code de commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register of the 
decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(j) 
Notices for the purpose of this Condition 11 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be 
published on the website of Valeo (www.valeo.com) and, 
(i) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif), mailed to 
them at their respective addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have 
been given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) after the mailing; or 
(ii) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur), given by delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other 
clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared.

--- Page 77 ---
70 
14961810.13 
 
 
Any decision to proceed with a modification of the purpose or of the form of the Issuer or 
with an issuance of secured bonds (obligations assorties d'une sûreté réelle), 
notwithstanding the failure to obtain Noteholders' approval, as contemplated by Article 
L.228-72 of the French Code de commerce, will be notified to Noteholders in accordance 
with this paragraph 11(j). Any Noteholder will then have the right to request redemption 
of its Notes at par within three (3) months of the date of notification, in which case the 
Issuer shall redeem such Noteholder within thirty (30) days of the Noteholder's request for 
redemption. 
If a merger or a spin-off is contemplated by the Issuer, the Issuer will have the option to 
submit the proposal for approval by a Collective Decision of the Masse or to offer 
redemption at par to Noteholders pursuant to Article L. 228-73 of the French Code de 
commerce. Such redemption offer shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with this 
paragraph 11(j). If the Masse does not approve the merger or spin-off proposal, any 
decision to proceed with the merger or spin-off will be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with this paragraph 11(j). 
In this Condition 11, the expression "outstanding" does not include the Notes subscribed or 
purchased by the Issuer in accordance with Article L.213-0-1 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier which are held by the Issuer and not cancelled. 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF DEFINITIVE NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or 
Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, 
regulations and Regulated Market regulations on which the Notes are listed, at the specified office 
of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the 
Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on 
payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms 
as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may 
provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange 
for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer 
in respect of such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and 
otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
FURTHER ISSUES AND CONSOLIDATION 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders 
or Couponholders create and issue further notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a 
single series with the Notes provided such Notes and the further notes carry rights identical 
in all respects (or in all respects save for the principal amount thereof and the first payment 
of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such further notes 
provide for such assimilation and references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination and 
Consolidation Agents, from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or 
after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty (30) calendar days' prior 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes of one 
or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European 
national currencies or in Euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated in 
Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all 
periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes.

--- Page 78 ---
71 
14961810.13 
 
 
14. 
NOTICES 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 14(d), notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered 
form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective 
addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) 
weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at the 
option of the Issuer, they are published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation 
in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times); provided that, so long as such 
Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such 
Regulated Market so require, notices shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper with 
general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes is/are 
admitted to trading is located which, in the case of Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les 
Echos, and as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the 
case may be. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer 
form (au porteur) shall be valid if published in a daily leading newspaper of general 
circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and so long as such 
Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such 
Regulated Market so require, in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the 
city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes is/are admitted to trading is 
located which, in the case of Euronext Paris is expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise 
required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in 
another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe, 
provided that so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, 
notice shall be published as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated 
Market, as the case may be. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the 
date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date 
of the first publication as provided above. Holders of Coupons shall be deemed for all 
purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised 
Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered 
or in bearer form) (au nominatif ou au porteur) pursuant to these Conditions may be given 
by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any 
other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared in 
substitution for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 14 (a), (b) and (c) 
above; except that so long as such Notes are listed on any Regulated Market and the rules 
applicable to such Regulated Market so require, notices shall also be published in a daily 
newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market on which 
such Notes are admitted to trading is/are located which, in the case of Euronext Paris is 
expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that 
Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(e) 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 14 shall not apply to notices being given 
pursuant to Condition 11. 
15. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or 
Talons will be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts in Paris.

--- Page 79 ---
72 
14961810.13 
 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED 
BEARER NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the "Common Depositary"), Euroclear or Clearstream will 
credit the accounts of each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof 
for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with 
(if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with 
Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes 
that is initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the 
holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance 
with the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "General 
Description of the Programme – Selling Restrictions"), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form 
of which shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, 
the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes means, in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for 
which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all 
Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a 
Talon). Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable 
legal and Regulated Market requirements. Forms of such Definitive Bearer Materialised Notes shall be 
available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agent(s). 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the calendar day falling after the 
expiry of 40 (forty) calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised 
Notes are issued prior to such calendar day pursuant to Condition 13(a), the Exchange Date for such 
Temporary Global Certificate shall be postponed to the calendar day falling after the expiry of forty (40) 
calendar days after the issue of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 80 ---
73 
14961810.13 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be applied by the Issuer to:  
- 
finance its general corporate activities (including for the financing or the refinancing of its current 
indebtedness);  
- 
finance or refinance any Green Eligible Projects, as defined in the Green Financing Framework 
within the Issuer’s green and sustainability-linked financing framework (as may be amended 
and/or supplemented from time to time, the "Framework"), which is available on the Issuer’s 
website (https://www.valeo.com/en/bond-investors/); or  
- 
finance any other particular identified use of proceeds, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
The Framework further describes the above-mentioned Green Eligible Projects. The Issuer will apply 
processes for project evaluation and selection, management of proceeds and reporting consistent with 
guidelines set out in the Green Bond Principles and the Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles published 
by the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA), as they may be further updated.  
With respect to Green Eligible Projects, the Issuer will provide an investor report on an annual basis until 
proceeds are fully allocated. In accordance with the Famework, such report will include: 
- 
The aggregate amount of allocation of the net proceeds to the Eligible Green Projects at the 
category level; 
- 
The proportion of net proceeds used for financing vs. refinancing; and 
- 
The balance of any unallocated proceeds invested as per the Issuer’s liquidity management policy, 
including in cash or cash equivalents, or in other liquid marketable instruments. 
- 
The environmental impact report to support the allocation report described above and information 
on the methodology and assumptions used to evaluate the eligible projects impacts. 
Verification of the reporting will be conducted by the Issuer’s external auditor and made publicly available 
on the Issuer’s website (https://www.valeo.com/en/bond-investors/). The external auditor will verify that 
the proceeds of the Green Bonds are allocated to Green Eligible Projects. 
With respect to Sustainability Linked Notes, the Issuer will disclose the performance of the selected KPI(s) 
on an annual basis within the sustainability report included in the Issuer’s universal registration document, 
which will be made available by the end of April of each calendar year and will include information on 
potential drivers of the KPI outcomes. Further, the Issuer will report on the performance of each KPI as it 
relates to its associated predefined SPT at the Target Observation Date. Verification of the annual 
performance on the KPIs will be conducted to a reasonable assurance by the Issuer’s external auditor and 
will be made publicly available. The external auditor will provide a reasonable assurance on Valeo’s 
performance to the designated KPIs annually. This verification will be posted on the on the Issuer’s website 
(https://www.valeo.com/en/bond-investors/) by the end of April of each calendar year. 
The Framework describes, in addition to the eligibility criteria, the management of proceeds, the reporting 
and the external reviews (second party opinion and verification) applicable for the relevant Notes. It is also 
specified that the providers of such second party opinion and verification are and will be independent 
experts. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. As a result, neither the Issuer 
nor the Dealers will be, or shall be deemed, liable for any issue in connection with its content. 
The Issuer has appointed ISS ESG to provide a second party opinion (the " Second Party Opinion") on 
the Framework, assessing the sustainability quality of the Issuer and green and sustainability-linked 
financing framework. This Second Party Opinion is available on the 
Issuer’s website 
(https://www.valeo.com/en/bond-investors/).  
Any amendment to such Second Party Opinion, or any new second party opinion, to be provided following 
an amendment to the Framework, the publication of a new Framework or in application of any new 
legislation or regulation, will be made available on the Issuer's website.

--- Page 81 ---
74 
14961810.13 
 
 
Prior to any investment in Notes in which the net proceeds are to be used to finance investments in any 
Green Eligible Projects, as further specified in the applicable Final Terms, investors are advised to consult 
the Framework for further information.

--- Page 82 ---
75 
14961810.13 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF VALEO 
The description of the Issuer is set out in the "Documents Incorporated by Reference" section set forth 
above in this Base Prospectus and in the section below. 
Crossing of thresholds disclosure 
On 4 May 2021, Groupe Industriel Marcel Dassault S.A.S. notified the AMF that on 30 April 2021, it had 
exceeded the 5 % threshold of the share capital of the Issuer and held 12,227,876 shares, representing the 
same number of voting rights, i.e.,  5.06 % of the share capital and 4.94 % of the voting rights of the Issuer. 
 
The following recent developments have been published by the Issuer: 
 
Press release dated 26 May 2021 
Valeo's Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2021 
Valeo's Annual Shareholders' Meeting was held today behind closed doors (without any shareholders being 
physically present) at Valeo’s registered office under the chairmanship of Jacques Aschenbroich, Chairman 
and Chief Executive Officer. All the resolutions were adopted.  
The shareholders approved the 2020 financial statements published on February 18, 2021 as well as a 
dividend distribution of 0.30 euro per share. The ex-dividend date is set at May 28, 2021, and the record 
date at May 31, 2021. The dividend will be paid on June 1, 2021.  
The shareholders approved the appointment of Christophe Périllat as Director of Valeo for a period of four 
years. During the meeting of the Board of Directors held following the General Meeting, he was also 
appointed Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Valeo. These appointments are in line with the succession 
plan of Jacques Aschenbroich as detailed in the press release of October 27, 2020 and in Valeo's 2020 
Universal Registration Document. The succession plan provides that the separation of the roles of Chairman 
of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer will take place in January 2022, with Jacques 
Aschenbroich continuing to act as Chairman of the Board of Directors until the end of his current term of 
office as Director, i.e. until May 2023, and being succeeded by Christophe Périllat as Chief Executive 
Officer from January 2022.  
The shareholders also renewed the mandates of C. Maury Devine, Mari-Noëlle Jégo-Laveissière and 
Véronique Weill as Directors for a period of four years.  
The Shareholders' Meeting approved the compensation paid during, or awarded in respect of the financial 
year 2020 to the Directors and the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and the compensation policies 
which will apply to the Directors, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and the Deputy Chief 
Executive Officer in 2021, as well as to the Chief Executive Officer and to the Chairman of the Board of 
Directors in anticipation of the separation of these roles scheduled for January 2022.  
Shareholders also renewed the authorizations and financial delegations granted to the Board of Directors to 
carry out share buybacks and to issue shares and securities, and granted a new authorization to allot 
performance shares to employees and corporate officers. This authorization replaces the one given at the 
General Meeting of May 23, 2019. 
 
Press release dated 26 May 2021 
Governance evolution – appointment of Christophe Périllat as Deputy Chief Executive Officer 
The Board of Directors meeting held today has appointed Christophe Périllat Deputy Chief Executive 
Officer of Valeo as of this day.

--- Page 83 ---
76 
14961810.13 
 
 
Christophe Périllat was also appointed Director of Valeo by the General Meeting today. These 
appointments as Deputy Chief Executive Officer and as Director are in line with the succession plan of 
Jacques Aschenbroich as detailed in the press release of October 27, 2020 and in Valeo's 2020 Universal 
Registration Document. The succession plan provides that the separation of the roles of Chairman of the 
Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer will take place in January 2022, with Jacques Aschenbroich 
continuing to act as Chairman of the Board of Directors until the end of his current term of office as 
Director, i.e. until May 2023, and being succeeded by Christophe Périllat as Chief Executive Officer from 
January 2022. In this perspective, Christophe Périllat was appointed Associate Chief Executive Officer of 
Valeo on October 27, 2020.  
Biography of Christophe Périllat  
Having joined the Valeo Group in 2000, Christophe Périllat has held several management positions in a 
number of Group companies gradually increasing in size, until he became Chief Operating Officer in 2011 
and Associate Chief Executive Officer in October 2020. Previously, Christophe Périllat worked in the 
aeronautics industry with the equipment manufacturer Labinal, in supply chain, plant, project and 
subsidiary management positions in France and in the United States. He is a Director of ALD. Christophe 
Périllat graduated from École Polytechnique and École des Mines. He holds an Executive MBA from HEC. 
 
Press release dated 28 April 2021 
Press release – Q1 2021 Sales 
Total sales of 4,667 million euros for first-quarter 2021, up 8% on a like-for-like basis 
Strong outperformance (14 percentage points vs. first-quarter 2019 adjusted for the geographic 
mix) in all regions and in all businesses 
Confirmation of 2021 objectives 
– Outperformance of 14 percentage points adjusted for the geographic mix, compared to first-quarter 
2019(3)  
Destination region 
Outperf. 
vs. 
IHS/CPCA* 
Business Group 
Outperf. 
vs. 
IHS/CPCA* 
adjusted 
for geographic mix 
Europe 
+12 pts 
Comfort & Driving Assistance Systems** +21 pts 
Asia, Middle East & Oceania +12 pts 
Powertrain Systems 
+15 pts 
o/w China 
+26 pts 
Thermal Systems 
+7 pts 
North America 
+12 pts 
Visibility Systems 
+11 pts 
South America 
+26 pts 
* Based on IHS automotive production estimates released on April 16, 2021/CPCA estimates for data 
relating to China. 
** Excluding the TCM business. 
– Strong outperformance expected in the second quarter of 2021(4) compared to 2019 and 2020. 
– Valeo 
Siemens 
eAutomotive 
(VSeA) 
performance 
in 
line 
with 
objectives 
Sales up 93% on first-quarter 2020 
 
 
3 To provide readers with a better understanding of how Valeo’s business has performed, the Group has decided to present an analysis of 
its performance compared to 2019, the year before the crisis. 
4 Based on IHS automotive production estimates released on April 16, 2021/CPCA estimates for data relating to China.

--- Page 84 ---
77 
14961810.13 
 
 
Jacques Aschenbroich, Valeo’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, commented:  
"First of all, I would like to thank our teams for their commitment, which enabled us to fulfil all customer 
orders in a period marked by a shortage of electronic components. 
In the first quarter, Valeo delivered a very strong outperformance in all regions worldwide and in all 
businesses compared to 2019 (the year before the Covid-19 crisis). 
This outperformance will continue in the second quarter. It clearly shows that, despite the semiconductor 
supply crisis, Valeo has confirmed its potential to deliver solid, market-beating growth. This performance 
is testament to the Group's unique positioning in electrification and ADAS, with high value-added 
technologies that bring it commercial success and strengthen its growth potential. 
In this context, we confirm our objectives for 2021." 
To provide readers with a better understanding of how Valeo’s business has performed, the Group has 
decided to present an analysis of its performance compared to 2019, the year before the crisis. 
Change in sales  
Sales  
(in millions of euros) 
As a % of 
2021 sales 
2021 
vs. 2020 
 vs. 2019 
Q1 
Q1 
LFL* 
change 
Change 
 2019 
LFL* 
change 
Change 
Original equipment 
84 
% 3,937 
3,797 
+7 
% +3.7 
%  4,121 
-2 
% -4.5 
% 
Aftermarket 
11 
% 508 
491 
+8 
% +3.5 
%  501 
+6 
% +1.4 
% 
Miscellaneous 
5 
% 222 
200 
+15 
% +11.0 
%  219 
+4 
% +1.4 
% 
Total 
100 
% 4,667 
4,488 
+8 
% +4.0 
%  4,841 
-1 
% -3.6 
%
* Like-for-like(5). 
Consolidated sales advanced 8% on a like-for-like basis, compared to first-quarter 2020. Changes in 
exchange rates had a negative 3.5% impact during the period, primarily due to the appreciation of the euro 
against the US dollar, the Brazilian real and the Chinese yuan. Changes in Group structure had no impact 
on sales for the period. 
– original equipment sales grew by 7% on a like-for-like basis, powered by sales growth in Asia, 
particularly in China; 
– aftermarket sales increased by 8% on a like-for-like basis; 
– "miscellaneous" sales rose by 15% on a like-for-like basis, confirming the upturn in business and the 
forthcoming production launches.  
After the decline in activity due to the health crisis, the Group bounced back sharply, enabling it to achieve 
first-quarter 2021 sales close to levels seen in the first quarter of 2019, on a like-for-like basis, in a market 
still down by 12%. 
 
 
 
5 See financial glossary, page 7.

--- Page 85 ---
78 
14961810.13 
 
 
Change in original equipment sales by destination region 
Original 
equipment sales 
(in
millions
of
As a % of 
2021 sales 
2021 
 vs. 2020 
 vs. 2019 
Q1 
 Q1 
LFL* 
change 
Outperf. vs. 
IHS/CPCA** 
 Q1 
LFL* 
change 
Outperf. vs. 
IHS/CPCA** 
Europe & Africa 48 
%
1,896 
 1,893 
+1 
% +2 pts 
 2,029 
-7 
% +12 pts 
Asia, Middle East 
& Oceania
31 
%
1,236 
 1,017 
+24 
% -6 pts 
 1,200 
+5 
% +12 pts 
o/w China 
13 
% 
518 
 289 
+76 
% -10 pts 
 428 
+21 
% +26 pts 
o/w Japan 
7 
% 
294 
 324 
-4 
% 0 pts 
 331 
-9 
% +2 pts 
o/w South Korea 
8 
% 
303 
 290 
+7 
% -5 pts 
 321 
-1 
% +4 pts 
o/w India 
1 
% 
50 
 40 
+34 
% +11 pts 
 47 
+13 
% +16 pts 
North America 
19 
%
733 
 800 
-1 
% +3 pts 
 800 
-3 
% +12 pts 
South America 
2 
%
72 
 87 
+6 
% +2 pts 
 92 
+12 
% +26 pts 
TOTAL 
100 
%
3,937 
 3,797 
+7 
% -6 pts 
 4,121 
-2 
% +10 pts 
Total 
adjusted 
for 
geographic 
mix 
100 
%  3,937 
 3,797 
+7 
% 0 pts 
 4,121 
-2 
% +14 pts 
* Like-for-like(6). 
** Based on IHS automotive production estimates released on April 16, 2021/CPCA estimates for data 
relating to China. 
Compared to first-quarter 2020 
Like-for-like original equipment sales rose by 7%. 
The Group’s geographic mix had an adverse 6 percentage point impact on its performance. China, the main 
driver of growth during the first quarter of 2021, represented 13% of the Group's original equipment sales 
but accounted for 25% of global automotive production.  
After a strong outperformance for its original equipment sales during the first quarter of 2020 (16 
percentage points) – particularly in Europe and China – creating an unfavorable basis for comparison, the 
Group’s performance was in line with that of global automotive production (adjusted for the geographic 
mix). 
Compared to first-quarter 2019 
Original equipment sales were down 2% on a like-for-like basis, outperforming global automotive 
production by 10 percentage points (by 14 percentage points when adjusted for the geographic mix), 
reflecting the acceleration of Group sales in all production regions: 
– in Europe and Africa, original equipment sales fell by 7% on a like-for-like basis, outperforming 
automotive production by 12 percentage points, thanks in particular to the robust performance of 
the Comfort & Driving Assistance Systems (ADAS) and Powertrain Systems (48V, transmission 
systems and actuation systems) Business Groups; 
– in Asia, original equipment sales grew by 5% on a like-for-like basis, outpacing automotive 
production by 12 percentage points: 
◦ 
in China, original equipment sales were up 21% on a like-for-like basis, outperforming automotive 
production by 26 percentage points. China is the only region that recorded first-quarter 2021 sales 
above pre-Covid-19 levels. All of Valeo's Business Groups contributed to this momentum, serving 
both international and Chinese automakers, 
 
6 See financial glossary, page 7.

--- Page 86 ---
79 
14961810.13 
 
 
◦ 
in Japan, original equipment sales declined by 9% on a like-for-like basis, outpacing automotive 
production by 2 percentage points, driven in particular by the solid performance of the Visibility 
Systems Business Group for Toyota, 
◦ 
in South Korea, original equipment sales retreated by 1% on a like-for-like basis, outpacing 
automotive production by 4 percentage points, driven mainly by the launch of new contracts with 
Hyundai for 48V technologies and actuation systems; 
– in North America, original equipment sales dropped by 3% on a like-for-like basis, outperforming 
automotive production by 12 percentage points, driven mainly by the ramp-up of a number of 
projects in ADAS for North American customers; 
– in South America, like-for-like original equipment sales expanded by 12%, outperforming 
automotive production by 26 percentage points, driven by the uptick in sales for the Powertrain 
Systems, Thermal Systems and Visibility Systems Business Groups. 
Change in sales by Business Group 
The sales performance for the Business Groups reflects the specific product, region and customer mix and 
the relative weighting of the aftermarket in their activity as a whole. 
Sales 
by 
Business 
Group  
(in millions of euros) 
2021 
 
vs. 2020 
 
vs. 2019 
Q1 
 
Q1 
Change 
in sales 
Change 
in OE 
sales* 
Outperfor-
mance** 
Outperfor-
mance** 
adjusted for 
geographic 
mix 
 
Q1 
Change 
in sales 
Change 
in OE 
sales* 
Outperf. vs. 
IHS/CPCA** 
Outperfor-
mance** 
adjusted for 
geographic 
mix 
Comfort & Driving 
Assistance 
Systems*** 
918  
886 
+4% 
+7% 
-6  pts 
-4 pts  
901 
+2% 
+5 % 
+17 pts 
+21 pts 
Powertrain Systems 
1,291  
1,185 
+9% 
+12% 
-1  pt 
+5 pts  
1,266 
+2% 
+4% 
+16  pts 
+15 pts 
Thermal Systems 
1,023  
1,000 
+2% 
+6% 
-7  pts 
-4 pts  
1,143 
-10% 
-8% 
+4  pts 
+7 pts 
Visibility Systems 
1,397  
1,390 
+1% 
+4% 
-9  pts 
-2 pts  
1,502 
-7% 
-5% 
+7  pts 
+11 pts 
 * Like-for-like(8). 
 ** Based on IHS automotive production estimates released on April 16, 2021/CPCA estimates for data relating to China. 
*** Excluding the TCM Business. 
The Comfort & Driving Assistance Systems Business Group outperformed global automotive production 
by 17 percentage points compared to the first quarter of 2019, notably thanks to the launch of new projects 
in ADAS, in the following main production regions: North America, Europe and China, consolidating the 
Group’s position as world leader in this segment. 
The Powertrain Systems Business Group outperformed global automotive production by 16 percentage 
points compared to the first quarter of 2019, in particular in Europe, China and South Korea. Growth was 
mainly driven by:  
– 
faster growth in 48V systems; and  
– 
growth in transmission systems, led by an increase in average content per vehicle on the back of the 
growing use of automated gearboxes and hybrid systems. 
The Thermal Systems Business Group outperformed first-quarter 2019 global automotive production by 
4 percentage points, buoyed by accelerating sales in China and technologies related to the thermal

--- Page 87 ---
80 
14961810.13 
 
 
management of electrified vehicles (battery cooling systems, dedicated climate control systems for electric 
vehicles, etc.), which represent new growth opportunities for the Business Group. Thermal technologies 
dedicated to electrified vehicles accounted for more than 30% of the Business Group's order intake in 2020. 
The Visibility Systems Business Group outperformed global automotive production by 7 percentage points 
compared to the first quarter of 2019, notably thanks to the robust performance of the lighting business, in 
North America – sustained by the pick-up truck activities of North American customers – in Japan and 
Southeast Asia through its subsidiary Ichikoh – and in China. 
2021 outlook confirmed 
Our base scenario for the top end of our 2021 guidance range is 10% growth in global automotive 
production.  
In this context, the Group has set the following objectives for 2021(7): 
– continued outperformance; 
– improved financial performance despite additional costs, estimated at around 80 million euros, 
related to supply disruptions and the increase in certain raw material prices: 
2021 
2020 
Sales*  
in billions of euros 
17.6 - 18.2 
16.2 
Original equipment sales*  
in billions of euros 
14.9 - 15.5 
13.6 
EBITDA** 
in millions of euros 
2,250 - 2,450 
1,505 
as a % of sales 
12.8% - 13.4% 
9.2  
% 
Free cash flow** 
in millions of euros 
330 - 550 
294 
* Excluding the TCM business.    ** Including the TCM business. 
acceleration in growth for the Valeo Siemens eAutomotive joint venture and a reduction in its negative 
contribution to “Share in net earnings of equity-accounted companies”. 
Highlights  
Corporate social responsibility 
On March 23, 2021, Valeo joined the new “CAC 40 ESG” index comprising 40 companies that have 
demonstrated the best environmental, social and governance practices. 
On April 15, 2021, Valeo received the International Busplaner Sustainability Award 2021 for its UV 
air purifier for buses and coaches. The technology, which is the most powerful in the world, clears the air 
of more than 95% of its microbes, viruses and bacteria while the vehicle is on the move with passengers on 
board. Its effectiveness against SARS CoV 2 has been scientifically proven by the Frankfurt University 
Hospital and the Institute for Laser Technologies in Medicine and Metrology at the University of Ulm 
(ILM). 
The device, which acts as a protective shield against the Covid-19 virus in buses, was also named as the 
year's top innovation in Germany by the VDA (Verband der Automobilindustrie – the German 
association of automotive manufacturers and suppliers) on World Creativity and Innovation Day 2021 on 
April 21, 2021. 
Products/technologies and patents 
On March 16, 2021, Valeo announced that the Valeo ClimSpray™ had been named Product of the Year 
2021. With a simple spray, Valeo ClimSpray™ disinfects a vehicle cabin in 15 minutes and renders any 
coronavirus-like viruses, bacteria and fungi inactive. The solution contained in the product has been 
 
7 The Group's guidance for 2021 also includes the following objectives: ROCE of 11.1% (excluding the Top Column Module business (and 
taking into account the share in net earnings of equity-accounted companies)) and ROA of 5.0% (excluding the Top Column Module 
business and taking into account the share in net earnings of equity-accounted companies).

--- Page 88 ---
81 
14961810.13 
 
 
certified by an independent medical laboratory, demonstrating its compliance with European anti-microbial 
efficacy standards.   
On April 19, 2021, at the 19th edition of the Shanghai Auto Show, Valeo unveiled six innovations in 
response to today’s major mobility challenges, in which China is now leading the way:  
– the new Valeo heat pump and the Valeo FlexHeater, which eliminate the dilemma of having to 
choose between travel range and in-vehicle thermal comfort; 
– its first end-to-end all-electric powertrain system from its joint venture Valeo Siemens 
eAutomotive based in China. The technology offers 100 kW of power and includes the electric 
motor, the inverter (the brain of the system) and the reducer (the equivalent of the gearbox) and 
provides small sedans the world over with the performance they need at a reasonable cost; 
– a series of technologies that transform vehicles into a sort of "health shield", providing the driver 
with a healthy environment; 
– the development of a 360° lighting solution, which surrounds the vehicle with a band of light, 
projecting clear, simple and instantaneous indications that can be seen by nearby road users, 
thereby enhancing safety; and  
– the Valeo Mobility Kit, which consists of sensors – “the vehicle’s eyes and ears” – electronic control 
units and algorithms that can be integrated into new driverless vehicles such as droids and other 
small delivery robots. 
 
Upcoming events  
Shareholders' Meeting: May 26, 2021 
First-half 2021 results: July 22, 2021 
Third-quarter 2021 sales: October 28, 2021 
Full-year results: Second half of February 2022 
Appendix 
Global automotive production 
Automotive production 
(year-on-year change)
Q1 2021 vs Q1 2020 Q1 2021 vs Q1 2019 
IHS + CPCA* 
IHS + CPCA* 
Europe & Africa 
-1 
% -19 
% 
Asia, Middle East & 
O
i
+30 
% -7 
% 
o/w China 
+86 
% -5 
% 
o/w Japan 
-4 
% -11 
% 
o/w South Korea 
+12 
% -5 
% 
o/w India 
+23 
% -3 
% 
North America 
-4 
% -15 
% 
South America 
+4 
% -14 
% 
TOTAL 
+13 
% -12 
%
* Based on IHS automotive production estimates released on April 16, 2021/CPCA estimates for data 
relating to China. 
Reconciliation of Valeo and Top Column Module business data  
The Group decided to withdraw from the Top Column Module segment.

--- Page 89 ---
82 
14961810.13 
 
 
The following table reconciles published consolidated data with data excluding the Top Column Module 
business: 
Q1 2021 
TCM* 
Q1 
2021 
excluding 
TCM 
Sales 
(in €m) 
4,667 
54 
4,613 
Original equipment sales 
(in €m) 
3,937 
51 
3,886 
* Including intercompany transactions. 
Financial glossary  
Like-for-like (or LFL): the currency impact is calculated by multiplying sales for the current period by the 
exchange rate for the previous period. The Group structure impact is calculated by (i) eliminating, for the 
current period, sales of companies acquired during the period, (ii) adding to the previous period full-year 
sales of companies acquired in the previous period, and (iii) eliminating, for the current period and for the 
comparable period, sales of companies sold during the current or comparable period. 
EBITDA corresponds to (i) operating margin before depreciation, amortization and impairment losses 
(included in the operating margin) and the impact of government subsidies and grants on non-current 
assets, and (ii) net dividends from equity-accounted companies. 
Free cash flow corresponds to net cash from operating activities (excluding changes in non-recurring sales 
of receivables and payments for the principal portion of lease liabilities) after taking into account 
acquisitions and disposals of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets.  
ROCE, or return on capital employed, corresponds to operating margin (including share in net earnings 
of equity-accounted companies) divided by capital employed (including investments in equity-accounted 
companies), excluding goodwill.  
ROA, or return on assets, corresponds to operating income divided by capital employed (including 
investments in equity-accounted companies), including goodwill.  
Safe Harbor Statement 
Statements contained in this document, which are not historical fact, constitute “forward-looking 
statements”. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions, 
statements regarding projects, objectives, intentions and expectations with respect to future financial 
results, events, operations, services, product development and potential, and statements regarding future 
performance. Even though Valeo’s Management feels that the forward-looking statements are reasonable 
as at the date of this document, investors are put on notice that the forward-looking statements are subject 
to numerous factors, risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and generally beyond Valeo’s 
control, which could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those expressed or projected 
in the forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among others, the Company’s ability to generate 
cost savings or manufacturing efficiencies to offset or exceed contractually or competitively required price 
reductions. The risks and uncertainties to which Valeo is exposed mainly comprise the risks resulting from 
the investigations currently being carried out by the antitrust authorities as identified in the Universal 
Registration Document, risks which relate to being a supplier in the automotive industry and to the 
development of new products and risks due to certain global and regional economic conditions. Also 
included are environmental and industrial risks, risks associated with the Covid-19 epidemic, as well as 
risks and uncertainties described or identified in the public documents submitted by Valeo to the French 
financial markets authority (Autorité des marchés financiers – AMF), including those set out in the "Risk 
Factors" section of the 2020 Universal Registration Document registered with the AMF on April 6, 2021 
(under number D.21-0260). 
The Company assumes no responsibility for any analyses issued by analysts and any other information 
prepared by third parties which may be used in this document. Valeo does not intend or assume any 
obligation to review or to confirm the estimates issued by analysts or to update any forward-looking 
statements to reflect events or circumstances which occur subsequent to the date of this document.

--- Page 90 ---
83 
14961810.13 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 
14 June 2021 (the "Dealer Agreement") between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the 
Notes will be offered by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to 
sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at 
prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant 
Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The 
Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally 
underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer(s) a commission (if any) as agreed between them in respect of 
Notes subscribed by that Dealer. The Issuer has also agreed to reimburse the Arranger and the Dealers for 
certain of their expenses and activities in connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and EU 
PRIIPs Regulation 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
1) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
a. 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
b. 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU on insurance distribution, as 
amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
c. 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
2) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
1) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
a. 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or

--- Page 91 ---
84 
14961810.13 
 
 
b. 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
c. 
not a qualified investor as defined the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
2) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in France and it 
has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed 
in France, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to 
the Notes to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in Article 2(e) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside of France. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any 
U.S. state and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, within the United States of America or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in certain 
transactions not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act or such state securities laws.

--- Page 92 ---
85 
14961810.13 
 
 
The Notes are being offered and sold only outside of the United States to non-U.S. persons in offshore 
transactions in reliance on an exemption from registration under the Securities Act pursuant to Regulation 
S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Materialised Bearer Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any 
successor regulation issued under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "I.R. Code"), 
section 4701(b) that contains rules identical to the rules that currently apply under Code section 
163(f)(2)(B) (the "D Rules") unless (i) the relevant Final Terms states that such Materialised Bearer Notes 
are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor regulation issued 
under Code section 4701(b) that contains rules identical to the rules that currently apply under Code section 
163(f)(2)(B) (the "C Rules") or (ii) such Materialised Bearer Notes are issued other than in compliance 
with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute "registration 
required obligations" under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 
("TEFRA"), which circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which 
TEFRA is not applicable. TEFRA will not apply to Dematerialised Notes. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not 
offered or sold and it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, deliver, Notes (i) as 
part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after the completion of 
the distribution of any identifiable Tranche of which such Notes are a part (the "Distribution 
Compliance Period"), within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the Distribution Compliance 
Period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within 
the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S, except that in reference to the term 
Materialised Bearer Notes, the term "U.S. person" also shall have the meaning given to it by the I.R. Code 
and the regulations thereunder. 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche 
of Notes, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in 
the offering of such tranche of Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes outside the United States to non U.S. persons and the listing of the Notes on Euronext Paris. The 
Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in whole or in part, for 
any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States or to any 
U.S. person. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any 
U.S. person or to any other person within the United States, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the 
prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the 
United States, is prohibited. 
Japan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act") and agrees or will agree, as the case may be, that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan (which term as used herein means any 
person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or 
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan, except pursuant 
to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of 
Japan.

--- Page 93 ---
86 
14961810.13 
 
 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO") and any rules made thereunder or (ii) in other circumstances 
which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding 
Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or 
which does not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of 
only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and 
any rules made thereunder. 
People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, it has not offered or sold and will not offer or 
sell the Notes, directly or indirectly, in the People's Republic of China (the "PRC") or to PRC persons, for 
such purpose, not including the Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions or Taiwan, except 
as permitted by applicable PRC laws and regulations. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been, and will not be, registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that 
this Base Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation 
for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the Notes be offered 
or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, 
to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined under Section 4A of the 
Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or 
any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275, of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) or securities-based derivatives contracts (as defined in 
Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in 
that trust shall not be transferred within 6 months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes 
pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
(A) where the transfer of such securities or such beneficiaries' rights and interests is to an 
institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or (B) 
where the transfer of securities of such corporation arises from an offer referred to in

--- Page 94 ---
87 
14961810.13 
 
 
Section 276(3)(i)(B) of the SFA or where the transfer of rights and interests in such trust 
arises from an offer referred to in Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; or 
(iv) 
pursuant to Section 276(7) of the SFA. 
Switzerland 
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from the requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus 
under the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") as long as such offering is made to professional clients 
within the meaning of the FinSA only or as long as the Notes have a minimum denomination of CHF 
100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) or more and the Notes will not be admitted to trading on any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. This Base Prospectus does not 
constitute a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or 
in connection with the offering of the Notes. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers 
in particular following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification or 
supplement will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offer to the public of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any 
other offering material or any Final Terms and that it will obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required for the purchase, offer or sale of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction 
in which it makes such purchase, offer or sale. None of the Issuer or any other Dealer shall have 
responsibility therefore. 
Each of the Dealers has further agreed that it has not entered and will not enter into any sub- underwriting 
arrangement with respect to the distribution of the Notes with any person other than one of its subsidiaries 
or affiliates without the prior written consent of the Issuer. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that Materialised Notes may only be issued 
outside France.

--- Page 95 ---
88 
14961810.13 
 
 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF SECURITIES 
WITH A DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST €100,000 TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON AN 
EEA REGULATED MARKET 
[EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five categories referred to in item 
18 of the Guidelines on EU MiFID II product governance requirements published by ESMA dated 5 
February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 
18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy 
statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer ['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer ['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU ("EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU on insurance 
distribution, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as 
amended (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPS 
Regulation. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]

--- Page 96 ---
89 
14961810.13 
 
 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Valeo 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] under the Euro 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme  
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 14 June 2021 which received approval no. 21-223 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the "AMF") on 14 June 2021 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [•] which 
received approval no. [•] from the AMF on [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 
(as may be amended from time to time, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the 
Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and 
the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. [The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base 
Prospectus] [and the Final Terms] [is] [are] available for viewing at the office of the Paying Agents during 
normal business hours and on the websites of (a) the Autorité des marchés financiers (www.amf-france.org) 
and (b) the Issuer (www.valeo.com) and copies may be obtained free of charge from Valeo, 43 rue Bayen, 
75017 Paris, France. [In addition1, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] 
[are] available for viewing [at/on] [•]]. 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") which are the [2013/2015/2016/2017] EMTN Conditions. This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as may be amended from time to time, the 
"EU Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 
14 June 2021 which received approval no. 21-223 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") 
on 14 June 2021 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [•] which received approval no.[•] from 
the AMF on [•]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are the [2013/2015/2016/2017] EMTN Conditions. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms, the [2013/2015/2016/2017] EMTN Conditions and the Base Prospectus dated [current 
date] [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [•] and [•]. [The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing at the office of the Paying Agents during 
normal business hours and on the websites of (a) the Autorité des marchés financiers (www.amf-france.org) 
and (b) the Issuer (www.valeo.com) and copies may be obtained free of charge from Valeo, 43 rue Bayen, 
75017 Paris, France. [In addition8, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] 
[are] available for viewing [at/on] [•]]. 
1. 
Issuer: 
Valeo 
2. 
[(i)] Series Number: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii) Date on which the 
Notes become fungible] 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes will be assimilated (assimilées) and 
form a single series with the existing [insert description of the 
Series] issued by the Issuer on [insert date] (the "Existing Notes") 
as from the date of assimilation which is expected to be on or 
about forty (40) calendar days after the Issue Date (the 
"Assimilation Date").] 
 
8 
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than Euronext Paris.

--- Page 97 ---
90 
14961810.13 
 
 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate 
Principal 
Amount of Notes : 
[●] 
 
[(i)] Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) Tranche: 
[●]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] ( if applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denomination: 
[●] 
7. 
(i) Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest 
Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate [, subject to the Step Up Option]] 
 
 
[[specify reference rate] +/– [●] per cent. Floating Rate [, subject 
to the Step Up Option]] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of 
their nominal amount 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
 
 
[Call Option] 
 
 
[Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
 
 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
 
 
[Clean-Up Call Option] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
Change of Control: 
[Change of Control Put Option/Condition 6(c)(ii) will not apply] 
13. 
(i) Status of the Notes: 
Unsubordinated Notes 
 
[(ii)] [Date of corporate 
authorisations for issuance 
of Notes: 
[Resolution of the General Meeting of the shareholders of the 
Issuer dated [●]] [Resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer dated [●] [and the décision d'émission dated [●] (in the case 
of syndicated issue only)] [(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or 
similar) authorisation is required for the particular Tranche of 
Notes)] 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) 
PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
(If the Notes are subject to the Step Up Option)  
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up Option 
The Initial Rate of Interest is [●] per cent. per annum [payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date] 
(further particulars specified in item 18 of these Final Terms)] 
 
(If the Notes are not subject to the Step Up Option)  
[●] per cent. per annum [payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date]

--- Page 98 ---
91 
14961810.13 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention and any applicable additional Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of "Business Day"]9 / unadjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount[(s)]10: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable / [●] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in/on] [●]] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
 
(vi) Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) or for Renminbi Notes) 
 
(vii) Other terms relating to 
the method of calculating 
interest for Fixed Rate 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for 
calculating 
Interest 
Amounts 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent)11 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
15. 
Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up Option (further particulars 
specified in paragraph 18 below)]/[The Notes are not subject to 
the Step Up Option]  
 
(i) Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below 
 
(iii) First Interest Payment 
Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Interest Period Date: 
[Interest Payment Date/[●]] 
 
(v) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention/ other (give details)] 
 
(vi) Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and / or Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
[Fiscal Agent]): 
[●] 
 
9 
This option should be selected for Renminbi Notes. 
10 
Not applicable for Renminbi Notes. 
11 
Renminbi Notes only.

--- Page 99 ---
92 
14961810.13 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination - IBOR: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– Benchmark: 
[LIBOR, LIBID, LIMEAN, CMS, EURIBOR or other 
benchmark] 
 
– Relevant Rate: 
[●] 
 
 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear interpolation in 
respect of an interest period (as per Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(e)), 
insert the relevant interest period(s) and the relevant two rates 
used for such determination) 
 
– Interest 
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] [TARGET2] Business Days in [specify city] for [specify 
currency] prior to [the first day in each Interest Period/each 
Interest Payment Date]] 
 
 
(Where the Benchmark is SONIA include the wording below) 
 
– Effective Date: 
[●] 
 
– Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
– Primary Source: 
[Specify relevant Page or "Reference Banks"] 
 
– 
Reference 
Banks 
Primary Source (if is 
"Reference Banks"): 
[Specify four] 
 
– Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[The financial centre most closely connected to the Benchmark - 
specify if not Paris] 
 
– Representative 
Amount: 
[Specify the notional amount if Page or Reference Bank 
quotations are to be given in respect of a transaction of a specified 
notional amount] 
 
– [Specified Duration: 
[●]] 
 
(x) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination – SONIA: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– "p" 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
– Calculation Method: 
[Lag Method/Observation Shift Method/Not Applicable] 
 
– Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out] 
 
(xi)Margin(s): 
(If the Notes are subject to the Step Up Option) [The initial 
Margin is] [+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii)Rate Multiplier: 
[Not applicable]/[●] 
 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[Zero (0)/ [●] per cent. per annum]12 
 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[[Not Applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xv) Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
16. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) Change of Interest Basis 
by the Issuer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
12 
The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less than zero.

--- Page 100 ---
93 
14961810.13 
 
 
 
(ii) Automatic Change of 
Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
applicable to the Interest 
Periods before the Switch 
Date (excluded): 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), provided that the 
Notes are Fixed Rate Notes/Condition 5(c), provided that the 
Notes are Floating Rate Notes], as described in item [15/16] of 
these Final Terms 
 
(iv) 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
applicable to the Interest 
Periods after the Switch 
Date (included): 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), so long as the 
Notes will be Fixed Rate Notes/Condition 5(c), so long as the 
Notes will be Floating Rate Notes], as described in item [15/16] 
of these Final Terms 
 
(v) Switch Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) Notice period for the 
Issuer 
to 
inform 
the 
Noteholders: 
[[●] Business Days before the Switch Date (in case of an 
Automatic Change of Interest)/Not Applicable] 
17. 
Zero 
Coupon 
Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining 
amount 
payable: 
[●] 
18. 
Step Up Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) Step Up Event: 
[Carbon Reduction KPI Event]/[Sustainable Procurement KPI 
Event] 
 
[(i) SPT: [●] 
(ii) Target Observation Date: [●]13] 
 
(ii) Step Up Margin: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii) Step Up Date 
[●] 
19. 
Premium Payment 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) Premium Trigger Event: 
[Carbon Reduction KPI Event]/[Sustainable Procurement KPI 
Event] 
 
[(i) SPT: [●] 
(ii) Target Observation Date: [●]14] 
 
(ii) 
Premium 
Payment 
Amount: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
13 31 December 2025 or 31 December 2030 
14 31 December 2025 or 31 December 2030

--- Page 101 ---
94 
14961810.13 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Premium 
Payment 
Date 
[●] 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Issuer Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) Optional Redemption 
Date(s) (Call): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) of each 
Note: 
[●] per Note of [●] specified denomination 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Notice period: 
[Condition 6(b)(i) will apply] / [●] 
21. 
Make-whole 
Redemption 
by the Issuer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) Notice Period15: 
[Condition 6(b)(ii) will apply] / [●] 
 
(ii) Parties to be notified (if 
other than set out in 
Condition 6(b)(ii) 
[[●] /Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Make-whole 
Redemption Margin: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Make-whole 
Calculation Agent: 
[●] 
 
(v) Reference Screen Rate: 
[[●] /Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Reference Security: 
[[●] /Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Reference Dealers: 
[Not applicable/As set out in the Conditions] 
22. 
Residual 
Maturity 
Call 
Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
Date 
from 
which 
the 
Residual 
Maturity 
Call 
Option may be exercised: 
The Issuer may exercise the Residual Maturity Call Option 
starting on [●] and at any time thereafter. 
23. 
Clean-Up Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
24. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
15 
If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider 
the practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as 
any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 102 ---
95 
14961810.13 
 
 
 
(i) Optional Redemption 
Date(s) (Put): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Put) of each 
Note: 
[●] per Note of [●] specified denomination 
 
(iii) Notice period: 
[Condition 6(c)(i) will apply] / [●] 
25. 
Change of Control Put 
Option: 
Condition 6(c)(ii) will apply 
26. 
Final Redemption Amount 
of each Note 
[[●] per Note of [●] specified denomination] 
27. 
Early Redemption Amount 
(Tax or Illegality)  
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
(Tax 
or 
Illegality) of each Note 
payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons, on an 
event of default or other 
early redemption: 
[●] 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
28. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] (Materialised Notes 
are only in bearer form) [Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) Form of Dematerialised 
Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If applicable, specify whether 
bearer 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
porteur) 
/ 
registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif administré) / fully registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif pur)) 
 
(ii) Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/If Applicable, give name and details] 
 
 
(Note that a Registration Agent may be appointed in relation to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
only) 
 
(iii) 
Temporary 
Global 
Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Materialised Notes on [•] (the "Exchange 
Date"), being 40 calendar days after the Issue Date subject to 
postponement as provided in the Temporary Global Certificate] 
 
(iv) Applicable TEFRA 
exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] (Only applicable to 
Materialised Notes) 
 
(v) 
[Exclusion 
of 
the 
possibility 
to 
request 
identification information 
of 
the 
Noteholders 
as 
provided 
by 
Condition 
1(a)(i): 
[Applicable] (If the possibility to request identification 
information of the Noteholders as provided by Condition 1(a)(i) 
is contemplated, delete this paragraph)] 
29. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] [Note that this item relates to the 
date and place of payment, and not interest period end dates, to 
which item 16(v) relates] 
30. 
Talons for future Coupons 
to be attached to Definitive 
Bearer Materialised Notes 
(and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details]

--- Page 103 ---
96 
14961810.13 
 
 
31. 
Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and 
reconventioning 
provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 1(d)] apply] 
32. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 13(b)] apply] 
33. 
Masse 
[Insert below details of Representative and alternate (if any) 
 
 
Representative and remuneration, if any: 
 
 
Name and address of the Representative: [●] 
 
 
[Name and address of the alternate Representative: [●]]] 
 
 
[The Representative will be entitled to a remuneration of [●] per 
year/The Representative will not be entitled to a Remuneration.] 
 
 
[If the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, insert the wording 
below: 
 
 
As long as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, it shall 
exercise all rights and obligations assigned by law to the 
Representative and the general meeting of the Noteholders. A 
Representative will be appointed by the Issuer as soon as the 
Notes are held by several Noteholders.] 
 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
34. 
(i) If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) Stabilising Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
35. 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
36. 
US 
Selling 
Restrictions(Categories of 
potential investors to which 
the Notes are offered): 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the Notes; [TEFRA C 
applies to the Materialised Notes/TEFRA D applies to the 
Materialised Notes/ TEFRA not applicable to Dematerialised 
Notes] 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on [Euronext Paris 
/other (specify relevant Regulated Market)] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the 
Euro  5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Valeo (the "Issuer"). 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information)] has been extracted from [(specify source)]. The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [(specify source)], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading in any material respect.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: ............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 104 ---
97 
14961810.13 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i)  
Listing: 
[Euronext Paris/Other (specify)/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on [Euronext 
Paris/other (specify relevant Regulated Market)] with effect from 
[●]. [Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [Euronext 
Paris/other (specify relevant Regulated Market)] with effect from 
[●].]/[Not Applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[●] 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to be] rated: 
[S & P: [●]] 
[Moody's: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes 
of the type being issued under the Programme generally or, 
where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
[Each of [S & P, Moody's] is established in the European Union, 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation") and included in the list of registered 
credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating- 
agencies/risk) in accordance with EU CRA Regulation.] / 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the European 
Union and has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the relevant competent authority. In general, 
European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating 
for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union and registered 
the EU CRA Regulation unless the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency operating in the European Union before 7 June 
2010 which has submitted an application for registration in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation and such registration is 
not refused.] / 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the European 
Union and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), but is 
endorsed by [insert credit rating agency] which is established in 
the European Union, registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
and included in the list of registered credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on

--- Page 105 ---
98 
14961810.13 
 
 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating- agencies/risk) in accordance with EU CRA Regulation.] 
[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the European 
Union and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as amended.]] 
[[The rating [Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has given 
to the Notes is endorsed by a credit agency which is established 
in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation") and 
the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation.] 
[The Notes will not be rated.] 
 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interests, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion 
of the following statement: 
"Save as discussed in the Section "Subscription and Sale" of the Base Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.)] 
 
4. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●]. per cent. per annum 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
 
5. 
[Floating Rate Notes only – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
Historic Interest Rate 
Details 
of 
historic 
[LIBOR/LIBID/LIMEAN/CMS/EURIBOR/SONIA/other] rates 
can be obtained from [●]. 
Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference 
to [●] which is provided by [•]. As at [●],[●] [appears/does not 
appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks

--- Page 106 ---
99 
14961810.13 
 
 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation"). [As far as the Issuer is aware the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such that [•] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]]/ 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [specify benchmark], which is provided by 
[administrator legal name]. As at [●], [administrator legal name] 
[appears][does not appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial Conduct 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”).]/ 
[Not Applicable] 
 
6. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
[Reasons for the offer: 
[The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used for the 
Issuer's general corporate purposes/specify any other reason.] 
[The Notes constitute Sustainability Linked Notes pursuant to the 
Framework which is available on the website of the Issuer ([●]).]  
[The Notes constitute Green Bonds and the net proceeds will be 
used to finance and/or refinance [in whole or in part] one or more 
Green Eligible Projects pursuant to the Framework which is 
available on the website of the Issuer ([●]) and described below. 
[Describe specific Green Eligible Projects and/or availability of 
second party opinion and any relevant third party opinions 
and/or where the information can be obtained]] 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus. If reasons 
for offer are different from making profit and/or hedging certain 
risks, will need to include those reasons here) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear 
France, 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(v) 
Names and addresses of 
Initial Paying Agent(s): 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
(vii) 
Name and address of any 
paying agent(s) and depository 
[●]

--- Page 107 ---
100 
14961810.13 
 
 
agent(s) in each country (in addition 
to the Principal Paying Agent): 
 
8. 
GENERAL 
The aggregate principal amount of 
Notes issued has been translated into 
Euro at the rate of [●], producing a 
sum of (for Notes not denominated 
in Euro): 
[Not Applicable/Euro [●]]

--- Page 108 ---
101 
14961810.13 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
AMF approval and admission to trading of the Notes issued under the Programme 
This Base Prospectus received the approval no. 21-223 on 14 June 2021 from the AMF. The AMF 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market for 
twelve (12) months after the approval by the AMF, until 14 June 2022, provided that it is 
completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, following 
the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to 
the information included (including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus 
which may affect the assessment of the Notes. After such date, this Base Prospectus will expire 
and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, 
material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed and admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris or any other stock exchange or which will be listed or admitted to trading 
on such Regulated Market as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
(2) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 5493006IH2N2WMIBB742. 
(3) 
Corporate authorisations 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations 
in France in connection with the Programme, including the resolution of the Board of Directors 
(conseil d'administration) of the Issuer passed on 18 February 2021 authorizing the update of the 
Programme.  
The Board of Directors (conseil d'administration) of the Issuer authorised on 18 February 2021 its 
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (Président Directeur Général) to issue bonds 
(obligations) under the Programme up to a maximum aggregate amount of €5 billion within the 
limits set by the Board of Directors (conseil d'administration). 
(4) 
Material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (including the Documents Incorporated by Reference), 
in particular with respect to the impact of the crisis resulting from the Covid-19, there has been no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020.  
(5) 
No significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or the Group 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (including the Documents Incorporated by Reference), 
in particular with respect to the impact of the crisis resulting from the Covid-19, there has been no 
significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or the Group 
since 31 March 2021. 
(6) 
Conflicts of interests 
As the date hereof, there are not potential conflicts of interest between the private interests or other 
duties of members of the board of directors of the Issuer and the duties they owe to the Issuer.  
(7) 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (including the Documents Incorporated by Reference), 
there have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the period of 12 months prior

--- Page 109 ---
102 
14961810.13 
 
 
to the date of this Base Prospectus which, to the Issuer's knowledge, may have, or have had in the 
recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group.  
(8) 
Definitive Bearer Materialised Note 
Each Definitive Bearer Materialised Note, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: "Any 
United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code". 
(9) 
Clearing systems 
Application may be made for Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France and/or 
Euroclear and Clearstream systems. The appropriate Common Code, the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other 
relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France, acting as central 
depositary. Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed 
either with the Issuer or with the registration agent. 
The address of Euroclear France is 66 rue de la Victoire 75009 Paris, France, the address of 
Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42 avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. 
(10) 
Documents on display 
The following documents can be inspected on the website of the Issuer (www.valeo.com): 
(i) 
the up-to-date statuts of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference and 
any Supplements to this Base Prospectus); and 
(iii) 
any Final Terms relating to Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any 
other Regulated Market, 
and the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Lettre Comptable, the form of the 
Temporary Global Certificate and the forms of the Definitive Materialised Notes and the Coupons, 
Receipts and Talons in relation thereto) will be available for inspection at the specified offices of 
the Fiscal Agent or each of the Paying Agents during normal business hours, so long as Notes may 
be issued pursuant to, or are outstanding under, this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms related to Notes 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris will also be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org). 
(11) 
Statutory auditors 
Ernst & Young et Autres, 1/2, place des Saisons, 92400 Courbevoie – Paris La Défense, France 
and Mazars, Exaltis - 61, rue Henri Régnault, 92400 Courbevoie, France have audited and rendered 
unqualified audit reports on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the two financial 
years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. The statutory auditors' reports on the 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2019, 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, contains an emphasis of matter of a technical 
nature. Ernst & Young et Autres and Mazars are members of the French professional body 
Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles. 
(12) 
Ratings 
The long term debt of the Issuer has been rated "Baa3, negative outlook" by Moody's Investors 
Service ("Moody's") and "BB+, stable outlook", by S&P Global Ratings ("S&P").

--- Page 110 ---
103 
14961810.13 
 
 
Moody's and S&P are credit rating agencies established in the European Union and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) on credit rating agencies. None of Moody’s or 
S&P are established in the United Kingdom (the "UK"), or are registered in accordance with 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The ratings of Moody's and 
S&P have been endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, 
respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, 
the ratings issued by each of Moody's and S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. The rating of the Notes, if any, will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Credit ratings are subject to revision, suspension or 
withdrawal at any time by the relevant rating organisation. A rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning credit rating agency without notice. 
(13) 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, one or more Dealers may act as stabilising 
manager(s) (the "Stabilising Manager(s)"). The identity of the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons 
acting on the behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on the behalf of the Stabilising Manager(s)) may 
over-allot Notes, or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at 
a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure 
of the Final Terms of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, 
but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules. 
(14) 
References in this Base Prospectus 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to 
"€", "Euro", "EUR" or "euro" are to the lawful currency of the participating Member States of the 
European Union which was introduced on 1 January 1999, references to "£", "pounds sterling", 
"GBP" and "Sterling" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to "$", "USD" 
and "U.S. Dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, references to "¥", 
"JPY", "Japanese yen" and "Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan, references to "Swiss 
francs" or "CHF" are to the lawful currency of the Helvetic Confederation and references to 
"Renminbi" or "CNY" mean Renminbi Yuan and are to the lawful currency of the People's 
Republic of China, excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the Macau Special 
Administrative Region and Taiwan (the "PRC"). 
In this Base Prospectus, any discrepancies in any table between totals and the sums of the amounts 
listed in such table are due to rounding. 
(15) 
Forward-looking statements 
Some sections of this Base Prospectus and, in particular, the sections entitled "Description of 
Valeo" and "Recent Developments", and of the documents incorporated by reference referred to in 
the section entitled "Documents incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus, contain 
forward-looking statements. The Issuer may also make forward-looking statements in its audited 
annual financial statements, in its interim financial statements, in its offering circulars, in press 
releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by its officers, directors or 
employees to third parties. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about the 
Issuer's beliefs and expectations, are forward looking statements. These statements are based on 
current plans, estimates and projections, and therefore undue reliance should not be placed on them. 
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the Issuer undertakes no 
obligation to update publicly any of them in light of new information or future events.

--- Page 111 ---
104 
14961810.13 
 
 
(16) 
EU Benchmarks Regulation and UK Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more 
"benchmarks" for the purposes of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation. In such a case, the relevant Final Terms in respect of such issuance of Floating Rate 
Notes will specify the relevant benchmark, the relevant administrator of such benchmark and 
whether such administrator appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority or the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority, as applicable. 
(17) 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
All or some of the Dealers and their affiliates (including their parent companies) have and/or may 
in the future engage, in the ordinary course of business, in investment banking, commercial 
banking and/or other financial advisory and commercial dealings with the Issuer and its affiliates 
and in relation to securities issued by any entity of the Group. They have or may, in the ordinary 
course of business, (i) engage in investment banking, trading or hedging activities including 
activities that may include prime brokerage business, financing transactions or entry into derivative 
transactions, (ii) act as underwriters in connection with offering of shares or other securities issued 
by any entity of the Group or (ii) act as financial advisers to the Issuer or other companies of the 
Group. In the context of these transactions, certain of such Dealers have or may hold shares or 
other securities issued by entities of the Group. Where applicable, they have or will receive 
customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
Potential conflicts of interest may also arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Tranche 
and the Noteholders, including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and judgements 
that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions. 
Where a Dealer acts as Calculation Agent and/or as swap counterparty in respect of an issuance of 
Notes under the Programme, potential conflicts of interest may arise and, in particular, between 
the Calculation Agent and Noteholders with respect to certain discretionary determinations and 
judgments that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions. 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international 
financial group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking 
activities out of which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where 
relevant, have information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may 
in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or 
related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on 
the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes.

--- Page 112 ---
105 
14961810.13 
 
 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR BASE PROSPECTUS 
Person responsible for this Base Prospectus 
Jacques Aschenbroich, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer.  
Declaration by person responsible for this Base Prospectus 
I declare, to the best of my knowledge, that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Paris, 14 June 2021 
 
 
 
 
Valeo 
43, rue Bayen 
75848 Paris Cedex 17 France 
Duly represented by Jacques Aschenbroich 
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). 
The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is 
complete, coherent and comprehensible. 
This approval should not be considered as a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the 
Notes described in this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity 
to invest in such Notes. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved on 14 June 2021 and is valid until 14 June 2022 and shall during 
this period, in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, be completed by a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. 
The Base Prospectus has been given the following approval number: 21-223.

--- Page 113 ---
106 
14961810.13 
 
 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
Valeo 
43, rue Bayen 
75017 Paris France 
 
Arranger 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Dealers 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis  
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex  
France 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
6, avenue de Provence 
75452 Paris cedex 09  
France 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
  
  
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam  
The Netherlands  
Natixis 
30 avenue Pierre Mendès France  
75013 Paris 
France  
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris  
France

--- Page 114 ---
107 
14961810.13 
 
 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, Redenomination Agent, Consolidation 
Agent and Put Agent 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
(Affiliated with Euroclear France under number 29106) 
Corporate Trust Services  
Grand Moulins de Pantin  
9 rue du Débarcadère  
93500 Pantin 
France 
Attention: Corporate Trust Services 
 
Auditors to the Issuer 
Ernst & Young et Autres  
1/2, place des Saisons 92400 Courbevoie 
Paris La Défense 1 
France 
Mazars 
Exaltis 
61, rue Henri Régnault  
92400 Courbevoie  
France 
 
Legal Advisers 
as to French law 
To the Issuer 
Darrois Villey Maillot Brochier A.A.R.P.I. 
69, avenue Victor Hugo 
75016 Paris 
France 
To the Dealers 
Clifford Chance Europe LLP 
1, rue d'Astorg 
CS 60058, 
75377 Paris Cedex 08 
France