--- Page 1 ---
1069473/0003/J20461417v15 
 
 
Valour Digital Securities Limited  
(Incorporated and registered in Jersey under the Companies 
(Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) with registered number 144021) 
LEI: 9845007E2COKE69C9J55 
Exchange Traded Products Programme for the issue of 
Digital Securities 
 
 
This document (the “Base Prospectus” or “Prospectus”) is issued in respect of the programme for the 
issue of exchange traded products (the “Digital Securities”) by Valour Digital Securities Limited (the 
“Issuer”).  This Base Prospectus relates to the issue of Digital Securities which are non-interest bearing, 
secured, limited recourse debt securities of the Issuer. The Issuer is currently making available for issue 
separate classes of Digital Securities linked to Digital Assets (as defined below). 
 
An investment in Digital Securities involves a significant degree of risk and investors may lose 
some or all of their investment. It should be remembered that the value of the Digital Securities 
can go down as well as up. 
 
It is important that an investor carefully reads, considers and understands this Base Prospectus before 
making any investment in the Digital Securities.  
 
THE INVESTMENTS DESCRIBED IN THIS DOCUMENT DO NOT CONSTITUTE A COLLECTIVE 
INVESTMENT FUND FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT FUNDS (JERSEY) LAW 1988, 
AS AMENDED, ON THE BASIS THAT THEY ARE INVESTMENT PRODUCTS DESIGNED FOR FINANCIALLY 
SOPHISTICATED INVESTORS WITH SPECIALIST KNOWLEDGE OF, AND EXPERIENCE IN INVESTING IN, 
SUCH INVESTMENTS, WHO ARE CAPABLE OF FULLY EVALUATING THE RISKS INVOLVED IN MAKING 
SUCH INVESTMENTS AND WHO HAVE AN ASSET BASE SUFFICIENTLY SUBSTANTIAL AS TO ENABLE 
THEM TO SUSTAIN ANY LOSS THAT THEY MIGHT SUFFER AS A RESULT OF MAKING SUCH 
INVESTMENTS. THESE INVESTMENTS ARE NOT REGARDED BY THE JERSEY FINANCIAL SERVICES 
COMMISSION ("JFSC") AS SUITABLE INVESTMENTS FOR ANY OTHER TYPE OF INVESTOR. 
THE JFSC DOES NOT OPINE ON, OTHERWISE ENDORSE, THE ISSUER FALLING WITHIN THE SCOPE OF 
THE COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT FUNDS (RESTRICTION OF SCOPE) (JERSEY) ORDER 2000. 
ACCORDINGLY, THE JFSC TAKES NO RESPONSIBILITY SHOULD THE ISSUER FAIL TO MEET THE 
CONDITIONS OF THE COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT FUNDS (RESTRICTION OF SCOPE) (JERSEY) ORDER 
2000. 
THE JFSC HAS GIVEN AND HAS NOT WITHDRAWN ITS CONSENT UNDER ARTICLE 4 OF THE CONTROL 
OF BORROWING (JERSEY) ORDER 1958 AS AMENDED, TO THE ISSUE OF DIGITAL SECURITIES BY THE 
ISSUER. THE JFSC IS PROTECTED BY THE CONTROL OF BORROWING (JERSEY) ORDER 1947, AS 
AMENDED, AGAINST LIABILITY ARISING FROM THE DISCHARGE OF ITS FUNCTIONS UNDER THE LAW. 
IT MUST BE DISTINCTLY UNDERSTOOD THAT, IN GIVING THAT CONSENT, THE JFSC DOES NOT TAKE

--- Page 2 ---
ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE FINANCIAL SOUNDNESS OF THE ISSUER OR FOR THE CORRECTNESS 
OF ANY STATEMENTS MADE, OR OPINIONS EXPRESSED, WITH REGARDS TO IT. 
ANY INDIVIDUAL INTENDING TO INVEST IN ANY INVESTMENT DESCRIBED IN THIS DOCUMENT 
SHOULD CONSULT HIS OR HER PROFESSIONAL ADVISER AND ENSURE THAT HE OR SHE FULLY 
UNDERSTANDS ALL THE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH MAKING SUCH AN INVESTMENT AND HAS 
SUFFICIENT FINANCIAL RESOURCES TO SUSTAIN ANY LOSS THAT MAY ARISE FROM IT.

--- Page 3 ---
Important Information 
 
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") contains information relating to the Digital Securities (as 
defined below) to be issued under the programme (the "Programme"). Under the Base Prospectus, Valour 
Digital Securities Limited (the "Issuer") may, from time to time, issue Digital Securities which are offered 
to the public and/or apply for such Digital Securities to be admitted to trading on one or more regulated 
markets or multilateral trading facilities ("MTF’s") in Sweden and, subject to the prior completion of all 
relevant notification measures, certain other countries within the EEA as specified herein. 
The Digital Securities are not principal-protected and do not bear interest. Consequently, the value of, and 
any amounts payable under, the Digital Securities will be strongly influenced by the performance of the 
relevant Digital Asset(s) (as defined herein). 
Whether or not the Digital Securities constitute a suitable investment for a prospective investor has to be 
assessed in light of each investor's own circumstances. Neither this Base Prospectus, nor any marketing 
material relating to the Digital Securities, constitute (or should be considered to constitute) investment, 
financial, tax or any other kind of advice to prospective investors. Each investor must make their own 
assessment as to the suitability (or otherwise) of a potential investment in the Digital Securities and should, 
in connection therewith, consult with their own independent professional advisors. 
An investment in the Digital Securities is only suitable for investors who have sufficient experience and 
knowledge to be able to assess the risks related to such an investment, who also have investment objectives 
which align with the Digital Securities' exposure, duration and other characteristics, and who have sufficient 
financial resources in order to be able to bear the risks associated with such an investment. 
This Base Prospectus must not be distributed to other countries where an offering or admission to trading 
requires additional prospectuses, translations or filings with national authorities (or other measures beyond 
those required by Swedish law) or which otherwise are in breach of the laws or rules of such other country. 
Persons holding this Base Prospectus, or any Digital Securities issued hereunder, must stay informed of (and 
observe) any restrictions in such jurisdictions and as contained herein. 
The Digital Securities have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act 1933, as amended, 
of the United States (the "Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States. The Digital Securities may not be offered, sold or (in the case of bearer 
securities) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons, except 
pursuant to offers and sales in an offshore transaction that occurs outside the United States in accordance 
with the applicable provisions of Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act or pursuant to another 
available exemption from the registration requirements under the Securities Act. 
The Base Prospectus will be registered in Switzerland with the reviewing body SIX Exchange Regulation 
AG or another FINMA approved reviewing body, as a foreign prospectus that is also deemed to be approved 
in Switzerland pursuant to Article 54 paragraph 2 of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services ("FinSA") 
together with the Ordinance on Financial Services ("FINSO") for inclusion on the list of approved prospectus 
pursuant to Article 64 para. 5 FinSA, deposited with this reviewing body and published pursuant to Article 
64 FinSA.

--- Page 4 ---
1 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
This table sets out the contents of this Prospectus together with an outline description of the contents 
of each section and is intended as a guide to help a prospective investor to navigate through      this 
Prospectus. 
 
Each section, together with the relevant Final Terms, should be carefully considered by a prospective 
investor before deciding whether to invest in the Digital Securities. 
 
Section of Prospectus 
Page 
What is covered by this section 
General description of the 
programme 
3 
This section sets out a general description of the 
programme 
Risk Factors 
11 
This section sets out the material risks known to the 
Issuer associated with an investment in the Digital 
Securities and should be carefully considered by a 
prospective investor. 
Part 1 
General 
31 
This section provides a description of the Digital 
Securities and the role of the different parties in the 
structure of the offering. 
Part 2 
How 
does 
a 
Security 
Holder 
determine 
the 
value 
of 
their 
investment? 
47 
This section sets out how an investor can work out 
the value of their investment and provides the 
relevant formulae and worked examples. 
Part 3 
Digital 
Assets 
Market Overview 
53 
This section provides an overview of the market for 
each of the Digital Assets offered under this 
Prospectus to help an investor decide whether an 
investment in a product which tracks movements in 
the price of such Digital Asset is appropriate for 
them. 
Part 4 
Description of the 
Digital Securities 
57 
This section provides a description of the Digital 
Securities as well as details of the rights attached to 
the Digital Securities, how the Digital Asset 
Entitlement, 
Basket 
Entitlement 
and 
Index 
Entitlement are calculated and details of how Digital 
Securities can be redeemed. 
Part 5 
The Programme 
64 
This section contains information relating to some, 
but not all, of the local regulations applicable to 
Digital Securities and the settlement process that 
apply to on-exchange trading in the Digital 
Securities.

--- Page 5 ---
2 
 
Part 6 
Trust Instrument 
and Conditions 
67 
This section provides summaries of the main 
constitutive document in relation to the Digital 
Securities – the Trust Instrument.  It includes an 
extract from the Trust Instrument under the heading 
“Conditions”, setting out the terms and conditions 
that apply to the Digital Securities.  This extract is 
drafted in legal language as it is taken directly from 
the Trust Instrument but information on how the 
terms and conditions apply to the Security Holders is 
contained throughout this Prospectus including in 
Parts 4 and Part 5. 
 
Form 
of 
Final 
Terms 
155 
This section contains the form of Final Terms. 
Part 7 
Particulars of the 
Security Deed 
161 
The Security Deed creates security over and gives 
investors (through the Trustee) rights to, the 
underlying relating to each class of Digital 
Securities. This section contains detail of the terms 
of the rights granted by the Security Deed and when 
these rights become enforceable. 
Part 8 
Custody and the 
Custody 
Agreements 
163 
The Custodians are responsible for the safe-   
keeping of the Digital Assets backing the Digital 
Securities. This Section provides information on the 
Custodian and its role as well as describing the key 
terms of the Custody Agreements. 
Part 9 
Taxation 
166 
This section sets out important considerations for 
investors with respect to the tax treatment of holding 
Digital Securities. 
Part 10 
Information 
regarding 
the 
Issuer 
and 
Additional 
Information 
170 
This section sets out further information on the 
Issuer which the Issuer believes a potential investor 
will want to be aware of or which the Issuer is 
required to include under applicable rules. 
Part 11 
Offering and Sale 
177 
This section sets out the information regarding 
consent to use the Base Prospectus and selling 
restrictions. 
Definitions 
and 
interpretation 
181 
This section sets out the definitions that apply 
throughout this Prospectus. 
Directors, 
Secretary 
and 
Advisers 
192 
This section sets out the names and addresses of the 
entities which provide services and legal advice to the 
Issuer.

--- Page 6 ---
3 
 
General description of the Programme 
 
The following overview of the Programme and the Digital Securities does not purport to be complete 
and is subject to and qualified by the detailed information contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and in the Final Terms in respect of each Class of Digital Securities. Words and expressions not defined 
in this overview shall have the meanings given to them elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
 
Description of the Programme  
 
Pursuant to this Programme, the Issuer may issue Digital Securities providing exposure to a single 
Digital Asset, to a range of Digital Assets or to an index linked to Digital Assets. 
 
Issuer 
Valour Digital Securities Limited (the Issuer) is a special 
purpose vehicle incorporated as a public limited liability 
company under the laws of Jersey under registration number 
144021, and with its registered office at 28 Esplanade, St Helier, 
JE2 3QA and with the LEI 9845007E2COKE69C9J55.  
The Issuer is owned by the charitable trust VLR Charitable Trust 
in Jersey. 
The Programme 
In April 2023, the Issuer established an exchange traded 
products programme to issue the different classes of Digital 
Securities.  The Final Terms relating to each series of each Class 
of Digital Securities will specify the detailed terms applicable to 
such Class of Digital Securities. 
The Digital Securities will be un-dated, non-interest bearing 
debt obligations of the Issuer and will not be guaranteed by, or 
be the responsibility of, any other entity. 
Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish 
Financial Supervisory Authority Finansinspektionen (the 
“SFSA”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The SFSA only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the 
securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Digital Securities. 
The Base Prospectus permits an offer of Digital Securities to the 
public in Sweden and/or an admission to trading of Digital 
Securities on a regulated market or any other marketplace, such 
as a multilateral trading facility (MTF) in Sweden. The Issuer 
may request the SFSA to notify the approval of the Base 
Prospectus to other EEA Member States in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation for the purposes of making a public offer 
in such Member States or for admission to trading of all or a 
series of Digital Securities on a regulated market therein.  As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has asked/intends to

--- Page 7 ---
4 
 
ask the SFSA to notify approval of the Base Prospectus to 
competent authorities in Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Czech 
Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, 
Ireland, Italy, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, 
Norway, 
Malta, 
Poland, 
Portugal, 
Romania, 
Slovakia and Spain. The Issuer may request the SFSA to notify 
the approval of the Base Prospectus to other EEA Member 
States in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation for the 
purposes of making a public offer in such Member States and/or 
for admission to trading of any class of Digital Securities on a 
regulated market therein. 
In addition, the Issuer may decide to register this Base 
Prospectus in Switzerland with the reviewing body SIX 
Exchange Regulation AG or another FINMA approved 
reviewing body, as a foreign prospectus that is also deemed to 
be approved in Switzerland pursuant to Article 54 paragraph 2 
FinSA, for the purposes of making a public offer of Digital 
Securities in Switzerland or admission to trading of all or a 
series of Digital Securities on a regulated stock exchange in 
Switzerland.  
Warning regarding expiry and 
supplement(s) 
Investors should note that this Base Prospectus will expire on 
5 April 2024. The Issuer shall prepare a supplement (each, a 
“Supplement”) to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base 
prospectus if there is a significant change affecting any matter 
contained in this Base Prospectus or a significant new matter 
arises, the inclusion of information in respect of which would 
have been so required if it had arisen when this Base Prospectus 
was prepared and/or pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. The obligation to supplement a prospectus in the 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies does not apply when a prospectus is no longer 
valid. 
Transaction Structure 
The Issuer has established a programme under which different 
classes of collateralised Digital Securities related to any one of 
124 underlying Digital Currencies, to a “basket” comprising two 
or more of such Digital Currencies or to an Index linked to 
Digital Currencies may be issued from time to time. The Digital 
Securities are designed to offer investors a means of investing 
in Digital Currencies without having to acquire Digital Assets 
themselves and to enable investors to buy and sell that interest 
through the trading of a security on a stock exchange. 
Each Class may comprise one or more tranches (each, a 
“Tranche”) issued on identical terms other than the Issue Date 
and Issue Price per Digital Security and with the Digital 
Securities of each Tranche of a Class being interchangeable with 
all other Digital Securities of that Class.  
A Digital Security is an undated secured limited recourse debt 
obligation of the Issuer, which ranks equally with all other 
Digital Securities of the same Class.  Security Holders only have

--- Page 8 ---
5 
 
recourse to the assets of the class of Digital Security of which 
they are a Security Holder.  If the net proceeds are insufficient 
for the Issuer to make all payments due, neither the Trustee nor 
any person acting on behalf of the Trustee will be entitled to take 
any further steps against the Issuer, and no debt shall be owed 
by the Issuer in respect of such further sum. 
Trustee 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Custodians 
Komainu (Jersey) Limited, Copper Technologies (Switzerland) 
AG, and/or any other custodian specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Issuer will only appoint Custodians 
that are reputable financial services companies subject to the 
appropriate regulation in one or more of (i) a member state of 
the European Union, (ii) Jersey, (iii) the United Kingdom, and 
(iv) any another jurisdiction that is not a country or territory 
identified as presenting higher risks in the AML/CFT Handbook 
for regulated financial services business published by the Jersey 
Financial Services Commission from time to time, experienced 
in holding assets that are similar to the underlying cryptoassets. 
Administrator 
JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited, and/or any other 
administrator appointed from time to time by the Issuer.  
Authorised Participants 
Goldenberg Hehmeyer LLP, Jane Street Financial Ltd, ICF 
Bank AG, and/or any other persons appointed as Authorised 
Participant from time to time by the Issuer.  
The Issuer may appoint additional Authorised Participants. 
Only an Authorised Participant may engage in creation or 
redemption transactions directly with the Issuer (other than in 
limited circumstances). The Issuer reserves the right to change 
any individual firm or to increase or decrease the number of 
Authorised Participants.  
Market Maker(s) 
The market maker(s) specified as Market Maker(s) in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Index Calculation Agent 
If applicable, the index calculation agent specified as the Index 
Calculation Agent in the Final Terms. 
Index Administrator 
Each Index will constitute a benchmark subject to Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 
Regulation (the Benchmark Regulation). Each Index will be 
administered by an administrator included in the register 
referred to in Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. 
Invierno AB (“Vinter”), Reg. No. 559207-4172, Box 5193, 
10244 Stockholm, Sweden is the benchmark administrator of 
the Vinter Valour benchmark family and the central recipient of

--- Page 9 ---
6 
 
input data with the ability to evaluate the integrity and accuracy 
of input data on a consistent basis. 
Open Ended Structure 
It is intended that the Digital Securities of each Class shall be 
subject to a continual issuance and redemption mechanism, 
under which additional Digital Securities of such Class may be 
issued, and Digital Securities may be redeemed by Authorised 
Participants.  
Terms and Conditions of the 
Digital Securities 
Each Class of Digital Securities will have the terms and 
conditions set out in the section of this Base Prospectus headed 
“Trust Instrument and Conditions”, as completed by the Final 
Terms in respect of each Tranche of that Class. 
Interest 
The Digital Securities do not bear interest. 
Underlying Assets 
The underlying assets for the Digital Securities of each class, by 
which they are backed and on which they are secured, comprise 
private keys evidencing ownership of Digital Currencies. These 
private keys are held in the name of the Issuer in secure vaults 
at the premises of the relevant Custodian and are not fungible 
with other Digital Assets held by the relevant Custodian. 
The Digital Securities will have Digital Currencies as the 
underlying exposure. Such exposure may consist of one of the 
following:  
(i) 
Single Digital Currency: each Class of Digital 
Securities of this category (Individual Securities) 
provides exposure to a single type of Digital 
Currency, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
Basket of Digital Currencies: each Class of Digital 
Securities of this category (Basket Securities) 
provides exposure to two or more types of Digital 
Currency in the form of a (generally) static basket 
of Digital Currencies, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
Index consisting of Digital Currencies: each Class 
of Digital Securities of this category (Index 
Securities) provides exposure to two or more types 
of Digital Currency comprising the constituents of 
a single Index, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
Security 
The Digital Securities are constituted under the Trust 
Instrument. The Trustee holds all rights and entitlements under 
the Trust Instrument on trust for Security Holders. In addition, 
the Issuer and the Trustee have entered into a single Security 
Deed in respect of all Pools. The rights and entitlements held by 
the Trustee under the Security Deed, to the extent attributable to 
a Pool, are held by the Trustee on trust for the Security Holders 
of that particular class of Security. Under the terms of the 
Security Deed, the Issuer has charged to the Trustee for the

--- Page 10 ---
7 
 
benefit of the Trustee and the relevant Security Holders by way 
of first fixed charge the Digital Currencies held in the Custody 
Account attributable to the relevant class of Security and all 
rights of the Issuer in respect of the Custody Accounts to the 
extent attributable to the relevant Pool. The Issuer has also, 
under the terms of the Security Deed, assigned to the Trustee by 
way of security the contractual rights of the Issuer relating to 
such class under the Custody Agreements and has granted a 
first-ranking floating charge in favour of the Trustee over all of 
the Issuer’s rights in relation to the Secured Property attributable 
to the applicable Pool, including but not limited to its rights 
under the Custody Agreements and the Custody Accounts 
attributable to that Pool. 
Redemption 
An Authorised Participant has the right, at any time, to require 
the redemption of all or any of its Digital Securities for the 
aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement in Digital Currency of the 
Underlying Type (or, in the cases of Basket Securities and Index 
Securities, of each relevant Underlying Type) of the Digital 
Securities the subject of that redemption (in accordance with the 
terms for redemption of Digital Securities). 
Investors other than Authorised Participants can buy and sell 
Digital Securities on the secondary market or in private 
transactions (or, in certain circumstances, request a direct 
redemption from the Issuer, for either the relevant Digital 
Currency or cash.) 
Events of Default  
Events of Default in respect of a class of Digital Security 
comprise: 
(i) 
Failure by the Issuer to pay any sum or deliver any 
Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement or 
Index Entitlement (as the case may be) due in 
respect of any Digital Security of that class for a 
period of 14 calendar days or more; 
(ii) 
Failure of the Issuer to perform or comply with any 
one or more of its obligations (other than a payment 
or delivery obligation) under that class of Digital 
Securities, the Trust Instrument, any other 
Programme Document or the Security Deed, which 
default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion 
of the Trustee capable of remedy, is not remedied 
within 30 calendar days (or such longer period as 
the Trustee may permit) after notice of such default 
shall have been given to the Issuer by the Trustee 
(and, for these purposes, a failure to perform or 
comply with an obligation shall be deemed to be 
remediable notwithstanding that the failure results 
from not doing an act or thing by a particular time), 
provided that if the Issuer has in respect of such 
default made a Breach Redemption Request under

--- Page 11 ---
8 
 
Condition 14.2, then such default shall not be an 
Event of Default 
(iii) 
Resignation or termination of the Determination 
Agent and failure to appoint any successor 
Determination Agent; or 
(iv) 
Termination of any Custody Agreement in respect 
of that class of Digital Securities is terminated and 
immediately upon such termination taking effect 
there is no Custodian that has been appointed with 
respect to such class of Digital Securities. 
Issuer Insolvency Event 
If an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing, 
the Trustee at any time, (i) may at its discretion, or (ii) shall if 
so directed in writing by Security Holders holding not less than 
25 per cent. by Principal Amount of the Digital Securities (as a 
whole) then outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
the Security Holders (as a single resolution of the holders of all 
Digital Securities as though all Digital Securities constituted a 
single class), provided in each case the Trustee has first been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction, 
give notice to the Issuer and by RIS announcement to the 
Security Holders that all the Digital Securities outstanding are 
to be Redeemed compulsorily and specifying a Business Day 
(falling not less than two Business Days from the giving of such 
notice) to be a Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of such 
Digital Securities. 
Obligations of the Issuer 
The Digital Securities will be obligations solely of the Issuer. 
Governing Law of the Digital 
Securities 
The Trust Instrument and the Digital Securities constituted 
thereunder are governed by and shall be construed in accordance 
with laws of Jersey. 
The Security Deed is governed by and shall be construed in 
accordance with the laws of England and Wales.  
Listing and Admission to 
Trading 
The Issuer intends to apply for one or more Classes of Digital 
Securities issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market or any other marketplace, such as a MTF, 
in Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, 
Finland, 
France, 
Germany, 
Hungary, 
Ireland, 
Italy, 
Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Malta, 
Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Spain and Sweden and, 
subject to completion of relevant notification measures, any 
other Member State within the EEA and, subject to completion 
of the relevant approval measures, in Switzerland. 
Selling 
and 
Transfer 
Restrictions 
Save for the approval of this Base Prospectus by the SFSA 
which allows for a public offering of the Digital Securities in 
Sweden and any notification of the approval to other EEA 
Member States in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation 
for the purposes of making a public offer in such Member States, 
no action has been or will be taken by the Issuer that would

--- Page 12 ---
9 
 
permit a public offering of any Digital Securities or possession 
or distribution of any offering material in relation to any Digital 
Securities in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. No offers, sales, resales, or deliveries of any Digital 
Securities or distribution of any offering material relating to any 
Digital Securities may be made in or from any jurisdiction 
except in circumstances which will result in compliance with 
any applicable laws and regulations, and which will not impose 
any obligation on the Issuer. 
Without limiting the generality of the forgoing, the Digital 
Securities have not been and will not be registered under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or 
with any securities regulatory authority of any State or other 
jurisdiction of the United States and (i) may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States to, or for the account or 
benefit of U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S (Regulation 
S) under the Securities Act), except pursuant to an exemption 
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities 
laws and (ii) may be offered, sold or otherwise delivered at any 
time only to transferees that are Non-United States Persons (as 
defined by the U.S. Commodities Futures Trading Commission 
(CFTC)). 
Consent to use this Prospectus 
If so specified in the Final Terms in respect of any particular 
Class of Digital Securities, the Issuer consents to the use of this 
Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer (i) by the 
financial intermediary/ies (each, an "Authorised Participant"), 
(ii) during the offer period and (iii) subject to the relevant 
conditions, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
As at the date of this Prospectus no Authorised Participant has 
been designated so by the Issuer. 
Settlement 
A Class of Digital Securities may, subject to all applicable legal 
and regulatory requirements, only be issued in uncertificated 
book-entry form and will be issued in Tranches.  
The Digital Securities may also be cleared and settled through 
the dematerialised book-entry registration system and clearing 
system operated by the relevant clearing system in the UK 
(Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (Crest)) or through such other 
operator specified in the Final Terms. 
In Switzerland, all Digital Securities traded on the SIX Swiss 
Exchange will be settled through SIX SIS AG, Olten, 
Switzerland and any additional clearing system approved by the 
SIX Swiss Exchange AG, Zurich, Switzerland. Once the Digital 
Securities are registered with and entered into the main register 
of SIX SIS AG and entered in the securities account of one or 
more participants, the Digital Securities will qualify as 
intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) within the meaning of 
the Federal Act on Intermediated Digital Securities.

--- Page 13 ---
10 
 
Investors to Make Their Own 
Assessment 
Prospective Security Holders may wish to obtain their own 
independent accounting, tax and legal advice and may wish to 
consult their own professional investment advisers to ascertain 
the suitability of Digital Securities as an investment. Prospective 
Security Holders may wish to conduct such independent 
investigation and analysis regarding the risks, security 
arrangements, delivery processes and cash-flows associated 
with Digital Securities as they deem appropriate, in order to 
evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the Digital 
Securities. 
No Investment Advice 
Nothing in this Base Prospectus is intended as, constitutes nor 
should it be relied upon as investment advice. 
Forward Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking 
statements and information relating to the Issuer and its 
affiliates that are based on the current expectations, estimates, 
plans, strategic aims, vision statements, and projections of the 
Issuer's management and information currently available to the 
Issuer. 
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown 
risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause the actual 
results of operations, financial condition, performance or 
achievements of the Issuer and/or its affiliates to be materially 
different from any future results, financial condition, 
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. Terms and phrases such as “will”, 
“believe”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “intend”, “plan”, “predict”, 
“estimate”, “project”, “target”, “assume”, “may” and “could”, 
and variations of these words and similar expressions, are 
intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the 
exclusive means of identifying such statements. 
The Issuer does not have an obligation to update any forward-
looking statement, even if new information, future events or 
other circumstances have made them incorrect or misleading. 
No STS notification 
While the Issuer is established as a special purpose company for 
issuing the Digital Securities backed by the Underlying Assets 
as described in this Prospectus, no notification has been or is 
intended to be, communicated to ESMA in relation to the 
‘Simple, Transparent, and Standardised’ (STS) criteria set out 
in the Securitisation Regulation (EU) 2017/2402.

--- Page 14 ---
11 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in Digital Securities involves a significant degree of risk. 
This section contains a number of selected risk factors, both risks pertaining to the Issuer and pertaining 
to the Digital Securities. The risk factors are presented in categories. Where a risk factor may be 
categorised in more than one category, such risk factor appears only once and in the most relevant 
category for such risk factor. The assessment of materiality of each risk factor is based on the probability 
of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their adverse impact is disclosed by rating the 
relevant risk as low, medium or high. Prospective investors should note that the materiality of each risk 
factor associated with the underlying exposure, is dependent on the particular asset(s) constituting the 
underlying exposure for the individual Class of Digital Securities as stated in the Final Terms applicable 
to such Class and, consequently, may differ between different Classes of Digital Securities. 
The Issuer believes that the factors relating to the Issuer, its industry and the Digital Securities set out 
below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Digital Securities. All of these risk factors 
are risks which may or may not occur. 
A Security Holder may lose the value of their entire investment or part of its investment in Digital 
Securities. 
A Security Holder may also lose some or the entire value of its investment or part of its investment in 
Digital Securities for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based 
on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Risk factors relating to the Issuer 
Dependency on the developments of the digital assets sector 
At the moment, the focus of the Issuer's business activities is the issuance of exchange traded products. 
As a consequence, industry wide events having a negative impact on digital assets will constitute risks 
specific to the Issuer as it has no other business activities. Many of the digital asset protocols are based 
on open source software which results in a permanent process of evolution which could mean that the 
Issuer may, at some stage in the future, not be able to adapt to such changed circumstances which would 
have a negative effect on the Issuer and its ability to carry out its business. Perception as well as trust in 
digital assets may suddenly shift which could lead to a decreased ability for the Issuer to access its digital 
assets at the cryptocurrency exchanges where it holds some of its cash or coins. Similarly, the Issuer is 
exposed to the risk that any of its counterparties does not fulfil their obligations which could have a 
negative effect on its business and its financial position if the risk occurs.  
Risk Rating: High 
Competition 
There are several other issuers that have listed similar tracker-products in various forms and markets. If 
the Issuer fails to compete successfully with such competitors or if the competition would increase 
significantly by new market entrants, such development may seriously impact the profitability and 
creditworthiness of the Issuer. 
Risk Rating: Medium

--- Page 15 ---
12 
 
Risks related to the short business history and limited business objective of the Issuer 
The Issuer was formed on 29 June 2022 under the name “Valour Digital Securities Limited”, as a private 
limited company for the sole purpose of issuing exchange traded products. There is a risk that the Issuer 
will not be successful in its issue of exchange traded products, which in turn will impact the Issuer’s 
profitability. If the Issuer becomes unsuccessful in the issuance of exchange traded products, the Issuer 
may cease its business activities as issuer or ultimately may become insolvent. 
Risk Rating: Low 
Operational risk 
Operational risks are risks relating to losses which the Issuer may encounter on grounds of incorrect or 
insufficient systems and controls, human error as well as legal risks. Operational complexity exists, in 
particular, around creation and redemption and the con-current management of flow of Digital Assets.  
The occurrence of such operational risks, in particular those around creation and redemption, may 
adversely affect liquidity in the ETPs and/or, may adversely affect the Issuer’s reputation and operating 
results and/or its ability to continue offering the Digital Securities. 
Risk Rating: Low 
Risk of conflicts of interest 
Save as set out below, none of the members of the Board of Directors has a private interest or other 
duties resulting from their directorship of other companies, enterprises, undertakings or otherwise, that 
may be in conflict with the interests of the Issuer. 
Johan Wattenstroem is the Founder and Board Director of Valour Inc. Valour Inc. will act as Arranger, 
Staking Agent and Digital Assets Sales Agent in relation to the Digital Securities. As a service provider 
Valour Inc. may act in different capacities in respect of a particular Class of the Digital Securities. 
Accordingly, the role of a provider may give rise to conflicts of interest, which are adverse to the 
interests of Security Holders. 
Risk Rating: Low 
Litigation Risks 
The Issuer is not currently, but may become, involved in litigation, regulatory and arbitration 
proceedings from time to time, with investors, regulatory authorities or other claimants. Even if the 
Issuer is successful in defending such proceedings or resolves any claims to the satisfaction of the parties 
involved, and whether covered by insurance or otherwise, the Issuer may suffer from the distraction of 
management resources to such proceedings, or incur costs and possibly face harm to its reputation from 
case related publicity. The Issuer’s involvement in such proceedings or settlements may have a material 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Risk factors relating to the Digital Securities 
Risk factors related to Indices with a leverage feature 
Due to the leverage feature of certain indices, an investment in Digital Securities linked to such indices 
is more speculative than a direct investment in the Digital Assets, and an investor could lose up to the 
entire value of its investment. The Digital Securities enable investors to participate in any gains or falls

--- Page 16 ---
13 
 
in the value of the Digital Assets by investing only part of the value of the Digital Assets with the 
remaining portion financed via the index methodology and indirectly any hedging arrangements of the 
Issuer. This creates leverage. The higher the leverage, the more sensitive the relevant Digital Securities 
will be to any changes in the value of the Digital Assets. Due to the leverage feature, an investment will 
be more exposed than otherwise to the performance of the Digital Assets, and depending on the degree 
of leverage, even a relatively small change in the value of the Digital Assets could cause an investor to 
lose some and up to all of its investment. 
Risk Rating: High. 
Risk factors relating to Baskets of Digital Assets 
Correlation of basket constituents indicates the level of interdependence among the individual basket 
constituents with respect to their performance. If, for example, all of the basket constituents originate 
from the same sector and the same country or region, a high positive correlation may generally be 
assumed. Past rates of correlation may not be determinative of future rates of correlation. Although 
basket constituents may not appear to be correlated based on past performance, it may be that they suffer 
the same adverse performance following a general downturn or other economic or political event. Where 
the basket constituents are subject to high correlation, any move in the performance of the basket 
constituents will exaggerate the performance of the Digital Securities, and this could have a highly 
negative (or positive) impact on the value of and return on the Digital Securities. 
Depending on the particular terms of the Digital Securities, even in the case of a positive performance 
of one or more basket constituents, the performance of the basket as a whole may be negative if the 
performance of one or more of the other basket constituents is negative to a greater extent. In such case, 
the negative performance of one or more basket constituents could have a negative impact on the value 
of and return on your Digital Securities. 
The performance of a basket that includes a fewer number of basket constituents will generally, subject 
to the terms and conditions of the relevant Digital Securities, be more affected by changes in the value 
of any particular basket constituent included therein than a basket that includes a greater number of 
basket constituents.  
The performance of a basket that gives greater weight to some basket constituents will generally, subject 
to the particular terms of the Digital Securities, be more affected by changes in the value of any such 
particular basket constituent included therein than a basket that gives relatively equal weight to each 
basket constituent.  
Accordingly, if there are only a few Digital Assets and/or their weighting is not equal, the negative 
performance of only one (or only a few) Digital Asset(s) could have a disproportionate impact on the 
value of and return on the Digital Securities. 
Where the Digital Securities grant the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer the right, in certain 
circumstances, to adjust the composition of the basket, you should be aware that any replacement basket 
constituent may perform differently from the original basket constituent, which may have an adverse 
effect on the performance of the basket and a negative impact on the value of and return on the Digital 
Securities. 
Risk Rating: Medium 
Risk factors relating to Indices 
Indices are comprised of a synthetic portfolio of Digital Assets, and as such, the performance of an Index 
is dependent factors relating to the Digital Assets or other components that comprise such Index, which

--- Page 17 ---
14 
 
may include interest and price levels on the capital markets, currency developments, political factors 
and (in the case of shares) Digital Asset-specific factors. Any one or a combination of such factors could 
adversely affect the performance of the relevant Index which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on 
the value of and return on your Digital Securities. 
The sponsor of any Index may add, delete or substitute the components of such Index or make other 
methodological changes that could change the level of one or more components. The changing of 
components of any Index may affect the level of such Index as a newly added component may perform 
significantly worse or better than the component it replaces, which in turn may affect the payments made 
by the Issuer to you under the Digital Securities. The sponsor of any such Index may also alter, 
discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of such Index. The sponsor of an Index will have 
no involvement in the offer and sale of the Digital Securities and will have no obligation to any Holder 
of Digital Securities. The sponsor of an Index may take any actions in respect of such Index without 
regard to the interests of the Holders of Digital Securities, and any of these actions could have a material 
adverse impact on the value of and return on the Digital Securities. 
The Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer has discretionary authority under the terms and conditions of 
the Digital Securities to make certain determinations and adjustments following an Index Modification 
(broadly, changes in the methodology of the Index), Index Cancellation (permanent cancellation of the 
Index) and Index Disruption (failure to calculate and publish the level of the Index). The Calculation 
Agent and/or the Issuer may determine that the consequence of any such event is to make adjustments 
to the Digital Securities, or to replace such Index with another or to cause early redemption of the Digital 
Securities. The Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer may (subject to the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Digital Securities) also amend the relevant Index level due to corrections in the level reported 
by the Benchmark Administrator. Any such determination may have a negative adverse effect on the 
value of and return on the Digital Securities. 
Risk Rating: Medium 
Risk factors related to the type of Index 
The rules governing the composition and calculation of the relevant Index may stipulate that dividends 
paid on its components are included in the calculation of the index level (a "total return" index) or are 
not included in the calculation of the index level (a "price return" index). 
Where the relevant Digital Securities are linked to a "price return" index, holders of such Digital 
Securities will not participate in dividends paid on the components comprising the Index. As a result, 
holders of such Digital Securities linked to such Index would lose the benefit of any dividends paid by 
the components of the Index and such Digital Securities may not perform as well as a position where 
such holder had invested directly in such components or where they invested in a "total return" version 
of the Index, or in another product.  
In the case of Digital Securities linked to a "total return" index, net dividends (in the case of a "net total 
return" index) or gross dividends (in the case of a "gross total return" index) paid on its components are 
included in the calculation of the index level. In the case of a "net total return" index, dividends paid on 
its components may not be fully reinvested in the Index and accordingly, holders of such Digital 
Securities may receive a lower return on Digital Securities linked to such Index than such holder would 
have received if such holders had invested in the components of such Index directly or in another 
product. 
If the Index has a "decrement" feature, the return on such Index will be calculated by reinvesting net 
dividends or gross dividends (depending on the type and rules of such Index) paid by its components

--- Page 18 ---
15 
 
and by subtracting on a daily basis a pre-defined amount (a "Synthetic Dividend"). The Synthetic 
Dividend may be defined as a percentage of the index level or as a fixed number of index points. 
Investors should note that any of the following factors, where applicable, could adversely affect the 
value of and return on Digital Securities linked to a "decrement" index: 
• 
An Index with a "decrement" feature will underperform a "total return" index that is used as a 
base index to calculate such Index since the latter is calculated without the deduction of a 
Synthetic Dividend. Similarly, where such Index tracks the performance of a single component 
security, the Index will underperform a direct investment in such component security as such 
investment would benefit from dividends paid by the component security without the deduction 
of a Synthetic Dividend. 
• 
An Index with a "decrement" feature will underperform the corresponding "price return" index if 
the amount of dividends paid by the components of such Index is less than the amount of the 
Synthetic Dividend deducted. Where such Index tracks the performance of a single component 
security, the Index will underperform a direct investment in such component security as such 
investment would benefit from dividends paid by the component security without the deduction 
of a Synthetic Dividend. 
• 
Where the Synthetic Dividend is defined as a fixed number of index points (as opposed to a 
percentage of the index level), the Synthetic Dividend yield (calculated as the ratio of the fixed 
index point decrement to the relevant decrement index level) will increase in a falling equities 
market as the Synthetic Dividend is a fixed amount. In such scenario, the fixed deduction will 
have a greater negative impact on the index level of the relevant Index than if the Synthetic 
Dividend was defined as a percentage of the index level. It is even possible that in a steeply falling 
market scenario the index level could become negative, since the amount of decrement expressed 
in index points will not vary with the level of the decrement index. 
Risk Rating: Medium. 
Currency risk 
The Digital Securities are denominated in either EUR, SEK or US Dollar and most trading in Digital 
Assets occurs in US Dollars. The volatility of the US Dollar may therefore have an impact on the prices 
provided in the secondary market for currencies other than the US Dollar. Any investor whose trading 
is denominated in such currencies may therefore see the market value of the Digital Securities affected 
by fluctuations in the value of the US Dollar as well as the price of the underlying Digital Securities. 
Risk Rating: Low 
De-listing 
Although the Digital Securities will be admitted to trading on one or more exchanges, there is a risk that 
the Issuer may not succeed in maintaining this status for the Digital Securities of any class. If one or 
more regulated markets decides that the Digital Securities of any class should no longer remain admitted 
to trading, regardless of whether this is due to circumstances assignable to the Issuer, the Digital 
Securities, the relevant Digital Assets, the Market Maker(s) and/or changed rules or any other reason, 
there is a risk that the Issuer will not succeed in having the Digital Securities of such class admitted to 
trading on another regulated market or other stock exchange or market.

--- Page 19 ---
16 
 
Such a course of events would probably worsen the liquidity, disposal opportunities and the market 
value for the Digital Securities of such class and thus create risks of losses for investors. If a delisting 
were to occur and no other listing obtained within an appropriate time frame, the Issuer may be required 
to exercise its right to redeem the Digital Securities early. Such early Redemption will only occur 
following a notice period and investors risk that the market price and liquidity on the secondary market 
as well as the final settlement amount are negatively impacted in such a scenario. 
Risk Rating: Low 
Trading Hours 
The Digital Securities will trade only during regular trading hours on the Relevant Stock Exchange on 
which they are listed or traded. The relevant Underlying Assets may trade on exchanges which operate 
globally, 24 hours, seven days a week. To the extent that any Relevant Stock Exchange is closed while 
the markets for the Underlying Assets remain      open, significant price movements may take place at a 
time during which an investor in the Digital Securities may not be able to trade. This may limit Security 
Holders’ ability to react to price movements or volatility in the markets for the relevant Underlying 
Asset. Additionally, Security Holders will not be able to sell or redeem Digital Securities until the 
Relevant Stock Exchange is open for trading. In these circumstances, a Security Holder may suffer a 
loss if the cash value of the Digital Securities at that time is less than it would otherwise have been if 
sold or Redeemed at a time when the Relevant Stock Exchange was closed but other markets in 
Underlying Assets remained open. 
Risk Rating: Medium 
Security Holder directions 
The Conditions of the Digital Securities permit the holders of 25 per cent. or more (by Principal Amount) 
of the outstanding affected Digital Securities following the occurrence of (i) an Issuer Insolvency Event 
or (ii) an Agency Agreement Default to direct the Trustee to take proceedings against or in relation to 
the to enforce any obligations of the Issuer under the Trust Instrument and the security constituted by 
the Security Deed in respect of all outstanding and affected Digital Securities. The Trustee will not 
however be obliged to take any step or action or to act in accordance with any such direction unless the 
Trustee has been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
Consequently, an investment in Digital Securities may be redeemed earlier than desired by a Security 
Holder and on short notice. In these circumstances, a Security Holder may suffer a loss if the 
Redemption Amount of the Digital Securities at that time is less than it would otherwise have been if 
redeemed on a day chosen by the Security Holder. 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Risk factors relating to redemption and enforcement 
Compulsory Redemption 
The Digital Securities may be compulsorily redeemed at the Issuer’s election in accordance with the 
Conditions. Redemption at the Issuer’s election may cause the Digital Securities to be Redeemed when 
the value of the Digital Securities is lower than the purchase price of the Digital Securities. This may 
cause investors to lose part or all of their investments. 
Risk Rating: Low

--- Page 20 ---
17 
 
Credit risk on third parties in relation to Cash Redemption 
In the case of a Redemption to be effected by Cash Settlement, the Issuer will instruct the Digital Asset 
Sales Agent to sell on its behalf the aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement of the Digital Securities being 
redeemed. The Digital Asset Sales Agency Agreement does not require the Digital Asset Sales Agent 
to sell the Digital Assets composed in the Digital Asset Entitlement to a party to any Programme 
Document or to a person that meets any particular requirements or to sell such Digital Assets on any 
particular terms. There is no requirement under the Programme to require the counterparty to any such 
sale to grant any security or provide any collateral in respect of the obligations it owes to the Issuer in 
respect of the sale. There may be circumstances in which such counterparty fails to perform its 
obligations under such sale and fails to pay the consideration for the purchase of the Digital Assets to 
the Issuer. The Issuer will to the extent practicable procure the assignment to the redeeming Security 
Holder of its claims against such counterparty in respect of the redeeming Security Holder’s share in the 
proceeds of the sale of such Digital Assets that has not been paid, but it may not be practicable to assign 
such claims and such claims may be of little or no value. As a result, the failure of a counterparty to pay 
such proceeds to the Issuer may result in the Security Holder losing all of its investment. 
Risk Rating: Low 
Timing of settlement of Redemptions and Compulsory Redemptions 
The Conditions of the Programme grant the Issuer discretion as to the exact timing of Redemptions and 
Compulsory Redemptions of Digital Securities. This reflects that there is no set timescale for the 
settlement of transactions in Digital Securities. This means that there is no certainty that a holder of 
Digital Securities will receive settlement of a Redemption or Compulsory Redemption on any particular 
date. 
Risk Rating: Low 
No Recourse except to the Issuer and the Secured Property 
The Issuer is a special purpose company established for the purpose of issuing exchange traded products 
(ETPs) as asset backed securities. Any claims made against the Issuer will be satisfied in order of the 
priority of payments further details of which are set out in Condition 15 (Application of Moneys) as set 
out in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and Conditions). Claims for all amounts due to the Trustee and to 
payment of any remuneration and expense of any receiver and the costs of realisations of the security 
will rank above those of investors. If the net proceeds from the enforcement of the Secured Property in 
respect of a particular Pool, following enforcement of the Security Deed in respect of that Pool, are not 
sufficient to meet all obligations and make all payments then due in respect of the Digital Securities of 
that class, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of such Digital Securities of that class will be limited 
to the net proceeds of realisation of that Secured Property (following satisfaction of prior ranking 
claims). In such circumstances the assets (if any) of the Issuer other than those attributable to the relevant 
Pool will not be available to meet any shortfall, the rights of the relevant Security Holders to receive 
any further amounts in respect of such obligations will be extinguished and none of the Security Holders 
or the Trustee may take any further action to recover such amounts. In these circumstances a Security 
Holder will suffer a loss as they cannot realise the full value of their investment. 
Risk Rating: Low 
Limited Enforcement Rights 
The Trustee may enforce the Security at its discretion but is only required to enforce the Security on 
behalf of a Security Holder if it is directed to do so: 
(a) by a Security Holder to whom a Delivery Default is owed; or

--- Page 21 ---
18 
 
(b) if an insolvency event in relation to the Issuer or an Agency Agreement Default has occurred 
and is continuing, (i) in writing by Security Holders holding not less than 25 per cent. by 
Principal Amount (as at the date of the last signature) of the Digital Securities (as a whole) then 
outstanding, or (ii) by an Extraordinary Resolution, 
in each case provided that the Trustee will not however be obliged to take any step or action or to act in 
accordance with any such direction unless the Trustee has been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-
funded to its satisfaction. In circumstances where the Trustee is not obliged to enforce the Security, a 
Security Holder will have no right to proceed directly against the Issuer and may therefore not be able 
to realise the value of their investment. 
Risk Rating: Low 
Administration and Winding-Up Proceedings in England and stays 
Under Section 426 of the Insolvency Act 1986, the English Courts may, if requested by a Court in a 
“relevant country or territory” (including Jersey), make an administration or winding up order in respect 
of a foreign company, such as the Issuer. 
Furthermore, under the European Insolvency Regulations (No.1346/2000) as it applies in the United 
Kingdom (“EIR”) main insolvency proceedings (including administration and liquidation) can be 
opened if the centre of main interests of the Issuer is considered to be in England, or winding up 
proceedings (liquidation) may be opened if the Issuer has an establishment (as defined in the EIR) in 
England. 
If the Issuer were placed in administration in England, the effect would be that during the period of 
administration, the affairs, business and property of the Issuer would be managed by a person known as 
an administrator and this could affect the ability of a Security Holder to redeem their Digital Securities 
at a time of their choosing, which could mean a delay in the return of the Underlying Assets to Security 
Holders and a loss if the value of the Underlying Asset has reduced in the intervening period. During 
the period beginning with making an application for an administration order and ending with the making 
of such an order or the dismissal of the application, no steps could be taken to enforce the Security 
except with the leave of the Court and subject to such terms as the Court may impose. In the case of 
administration, while the Issuer remained in administration no steps could be taken to enforce the 
Security, except with the consent of the administrator or the leave of the Court and subject to such terms 
as the Court might impose. It is also open to the administrator to apply to the Court to sell property 
subject to the Security free from the Security. The administrator must however account to the Trustee 
for the proceeds of sale. 
Under the Cross-Border Insolvency Regulations 2006 a foreign insolvency representative, in this case 
the insolvency representative of the Issuer in Jersey, may apply to the English Courts, inter alia, to 
commence insolvency proceedings under English law (which could include administration) or to have 
the English Courts recognise a foreign insolvency proceeding, or to have the English Courts grant a stay 
of any enforcement of any security. If any such application were made, it could affect the ability of the 
Trustee to enforce the Security. 
If the Issuer were placed in liquidation in England, the Security could be enforced by the Trustee on 
behalf of the Security Holders. 
Risk Rating: Low

--- Page 22 ---
19 
 
Floating Charges 
Floating charges have certain weaknesses, including the following: 
(i) they have weak priority against purchasers (who are not on notice of any negative pledge 
contained in the floating charge) and the charges of the assets concerned and against lien 
holders, execution creditors and creditors with rights of set-off even if crystallised prior to the 
commencement of the winding-up; 
(ii) they rank after certain preferential creditors, such as claims of employees and certain taxes on 
winding-up; 
(iii) they rank after certain insolvency remuneration expenses and liabilities; 
(iv) the examiner of a company has certain rights to deal with the property covered by the floating 
charge; and 
(v) they rank after fixed charges. 
The ability of the Trustee to appoint an administrator under the floating charge constituted by the 
Security Deed will depend on whether, at any time of the exercise of any rights as a qualifying floating 
charge holder to appoint an administrator, that floating charge is over all or substantially all of the assets 
of the Issuer and the Issuer is a company to which the Insolvency Act 1986 applies. 
Risk Rating: Low 
Status of Digital Assets as property under English law 
Although the Security Deed purports to create a floating charge over the Digital Currency held by the 
Issuer, it also contains a provision that nothing in it is to be construed or understood to contain any 
warranty, assurance or representation on the part of the Issuer that Digital Currency constitutes a form 
of property as a matter of English law or that the security thereby purported to be created is enforceable 
against the Digital Assets held by or for the Issuer as a property right as a matter of English law. It is 
unclear what law governs the Digital Assets held by or for the Issuer and were the Trustee to seek to 
exercise its enforcement rights under the Security Deed it is unclear whether such rights would be 
enforceable. 
Risk Rating: Low 
Recognition of Security in other Jurisdictions 
The laws of certain jurisdictions may not recognise the security created by a Security Document over 
some or all of the assets comprising the Secured Property or may require that additional registration or 
perfection steps be taken in order for such security to be recognised or to rank ahead of other claims in 
respect of such assets or to be enforceable as against certain third parties and not vulnerable to being set 
aside in certain circumstances. In those circumstances, such security may not be effective in relation to 
assets deemed located in that jurisdiction, obligations governed by the laws of that jurisdiction or owing 
by a party incorporated or located in that jurisdiction and/or owing to a party not incorporated or located 
in that jurisdiction and/or such assets may be subject to claims which would otherwise rank after claims 
secured by the Security Document and/or the security over such assets may not be enforceable as against 
third parties and/or may be set aside in certain circumstances. In the event that it becomes necessary to 
enforce the security granted by a Security Document in a jurisdiction that does not recognise such 
security (or in which it has not been registered and/or perfected) there may be delays in enforcing the 
security or it may not be possible to enforce such security which could result in losses to Security 
Holders.

--- Page 23 ---
20 
 
In addition, the nature of the security granted by a Security Document over the assets comprising the 
Secured Property may be characterised differently in different jurisdictions and/or no distinction drawn 
in such jurisdictions between the various security interests created by that Security Document. This may 
result in some or all of the security granted by such Security Document ranking behind other creditors 
of the Issuer. 
Risk Rating: Low 
The claims of Security Holders are subordinated upon enforcement of the Security 
The Trustee will apply the proceeds derived from the realisation of the assets that are the subject of the 
Security Documents in the applicable order of priority set out in Condition 15 (Application of Moneys) 
as set out in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and Conditions) under which amounts due to the Security Holders 
of any class will be subordinated to amounts due to the Trustee itself and any receiver(s), in each case 
in relation to the Digital Securities of that class. 
Following the priority of payments, the security may be insufficient, and the Issuer may not be able to 
return the full amounts due to Security Holders who may suffer a loss as a result. 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Risk factors relating to the Underlying Assets (including in relation to cyber security and hacking) 
The value of a Digital Asset can change quickly and could even drop to zero 
The price of Bitcoin and other Digital Assets is volatile and may be affected by a variety of factors. 
Should demand for a Digital Asset decrease or should it fail to achieve adoption among the Digital Asset 
community or should it suffer technological or coding failures or hacks, for example, then its value 
could drop sharply and permanently, which in turn would adversely affect the price at which investors 
are able to trade the Digital Securities in the secondary markets. 
Risk Rating: High 
Valuation 
Digital Assets do not represent an underlying claim on income or profits, nor do they represent a liability 
that must be repaid. Their value is a function of the perspective of the participants within the marketplace 
(or specific, given, market place) and supply and demand. As a result, the value of Digital Assets may 
be more speculative and more volatile than traditional assets representing claims on income, or profits 
or debts. 
The speculative nature of the underlying Digital Assets can make it difficult to develop consistent 
valuation processes for the Digital Assets and thereby the Digital Securities.  Furthermore, extreme 
volatility can impact the ability of Authorised Participants and Market Makers to provide reliable, 
consistent pricing, which in turn could adversely affect the price at which investors are able to trade the 
Digital Securities in the secondary markets. 
Risk Rating: High 
Liquidity risk in the market for Digital Assets 
Exchanges for Digital Assets are not only new, but most are also unregulated. As a result, there is a risk 
of delay or failure of liquidity in the markets for Digital Assets, Market closures or liquidity failures can 
affect both the price and tradability of underlying Digital Assets and, by extension, the Digital Securities.

--- Page 24 ---
21 
 
In such an event, the price of Digital Assets may decline or be more volatile and price determination for 
a Digital Security may become more difficult. This may in turn reduce the ability of investors to trade 
the Digital Securities and/or adversely affect the price of the Digital Securities. 
Risk Rating: Medium 
Political risk in the market of Digital Assets 
The legal status of Digital Assets varies between different countries and is very much in transition. There 
exists a lack of regulatory consensus concerning the regulation of Digital Assets in Europe. Future 
regulatory or political developments could adversely affect the markets for Digital Assets, their adoption 
and ultimately their value. 
An individual investor in Digital Securities may also be exposed to changes in the regulatory and 
taxation environment, both on a personal level as well as by owning an instrument which tracks the 
performance of an underlying assets which may be subject to changes in the same. Regulatory changes 
targeting digital assets may focus on limited possibilities to invest in such assets as well as transferable 
securities linked to such assets which may impair investors’ ability to divest from an investment in the 
Digital Securities. Similarly, changes in tax regimes may provide for disincentives to invest in digital 
assets or transferable securities linked to such assets which may impair an investor net result from an 
investment in Digital Securities compared to the expected position at the time of the investment decision. 
Risk Rating: Medium 
Risk of loss of confidence in the Digital Asset protocols and their networks 
Should miners, for reasons yet unknown, cease to register completed transactions within blocks which 
have been detached from the block chain, confidence in the protocol and network will decrease, which 
will reduce the value of Digital Assets associated with that protocol. 
Since the protocols for the Digital Assets are public, the protocols can be particularly vulnerable to 
hacker attacks, which could materially damage confidence in the Digital Asset concerned and Digital 
Assets in general and adversely affect their prices. 
Errors in the protocols of Digital Assets that have larger user bases, wider adoption and more developers 
are more likely to be identified and corrected before causing significant harm. Errors for new protocols 
or those with fewer developers or lower adoption rates are more likely to face this risk. 
Should such a loss of confidence in the underlying protocol occur, the value of the associated Digital 
Assets will decrease, which in turn would affect the value of the Digital Securities. 
Risk Rating: Medium 
Risk of Liquidity in certain Proof of Stake Protocols 
Some proof of stake protocols (e.g., Polkadot) restrict transferability of Digital Assets that are 
contributed to a staking pool for a certain period. During such period, the Digital Assets remain property 
of the holder but cannot be transferred (as transfers cannot be registered on the protocol.) 
The Issuer may stake Digital Assets that are subject to such liquidity restrictions. As a result, the Issuer 
may hold Digital Assets subject to such restrictions, which in turn may hinder the Issuer in satisfying 
redemption requests. The Issuer will agree with the Staking Agent to provide a necessary liquidity bridge 
to ensure it can continue to satisfy redemption obligations while its holdings are restricted, but there can 
be no guarantee that the Staking Agent can provide such alternative liquidity.

--- Page 25 ---
22 
 
In the event the Staking Agent fails to provide such alternative liquidity, the Issuer may not be able to 
satisfy redemption requests until the liquidity restrictions are removed. Any interruption in the 
redemption process may (i) impact the ability of Authorised Participants to redeem securities in a timely 
and consistent manner, (ii) impact the ability of Market Makers on exchanges to offer reliable prices at 
reasonable bid/ask spreads and (iii) consequently adversely affect the price at which investors are able 
to trade the Digital Securities in the secondary markets. 
Risk Rating: Medium 
Development of the Digital Asset protocols 
The protocols for Digital Assets are publicly available and under development. Further development 
and acceptance of the protocols may be dependent on a number of factors. The development of any of 
these Digital Assets may be prevented or delayed, should disagreements between participants, 
developers and members of the network arise. New and improved versions of the source code will be 
“voted” in by a majority of the members of the network carrying out the changes in their nodes, meaning 
upgrading their nodes to the latest version of the code. Should a situation arise where it is not possible 
to reach a majority in the network regarding the implementation of a new version of the protocol, this 
may mean that, among other things, the improvement of that protocol’s scalability may be restrained. 
Should the development of one of the Digital Asset protocols be prevented or delayed, this may 
adversely affect the value of the Digital Asset. 
Further, if a direct compensation for the developers of the respective protocol is missing, it could lead 
to decreased incentives for continuous development of the protocols. Should these protocols not develop 
further, the value of the associated digital asset may decrease, which in turn would affect the value of 
the digital Securities. As protocols develop and mature and adoption increases among developers, this 
reduces both the probability that this risk would occur and the magnitude of the consequences of this 
risk would occur.  
The risk rating is assessed to be medium. In relation to Digital Assets with the largest market 
capitalization, the risk rating is assessed to be low in light of the large number of developers. The fewer 
active developers that participate in the development of a given Digital Asset, which is often correlated 
to a low market capitalization relative to other Digital Assets, the risk rating is instead higher and 
assessed to be at medium. 
Risk Rating: Medium 
Risk of Loss relating to Staking 
Certain proof of stake protocols impose penalties on validators who negligently validate transactions on 
the protocols. Such penalties can also be imposed due to inadvertent errors, technological problems and 
hacking. The penalties can comprise loss of rewards as well as a loss of initial Digital Assets staked. 
These penalties are commonly referred to as “slashing”. 
The Issuer may stake Digital Assets that are subject to slashing risk. The Staking Agent has agreed with 
the Issuer that it will indemnify the Issuer against any losses related to slashing. In the event of a slashing 
event, however, the Issuer will be dependent on the Staking Agent’s ability to satisfy its obligations 
under the indemnity. If the Staking Agent is unable to satisfy such obligations, the Issuer may have 
insufficient Digital Asset to satisfy its obligations to redeem Digital Securities backed by the Digital 
Asset subject to the slashing, and investors in such Digital Securities may suffer a loss. 
Risk Rating: Low

--- Page 26 ---
23 
 
Errors in the Digital Assets’ codes or protocols 
The source code of Digital Assets is public and may be downloaded and viewed by anyone. Despite 
this, there may be errors in the respective codes that may jeopardise the integrity and security of one or 
more of these networks. Should any such material errors occur, the value of the associated Digital Asset 
may decrease, which in turn would affect the value of the Digital Securities. 
Errors in the protocols of Digital Assets that have larger user bases, wider adoption and more developers 
are more likely to be identified and corrected before causing significant harm. Errors for new protocols 
or those with fewer developers or lower adoption rates are more likely to face this risk. 
Risk Rating: Low 
Risk of 51 per cent. Attacks 
Should one participant in the Network control over 50% of all capacity to verify transactions in the 
network, there is a risk that such participant will be able to verify 100% of all transactions and thus earn 
all the rewards in the network. As private keys are needed to create transactions, the participant should 
not be able to create new transactions, however, the participant may in certain circumstances delete 
recent transactions. In practice, this should be impossible to accomplish without being discovered and 
it is difficult to see a scenario in which the participant would be able to achieve a financial profit. Such 
a scenario would however be likely to materially damage confidence in the Digital Asset concerned and 
Digital Assets in general and adversely affect their prices. 
Should such a loss of confidence in the underlying protocol occur, the value of the associated Digital 
Asset will decrease, which in turn would affect the value of the Digital Securities. 
Risk Rating: Low 
Risk of ‘Cancerous’ Nodes 
This form of attack involves one or more malicious actors propagating “cancer nodes” to isolate certain 
users from the legitimate Digital Asset network. If a targeted user is surrounded by such cancer nodes 
they may be placed on a separate “network,” allowing the malicious actor(s) to relay only blocks created 
by the separate network in order to open the target to the risk of double-spending attacks or to cut them 
off from the relevant Digital Asset community entirely by not relaying any new blocks. Software 
programs exist to make such attacks more difficult to achieve through limitation of the number of 
outbound connections through which a user may be connected to the Digital Asset network. Such a 
scenario would however be likely to materially damage confidence in the Digital Asset concerned and 
Digital Assets in general and adversely affect their prices. 
Should such a loss of confidence in the underlying protocol occur, the value of the associated Digital 
Asset will decrease, which in turn would affect the value of the Digital Securities. 
Risk Rating: Low 
Risk of Double-Spending 
This form of attack involves the malicious actor(s) creating a valid new block which contains an instance 
of a double-spend transaction. The release of the new block is timed so as to be added to the relevant 
Blockchain before a target user’s legitimate transaction can be included in a block. Such attacks are 
expensive to co-ordinate and require great speed and accuracy. They are most likely to be effective 
where a transaction requires zero-confirmations. Relying on multiple confirmations is believed to be an 
effective means of defence. Adjusting a user’s software programme to connect only to other well-
connected nodes and to disable incoming connections is an additional precaution that can be taken. Such

--- Page 27 ---
24 
 
a scenario would however be likely to materially damage confidence in the Digital Asset concerned and 
Digital Assets in general and adversely affect their prices. 
Should such a loss of confidence in the underlying protocol occur, the value of the associated Digital 
Asset will decrease, which in turn would affect the value of the Digital Securities. 
Risk Rating: Low 
Amendments to a Digital Asset’s protocol and “forking” 
The discussion below is focussed on Bitcoin since a number of so-called ‘hard forks’ have occurred in 
this protocol. However, the risks exist for almost all Digital Assets. 
A group of developers known as ‘Core Developers’ are unofficially responsible for the periodic releases 
of updates to the Bitcoin Network’s source-code. Such updates are only effective if accepted by users, 
miners, wallets and bitcoin-based companies which collectively have a prescribed majority of the 
processing power on the Bitcoin Network at the relevant time. If not so accepted, a ‘fork’ in the Bitcoin 
Network will take place, with one network (and the Digital Assets associated with it) running the pre-
modification source-code and the other network (and its associated Digital Assets) running the modified 
source-code. Indeed, multiple ‘forks’ can occur simultaneously. Holders of Bitcoin before a forking 
event will technically own each of the resulting Digital Assets, which shared a common transaction 
history before the fork. Which of such resulting Digital Assets may henceforth be recognised by the 
Bitcoin community as being (the true or real) ‘Bitcoin’ can often be difficult to determine for a period 
of time following such fork. Bitcoin Exchanges have a particularly significant function to play in the 
determination in such regard. A new Digital Asset resulting from a fork may also change the speed at 
which new blocks are added to the Blockchain, which can result in a distortion of the cumulative proof 
of work which each Digital Asset has subsequent to the fork. 
‘Forks’ within the Bitcoin Network are not an uncommon occurrence and notice of a forthcoming fork 
is typically commonly obtained well in advance. The circumstances of each fork are unique and their 
relative significance varies. It is possible that a particular fork may result in a significant disruption to 
the Underlying Asset and, potentially, may result in a market disruption event should pricing become 
problematic following the fork. It is not possible to predict, with accuracy, the impact which any 
anticipated fork could have or for how long any resulting disruption may exist. 
There is a distinction to be drawn between ‘hard forks’ and ‘soft forks’. A ‘soft fork’ is a backwards-
compatible, temporary, split in the Blockchain that occurs when rules are implemented to adjust wallet 
software. The original Blockchain contains blocks from non-upgraded nodes but will also accept blocks 
generated by upgraded nodes. The new (‘forked’) Blockchain contains blocks only from upgraded 
nodes. Whether the new Blockchain survives is determined by whether the upgraded nodes reach a clear 
majority. If that is achieved, the new software rules for wallets are implemented across the entire Bitcoin 
Network (the original and new Blockchains). Any non-upgraded nodes on the original Blockchain will 
be re-hashing invalid information, generating and gaining nothing. The upgraded nodes are thereafter 
recognized as the strongest (truest) chain of events. 
In contrast, a ‘hard fork’ involves a change in a software rule, which is not backwards-compatible, and 
which results in a permanent diversion in the Blockchain from the moment when such new rules are 
implemented. Following a ‘hard fork’, both the original and new (‘forked’) Blockchains run in parallel 
to each other, each following a different set of software rules and code. Consequently, users on one 
chain will not be able to transfer its Digital Assets to the other chain. A hard fork can either increase 
value or decrease value. A hard fork can potentially cause changes to the adoption, use or confidence in 
the underlying protocol and should such a loss of confidence in the underlying protocol occur, the value 
of the associated Digital Asset will decrease, which in turn would affect the value of the Digital 
Securities.

--- Page 28 ---
25 
 
Furthermore a fork which results in the creation of a new Digital Asset presents a number of operational 
difficulties. A provider of custodian services may not have the IT-infrastructure to cater for the new 
Digital Asset and its particular characteristics. Indeed, “wallets” may also not have the requisite software 
in order to receive the new Digital Asset. The new Digital Asset(s) may not readily be sellable (indeed, 
providers of custodial services have often been keen to either not release the new Digital Asset or to do 
so only at certain, perhaps a single, moments, in order to protect the security of their custodial systems). 
If and when a sale does become possible, the degree of market activity at that time in the relevant new 
Digital Asset can have a significant suppressant effect upon its price. 
Price discovery in respect of the Digital Assets which result from a fork is not typically problematic but 
there may be an impact upon the Issuer’s creation and redemption processes (specifically, the timescales 
involved in connection therewith for transactions which have not yet settled, including transactions that 
have already been initiated) as a consequence of the foregoing operational considerations. 
Furthermore, there can be no assurance that the new protocol or Digital Asset will have adoption or use 
or have any value assigned to it by investors. 
Risk Rating: Low 
The Issuer has discretion over how to treat any new Digital Asset created by a hard fork. 
If a permanent fork were to occur with respect to an underlying Digital Currency, the Issuer could hold 
in respect of a class of Digital Securities amounts of the original and the new Digital Currency as a 
result. In that event, the Issuer will have discretion on how to handle any distribution of such new 
Underlying Currency. The Issuer could choose (i) to adjust the rights of the Digital Securities so that 
such new Digital Currency will constitute an additional underlying asset in respect of such Digital 
Securities; (ii) to sell some or all of the new Digital Currency, invest the proceeds in the original 
underlying Digital Currency and then adjust the Coin Entitlement of such Digital Securities; (iii) to 
create and distribute a new class of Digital Security with the new Digital Currency as an Underlying 
Asset; (iv) to reduce the Digital Asset Entitlement of the Digital Securities in proportion to the Digital 
Assets which have been lost or converted into or replaced by the new Digital Currency; (v) to elect not 
to receive the new Digital Currency (in which circumstances the Security Holders will not be entitled to 
receive any value therefrom); (vi) to distribute such new Digital Currency to investors on a pro rata 
basis to their holdings of Digital Securities; or (vii) to sell such new Digital Currency and distribute the 
proceeds to investors on a pro rata basis to their holdings of Digital Securities. It is uncertain whether 
the value of any such distribution would equal the change in the value of the Digital Securities resulting 
from such distribution. 
It may be necessary for the listing in any relevant class of the Digital Securities to be suspended for a 
period whilst the determination of the Digital Currency which is accepted as continuing to be the ‘true’ 
Digital Currency is undertaken. The need for any such suspension is considered to be a reflection of the 
market dynamics for the Underlying Currency, rather than a deficiency to which the Issuer is uniquely 
subject. 
It may not be possible, or desirable, for the Issuer to apply for listing of any new class of Digital 
Securities referenced to a new Digital Currency resulting from a fork. 
Consequently, a permanent fork could materially and adversely affect the value of the Digital Securities. 
Risk Rating: Low 
Risks associated with an Airdrop Event 
If an Airdrop Event were to occur with respect to an underlying Digital Asset, the Issuer could hold in 
respect of a class of Digital Securities amounts of the original and the new Digital Asset as a result. In

--- Page 29 ---
26 
 
that event, the Issuer will have discretion on how to handle any distribution of such new Underlying 
Asset. The Issuer could choose (i) to adjust the rights of the Digital Securities so that such new Digital 
Currency will constitute an additional underlying asset in respect of such Digital Securities; (ii) to sell 
some or all of the new Digital Currency, invest the proceeds in the original underlying Digital Currency 
and then adjust the Coin Entitlement of such Digital Securities; (iii) to create and distribute a new class 
of Digital Security with the new Digital Currency as an Underlying Asset; (iv) to reduce the Digital 
Asset Entitlement of the Digital Securities in proportion to the Digital Assets which have been lost or 
converted into or replaced by the new Digital Currency; (v) to elect not to receive the new Digital 
Currency (in which circumstances the Security Holders will not be entitled to receive any value 
therefrom); (vi) to distribute such new Digital Currency to investors on a pro rata basis to their holdings 
of Digital Securities; or (vii) to sell such new Digital Currency and distribute the proceeds to investors 
on a pro rata basis to their holdings of Digital Securities. It is uncertain whether the value of any such 
distribution would equal the change in the value of the Digital Securities resulting from such 
distribution. 
An airdrop occurs when the issuer of a new digital asset declares to the holder of another specific digital 
asset that they will be entitled to claim for free a quantity of the new digital asset because they are 
holding this specific other digital asset.  If an airdrop is intended to benefit the Issuer as the holder of a 
specific Digital Asset, then the ability of the Issuer to participant in the airdrop will depend on the 
support of the Custodian. There is no obligation on the Custodian to support any airdrop or hold the 
airdropped Digital Asset and so there is no certainty that the Issuer will be able to obtain any airdropped 
Digital Asset, distribute any airdropped Digital Asset or to distribute realise any value from them. 
It may not be possible, or desirable, for the Issuer to apply for listing of any new class of Digital 
Securities referenced to a new Digital Asset resulting from an Airdrop Event. 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Risk factors relating to the market and market value of the Digital Securities 
Market risk due to lack of capital protection under the Digital Securities 
The Digital Asset Entitlement to be paid by the Issuer on redemption of any Digital Security depends 
on the performance of the relevant Digital Asset. The Digital Securities issued under this Base 
Prospectus are therefore neither fully nor partially capital protected. Investors may lose part or all of 
their initial investment. 
Risk Rating: High 
Secondary market, volatile market rates, tracking error and liquidity risk 
Although redemption entitlement in the primary market is related to the Digital Asset Entitlement as 
determined by the formula in the Conditions, price determination in the secondary market follows 
customary market mechanisms relating to the Digital Securities and their exposure. The bid/offer prices 
in the secondary market may thus become either higher or lower than the price at which the respective 
underlying Digital Asset trade. Although price determination in the secondary market is expected to be 
based on established calculation models and the price of the relevant Digital Asset, it is also dependent 
on supply and demand as well as development of a liquid secondary market. In the light of the volatility 
which can be historically observed in the prices for the Digital Assets, it seems possible that market 
prices for the Digital Securities in the secondary market will be volatile. 
Even if the Digital Securities are listed on a regulated market, there may be low or no demand for and/or 
trading in the Digital Securities. This can result in investors being unable to sell their Digital Securities

--- Page 30 ---
27 
 
at a price equal to or related to the value of the Digital Asset Entitlement. A lack of an efficient 
marketplace and a liquid secondary market may consequently adversely affect the market value of the 
Digital Securities. 
Risk Rating: Medium 
Historical market data does not show future values 
Historical prices are no guarantee for or indication of future price levels for the Digital Securities and/or 
the relevant Digital Assets in relation to US Dollars. Historical trading patterns do not necessarily repeat 
themselves in the future and if an investor relies on historical trading patterns in the context of a forward-
looking investment strategy, this may lead to the investment strategy failing and the investor incurring 
a loss. 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Risk factors relating to taxation 
Tax 
Depending on the investor’s country of residence, a holding in the Digital Securities (which are 
structured as debt securities) and/or a deemed holding of certain Underlying Assets may have tax 
implications, such as value added tax or capital gains tax. Investors are advised to consult with their tax 
advisers as to their specific consequences. Therefore, investors should consider whether such tax 
liabilities apply when investing in the Digital Securities. Each investor will assume and be solely 
responsible for any and all taxes of any jurisdiction, including central government or local state taxes or 
other like assessment or charges which may be applied in respect of Digital Securities. In the event that 
any withholding tax or deduction for tax is imposed on payments on the Digital Securities, the Security 
Holders will be subject to such tax or deduction and will not be entitled to receive amounts to 
compensate for such withholding or deduction. 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Risk factors relating to the Issuer’s service providers  
The market makers’ obligations are limited 
Even where the Digital Securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market, a Market Maker in the 
Digital Securities will only be obliged to provide bid/ask prices under the conditions contained in the 
rules applicable on the relevant regulated market and, as applicable, in agreements between the Market 
Maker and the Issuer. In general, these conditions entail that the market maker is required to provide 
rates and prices under normal market conditions and within a certain spread at all times. However, the 
Market Maker is not obliged to secure a certain minimum level rate, to purchase unlimited numbers of 
the Digital Securities or provide any minimum volume of trading in abnormal market conditions or other 
similar obligations. Any interruption in the delivery of efficient pricing on exchange may consequently 
adversely affect the price at which investors are able to trade the Digital Securities in the secondary 
markets. 
Risk Rating: Medium

--- Page 31 ---
28 
 
Trustee 
In connection with the exercise of its function, the Trustee will have regard to the interests of the Security 
Holders as a class and will not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Security 
Holders and the Trustee will not be entitled to require, nor will any Security Holder be entitled to claim, 
from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise 
upon individual Security Holders. 
Risk Rating: Low 
Custodian non-performance on Redemption by Physical Delivery 
In the case of a Redemption to be effected by Physical Delivery, the Issuer will instruct the Custodian 
to effect a transfer of the Digital Asset Entitlement of the Digital Securities being redeemed to the 
Security Holder. There may be circumstances in which a Custodian fails to effect such a transfer in 
accordance with such instructions. In that event, the Issuer will not be responsible or liable to the 
Security Holder for such failure. The Issuer will to the extent practicable procure the assignment to the 
redeeming Security Holder of its claims against the Custodian in respect of the Digital Asset Entitlement 
that has not been transferred, but it may not be practicable to assign such claims and such claims may 
be of little or no value. As a result, a Custodian’s failure to effect such a transfer may result in the 
Security Holder losing all of its investment. 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
General Storage Risk for Digital Assets 
Digital Assets reside on the public blockchain in a distributed ledger. Evidence of ownership is not 
recorded by a central authority at a single location, but rather distributed among a network of users. The 
ledger in a public blockchain is transparent, and everyone can view the public addresses to which Digital 
Assets can be sent. However, to evidence ownership of the Digital Assets from a particular address and 
transfer them to another address requires the use of a private cryptographic key. The private 
cryptographic key is the sole way to evidence ownership, and whoever controls that key controls the 
Digital Assets held at its public addresses. As a result, securing the private keys that enable assets to be 
transferred is crucial to safeguarding ownership and control of the assets. 
Storage of private keys is constantly evolving and there are now multiple methods to store the keys and 
multiple security protocols governing access to the private keys. One of the most popular methods is to 
independently hold private keys either in paper or electronic form. Independent storage of private keys 
involves the primary risk of permanent loss of such key, which in turn would result in the permanent 
loss in the ability to evidence ownership in the digital assets (including Digital Asset) linked to that 
private key. This could be either through forgetting encryption passwords to access keys or losing the 
recovery seed to hardware wallets. Alternatively, investors may underestimate the requirement to ensure 
effective backups of keys, risking the loss of their investments if the medium used to physically store 
private keys was to fail, rendering the digital assets inaccessible and incapable of being realised. 
Instances of investors losing access to digital assets may adversely affect the levels of adoption and use 
of digital assets (including Digital Assets), as well as investor sentiment towards them. This could 
adversely affect the price of Digital Assets and consequently the value of an investment in Digital 
Securities. 
The Issuer will partner with reputable specialist institutional crypto custody firm(s) to minimise the risk 
of loss of assets. Institutional custodian solutions may vary in their specific security implementation and 
process. However, they often will offer duplicate high security wallets or vaults for safekeeping of 
private keys with elaborate security protocols surrounding access to such keys and withdrawals from

--- Page 32 ---
29 
 
addresses associated with the private keys stored or encrypted in the vault. Such arrangements offer high 
levels of security versus other ways of holding cryptocurrencies. 
However, there is no guarantee that these arrangements fully protect from loss of assets. Furthermore 
such elaborate security protocols may delay access to assets, either as a normal aspect of operational 
procedure or in the event the custodian were to experience any kind of systematic failure relating to 
technology, process or people. Either of these situations could result in a loss in cases where the price 
of the relevant cryptocurrencies moves adversely. 
The jurisdiction or geography in which private keys are stored by the custodian firm, in case they are 
stored physically or on paper, may also affect the ability of an investor to withdraw assets in instances 
where regulation changes. A successful hacking attempt on a reputable custodian may (i) adversely 
affect the levels of adoption and use of Digital Assets, (ii) investor sentiment towards them, and (iii) 
adversely affect the price of Digital Assets and consequently the value of an investment in Digital 
Securities. 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
Risk factors relating to regulatory change 
Regulatory limits or consequences for investors 
Investments in the Digital Securities in the light of their exposure to Digital Assets must always be 
assessed by every investor based on the circumstances and legal and regulatory conditions applicable to 
that investor. An investor governed by such conditions may be subject to limited possibilities to invest 
in the Digital Securities and/or experience unforeseeable consequences of a holding in the Digital 
Securities. 
Risk Rating: Medium 
Changes in Regulation 
The combination of the nature of the Issuer’s activities, the markets to which it is exposed, the 
institutions with which it does business and the securities which it issues makes it particularly exposed 
to national, international and supranational regulatory action and taxation changes. The scope and 
requirements of regulation and taxation applicable to the Issuer continues to change and evolve and 
there is a risk that as a result it may prove more difficult or impossible, or more expensive, for the Issuer 
to continue to carry on their functions in the manner currently contemplated. This may require that 
changes are made in the future to the agreements applicable to the Programme and may result in changes 
to the commercial terms of the Digital Securities and/or the inability to apply for and Redeem Digital 
Securities and/or Compulsory Redemption of some or all of the Digital Securities and/or disruption to 
the pricing thereof.   
Risk Rating: Medium 
Absence of Market Makers 
The Issuer may be required by the rules of an exchange to which the Digital Securities are admitted to 
trading to have a minimum number of Market Makers. If a Market Maker ceases to act as Market Maker 
and a replacement cannot be found and as a result the Issuer cannot meet the minimum requirement, the 
relevant exchange may require the Digital Securities to cease trading which may make it harder for a 
Security Holder to sell their Digital Securities at a time of their choosing and which could lead to a loss 
to a Security Holder if, when they are subsequently able to sell their Digital Securities, the value of those

--- Page 33 ---
30 
 
Digital Securities has dropped below the value of the Digital Securities when the Security Holder 
initially sought to sell them. 
Risk Rating: Low

--- Page 34 ---
31 
 
PART 1 
GENERAL 
 
Introduction 
The Issuer has established a programme under which it has created and made available for issue different 
classes of securities, collectively referred to as Digital Securities, each of which provides exposure to 
one or more underlying Digital Currencies. 
Digital Securities are intended to offer investors means of investing in the Digital Currency market 
without the necessity of taking delivery of or storing Digital Currencies in personal wallets. Investors 
can buy and sell Digital Securities through the trading of securities listed on the exchange, MTF or other 
marketplace to which they may be admitted to trading from time to time. 
Individual Securities have an effective notional entitlement to a type of Digital Currency, known as the 
Digital Asset Entitlement (expressed as a quantity of the relevant Digital Currency).  Basket Securities 
and Index Securities have an effective notional entitlement to a basket of Digital Currencies or an index 
of Digital Currencies, known, respectively, as the Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement.  The Basket 
Entitlement or Index Entitlements are themselves composed of Digital Asset Entitlements in respect of 
each Digital Currency of the relevant Underlying Type.  Digital Securities aim (before management 
fees) to provide an investor with the same return that they would gain from investing directly in the 
relevant Digital Asset(s) or index.  
As a result of the Application and Redemption mechanism, the Digital Securities are “physically 
backed” – that is, they maintain a direct relationship to the value of the underlying Digital Asset(s). The 
precise rights attached to the Digital Securities, including deductions in respect of management fees and 
how they are applied, are set out in the Conditions which are reproduced in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and 
Conditions) and described in more detail below and in Part 4 (Description of the Digital Securities), and 
an illustration of the effect of these rights, including worked examples, is set out in Part 2 (How does a 
Security Holder Determine the Value of their Investment?). 
General Description of Digital Securities 
A Digital Security is a non-interest bearing, undated, secured, limited recourse debt obligation of the 
Issuer, which entitles a Security Holder (provided it is an Authorised Participant) to require redemption 
of the Digital Security and on the Settlement Date receive (in the case of Individual Securities) an 
amount of Digital Currency equal to the Digital Asset Entitlement and in the cases of Basket Securities 
and Index Securities the respective amounts of Digital Currency of the relevant Underlying Types equal 
to the Digital Asset Entitlements comprising the Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case 
may be). In certain circumstances (i) when there are no Authorised Participants or a Security Holder 
elects for Physical Delivery, a Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant is entitled to require 
redemption of a Digital Security directly with the Issuer in return for an amount of Digital Currency 
equal to the aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case 
may be) of the Digital Securities to be redeemed or (ii), when there are no Authorised Participants or if 
such delivery is prohibited, for cash obtained by the sale by the Digital Asset Sales Agent (on behalf of 
the Issuer) of an amount of Digital Currency equal to the aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket 
Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) of the Digital Securities being redeemed.  
Each class of Digital Security has a continuous issue and redemption process, under which additional 
Digital Securities of such class may be issued to Authorised Participants, and Digital Securities may be 
redeemed, on a daily basis on any Issuer Business Day. 
A Security Holder of Digital Securities, who is not an Authorised Participant, who requires the 
redemption by way of delivery of Digital Asset(s) may do so on a day which is an Issuer Business Day, 
in which case the Security Holder will, as long as certain conditions are met, receive delivery of an

--- Page 35 ---
32 
 
amount of Digital Currency representing the amount of its aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket 
Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) (minus all relevant deductions including a 
Physical Delivery Fee currently equal to 1 % of the aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket 
Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be)  to be redeemed) to its personal Digital Wallet. A 
personal Digital Wallet is generally defined as a physical device, software program or service that holds 
the public and private keys for transactions in a given Digital Currency. The personal Digital Wallet can 
be held directly by an individual or via a custodian or other third party. The wallet is represented by a 
public key, which is like an address to and from which the wallet holder may receive and send Digital 
Currencies. A Security Holder may obtain a personal Digital Wallet in a number of ways, the most 
recognised of which comprise opening an account with a Digital Currency exchange, purchasing a 
physical device or software program to hold the public and private keys or working with an established 
Digital Currency custodian. 
The Digital Securities are backed by Digital Asset(s), the private keys to which are maintained in the 
relevant Custodian’s multi-wallet custody solution. 
Digital Currencies, which are the reference assets for the Digital Securities, represent both novel 
technologies as well as new asset classes. As a result, they may include risks that investors generally do 
not expect from other types of assets and commodities, including (but not limited to), risks relating to 
the loss of the Underlying Asset held by the relevant Custodian. The recovery of such assets if lost due 
to hacking or fraud may be exacerbated by the lack of a central intermediary, the anonymity of Digital 
Currency accounts and the immutability of the decentralized databases (known as distributed ledgers) 
which record ownership. The Digital Securities and the Underlying Assets in respect of the Digital 
Securities should therefore be considered to be highly speculative and involve a high degree of risk, 
including the risk of a total loss of all capital invested. See further the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled “Risk Factors”. 
Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement and Index Entitlement 
There will be a separate Digital Asset Entitlement for each class of Individual Security denominated in 
the relevant Digital Currency of the Underlying Type. The Digital Asset Entitlement of each class of 
Individual Security is adjusted on each day by the Management Fee. 
Basket Securities of each class will have a separate Basket Entitlement and Index Securities of each 
class will have a separate Index Entitlement, each of which will consist of the relevant Digital Asset 
Entitlements for each of the Digital Currencies that make up the basket or index. 
Whenever new Digital Securities of any class are issued or existing such securities redeemed, this will 
be done at the then prevailing aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement or Index 
Entitlement (as the case may be), thereby ensuring that all Digital Securities of the same class have the 
same aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may 
be), are fully fungible and are backed by the same Digital Asset(s). Whenever new Digital Securities of 
a class contemplated by this Prospectus are issued, details will be set out in Final Terms prepared by the 
Issuer. 
Further details of the determination of the Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement and Index 
Entitlement and the Management Fees are set out under the heading “Digital Asset Entitlement” in Part 4 
(Description of the Digital Securities) and worked examples are provided in Part 2 (How does a Security 
Holder determine the value of their investment?).

--- Page 36 ---
33 
 
Exposure to Digital Asset(s) 
Exposure to a single Digital Currency 
The Issuer may issue Classes of Individual Securities that provide exposure only to the single Digital 
Currency specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Eligible Underlyings 
The Digital Currency forming part of the exposure for a particular Class of Individual Securities, will 
be the Digital Currency specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such Digital Currency must always be 
one that is among the 124 Digital Currencies listed below (each an “Eligible Underlying Digital 
Asset”), in each case, subject to any limitations pursuant to applicable local legal and regulatory 
requirements, including but not limited to, Prohibited Coins shall not be considered as Eligible 
Underlying Digital Assets: 
No. 
Name 
Designation 
1 
0x 
ZRX 
2 
1inch Network 
1INCH 
3 
Aave 
AAVE 
4 
Algorand 
ALGO 
5 
Amp 
AMP 
6 
Ankr 
ANKR 
7 
ApeCoin 
APE 
8 
Arweave 
AR 
9 
Audius 
AUDIO 
10 
Avalanche 
AVAX 
11 
Axie Infinity 
AXS 
12 
Balancer 
BAL 
13 
Basic Attention Token 
BAT 
14 
Binance USD 
BUSD 
15 
Bitcoin 
BTC 
16 
Bitcoin Cash 
BCH 
17 
Bitcoin Gold 
BTG 
18 
Bitcoin Standard Hashrate Token 
BTCST 
19 
Bitcoin SV 
BSV 
20 
Blur 
BLUR 
21 
BNB 
BNB 
22 
BORA 
BORA 
23 
Cardano 
ADA 
24 
Casper 
CSPR

--- Page 37 ---
34 
 
25 
Celo 
CELO 
26 
Celsius 
CEL 
27 
Chainlink 
LINK 
28 
Chia 
XCH 
29 
Chiliz 
CHZ 
30 
Compound 
COMP 
31 
Conflux 
CFX 
32 
Convex Finance 
CVX 
33 
Cosmos 
ATOM 
34 
Cronos 
CRO 
35 
Curve DAO Token 
CRV 
36 
Decentraland 
MANA 
37 
Dogecoin 
DOGE 
38 
Enjin Coin 
ENJ 
39 
EOS 
EOS 
40 
Ethereum 
ETH 
41 
Ethereum Classic 
ETC 
42 
Ethereum Name Service 
ENS 
43 
Fantom 
FTM 
44 
Fetch.ai 
FET 
45 
Filecoin 
FIL 
46 
Flare 
FLR 
47 
Flow 
FLOW 
48 
Gala 
GALA 
49 
GateToken 
GT 
50 
GMX 
GMX 
51 
Gnosis 
GNO 
52 
Golem 
GLM 
53 
Harmony 
ONE 
54 
Hedera 
HBAR 
55 
Helium 
HNT 
56 
Holo 
HOT 
57 
Huobi Token 
HT 
58 
ICON 
ICX 
59 
ImmutableX 
IMX

--- Page 38 ---
35 
 
60 
Injective 
INJ 
61 
Internet Computer 
ICP 
62 
IOST 
IOST 
63 
IOTA 
MIOTA 
64 
IoTeX 
IOTX 
65 
JUST 
JST 
66 
Kadena 
KDA 
67 
Kava 
KAVA 
68 
Klaytn 
KLAY 
69 
KuCoin Token 
KCS 
70 
Kusama 
KSM 
71 
Kyber Network Crystal v2 
KNC 
72 
Lido DAO 
LDO 
73 
LINK 
LN 
74 
Litecoin 
LTC 
75 
Livepeer 
LPT 
76 
Loopring 
LRC 
77 
MAGIC 
MAGIC 
78 
Maker 
MKR 
79 
Mina 
MINA 
80 
MultiversX 
EGLD 
81 
NEAR Protocol 
NEAR 
82 
NEM 
XEM 
83 
Neo 
NEO 
84 
Nexo 
NEXO 
85 
OKB 
OKB 
86 
OMG Network 
OMG 
87 
Optimism 
OP 
88 
PancakeSwap 
CAKE 
89 
Pax Dollar 
USDP 
90 
Polkadot 
DOT 
91 
Polygon 
MATIC 
92 
Qtum 
QTUM 
93 
Quant 
QNT 
94 
Ravencoin 
RVN

--- Page 39 ---
36 
 
95 
Render Token 
RNDR 
96 
Shiba Inu 
SHIB 
97 
SingularityNET 
AGIX 
98 
Solana 
SOL 
99 
Stacks 
STX 
100 
Stellar 
XLM 
101 
STEPN 
GMT 
102 
SushiSwap 
SUSHI 
103 
Symbol 
SYM 
104 
Synthetix 
SNX 
105 
Tether 
USDT 
106 
Tezos 
XTZ 
107 
The Graph 
GRT 
108 
The Sandbox 
SAND 
109 
Theta Fuel 
TFUEL 
110 
Theta Network 
THETA 
111 
THORChain 
RUNE 
112 
TRON 
TRX 
113 
Trust Wallet Token 
TWT 
114 
Uniswap 
UNI 
115 
UNUS SED LEO 
LEO 
116 
USD Coin 
USDC 
117 
VeChain 
VET 
118 
Waves 
WAVES 
119 
WOO Network 
WOO 
120 
Wrapped Bitcoin 
WBTC 
121 
XDC Network 
XDC 
122 
XRP 
XRP 
123 
yearn.finance 
YFI 
124 
Zilliqa 
ZIL 
 
A 
description 
of 
each 
individual 
Eligible 
Underlying 
Digital 
Asset 
is 
available 
at 
https://cryptocompare.com by selecting the individual Eligible Underlying Digital Asset, e.g.: 
https://www.cryptocompare.com/coins/btc/overview/USD. Each Eligible Underlying Digital Asset is 
presented with a description of features, technology and various market data. This website does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the SFSA.

--- Page 40 ---
37 
 
Exposure to a Basket of Digital Currencies 
The Issuer may issue Classes of Basket Securities that provide exposure to two or more Digital 
Currencies specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Eligible Underlyings 
The Digital Currencies forming part of the exposure for a particular Class of Basket Securities, will be 
the Digital Currencies specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such Digital Currencies must each be an 
Eligible Underlying Digital Asset.  
Exposure to an Index consisting of Digital Currencies 
The Issuer may issue a Class of Index Securities providing an exposure to the Digital Currencies 
comprising a single Index.   
Eligible Underlying Components 
In the case of a Class of Index Securities, the eligible Underling Components (each an “Eligible 
Underlying Component”) must comprise of Digital Currencies which must each (1) be an Eligible 
Underlying Digital Asset (as defined above) and also (2) be eligible for inclusion as constituents in the 
relevant Index pursuant to the rules governing the relevant Index. Each Index will constitute a 
benchmark subject to the Benchmark Regulation. Each Index will be administered by an administrator 
included in the register referred to in Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. 
The Vinter Valour benchmark family 
The complete set of rules of any Index and information on the performance of such Index are freely 
accessible on the Issuer’s or the relevant Benchmark Administrator’s website as detailed in the table 
below. The governing rules of the relevant Index (including the methodology of the Index for the 
selection and the rebalancing of the components of the Index, description of market disruption events 
and adjustment rules) are based on predetermined and objective criteria, which can be found in the 
websites noted in the table below. Such websites do not form part of this Base Prospectus and have not 
been scrutinised or approved by the SFSA. 
Invierno AB (“Vinter”), Reg. No. 559207-4172, Box 5193, 10244 Stockholm, Sweden is the 
benchmark administrator of the Vinter Valour benchmark family and the central recipient of input data 
with the ability to evaluate the integrity and accuracy of input data on a consistent basis. Vinter is 
responsible for the development of the index and controls all aspects of the provision of the benchmark. 
Vinter has established a permanent and effective oversight function, governance processes subject to 
periodic reviews and audits, policies regarding complaints, ethics, conflicts of interest, and contingency, 
and has established a clear internal organizational structure with consistent roles and responsibilities to 
identify, prevent, disclose, mitigate, and manage conflicts of interest.  
The European Securities and Markets Authority has included Invierno AB in its register of Benchmark 
Administrators approved to carry on the regulated activity of administering a benchmark. 
Index 
Name 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
Index Description  
Index Methodology 
Index 
Information 
Source 
Vinter 
Valour 
Digital 
Asset 
Invierno AB 
The Index tracks the 10 largest 
Digital Assets based on the average 
monthly market capitalization on the 
15th calendar day of the month, for 
the two most recent months. The 
https://vinter.co/valour  
 
Index values 
are available 
in the Vinter 
API

--- Page 41 ---
38 
 
Basket 10 
Index 
constituents are weighted by their 
current market capitalization, with a 
maximum weight of 30%. If a 
constituent exceeds the maximum 
weight, its weight will be reduced to 
the maximum weight and the excess 
weight 
will 
be 
redistributed 
proportionally across all other index 
components. This process is repeated 
until no component has a weight 
exceeding the maximum weight. The 
selection of constituents and their 
target weights is rebalanced quarterly 
on the last business day of the month, 
starting end of June.  
Vinter 
Valour 
DEFI5 
Index 
Invierno AB 
The Index tracks the five (5) largest 
Decentralized Finance (DeFi) assets 
as determined by the current market 
capitalization on the 15th calendar 
day of the month. The constituents 
are weighted by their current market 
capitalization. 
The 
selection 
of 
constituents and their target weights 
is rebalanced quarterly on the last 
business day of the month, starting 
end of June. 
https://vinter.co/valour  Index values 
are available 
in the Vinter 
API  
Vinter 
Valour 
Dollar 
Yield 
index 
Invierno AB 
The index measures the market yield 
of lending out selected crypto assets 
(e.g. USDT and USDC) on trading 
and lending platforms that fulfill 
Vinter's 
eligibility 
criteria. 
The 
market yield is calculated as an 
aggregation from the selected assets 
and platforms, multiplied by a 
utilization rate that is estimated 
according to the index methodology 
developed by Vinter and Valour. 
 
https://vinter.co/valour  Index values 
are available 
in the Vinter 
API  
Vinter 
Valour 
Metaverse 
Index   
Invierno AB 
The Index tracks the top five selected 
digital asset constituents in the 
metaverse category. The metaverse 
includes, but is not limited to, 
entertainment, sports, and retail. 
Digital 
assets 
are 
eligible 
as 
benchmark constituents if they fulfill 
the eligibility and selection criteria 
defined in the benchmark statement 
and the index methodology. 
https://vinter.co/valour  Index values 
are available 
in the Vinter 
API 
 
Main features of the Vinter Valour benchmark family 
The above indices administered by Vinter are built around eligible crypto-assets trading on eligible 
exchanges. Each benchmark within the Vinter Valour benchmark family is governed by a relevant index

--- Page 42 ---
39 
 
methodology and benchmark statement.1 It is anticipated that any future benchmark will substantially 
meet the criteria set out below in relation to the Vinter Valour Indices. 
(a) 
ELIGIBLE CONSTITUENTS 
Crypto-assets trading on eligible exchanges are eligible as index constituents if they: 
1. are a cryptographically secured digital bearer instrument; 
2. are not index tokens, stablecoins or pegged to another asset such as currencies or commodities; 
3. are not an ongoing Initial Coin Offering; 
4. are not under investigation or deemed a security or fraudulent by a public financial regulatory 
authority with jurisdiction over the constituent or its wrapper; 
5. are supported by the industry including market makers, custodians and regulated exchanges; 
6. can be deposited to and withdrawn from least two eligible exchanges; 
7. are freely traded and can be freely held for the foreseeable future; 
8. have for the past month had a daily trading volume that exceeds USD 10 million on at least two 
eligible exchanges;  
9. allow for cold storage; 
10. have an average market capitalization above USD 1 billion the last month; 
11. trade against a G10 currency (AUD, CAD, EUR, JPY, NZD, NOK, GBP, SEK, CHF, USD); 
and 
12. are not designed to be private or otherwise Prohibited Coins. 
(b) 
ELIGIBLE EXCHANGES 
For an exchange to be eligible it must have: 
1. been operating as a crypto asset exchange for a minimum of two years; 
2. implemented trading, deposits, and withdrawal fees for a minimum of one month without 
interruption; 
3. met a minimum monthly volume threshold of USD 30 million with respect to the total trading 
volume; 
4. provided reliable, continuous, and valid market data for a minimum of one month; 
5. offered the possibility to withdraw and deposits for a minimum of one month settling in 2-7 
business days;  
6. chosen a jurisdiction of incorporation that offers sufficient investor protection such as Financial 
Action Task Force (FATF), FATF-style regional bodies (FSRBs) or Moneyval member states; 
7. complied with relevant anti-money laundering and know-your-customer regulations; 
 
1 https://compliance.vinter.co/crypto-assets.

--- Page 43 ---
40 
 
8. cooperated with requests from Vinter and relevant regulatory bodies; 
9. provided information concerning ownership and corporate structure; and 
10. not been declared unlawful by any governmental authority or agency with jurisdiction over the 
exchange. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the criteria listed in sections (A) Eligible Constituents and (B) Eligible 
Exchanges above, are not intended to replace or expand the Eligible Underlying Digital Assets and/or 
Eligible Underlying Components. These criteria can only work to further limit the eligible components. 
Other benchmarks as the relevant Index 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer may, subject to the prior publication of a duly approved updated 
Base Prospectus or a supplement to this Base Prospectus, issue Digital Securities linked to other 
proprietary indices. In addition to any such proprietary indices, the Issuer may also issue Digital 
Securities tracking such other index as is stated in the relevant Final Terms. However, any such other 
index is only eligible for use if the relevant index: 
(a) 
consists of Eligible Underlying Digital Assets (as defined above) as constituents;  
(b) 
is administered by a regulated benchmark administrator; and 
(c) 
is a non-proprietary index in relation to the Issuer. 
Each Index will constitute a benchmark subject to the Benchmark Regulation. Each Index will be 
administered by an administrator included in the register referred to in Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation. 
Listing and Trading 
All Digital Securities are fully transferable. The Issuer intends to apply for one or more classes of Digital 
Securities to be admitted to trading on a regulated market or any other marketplace, such as a multilateral 
trading facility ("MTF"), in Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, 
Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Malta, Poland, 
Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Spain and Sweden, and, subject to completion of relevant notification 
measures, any other Member State within the EEA and, subject to completion of the relevant approval 
measures, in Switzerland.  
There cannot be any guarantee that admission to listing or trading will be obtained or, if so obtained, 
will be maintained in respect of any classes of Digital Securities, nor can there be any guarantee that 
any classes of Digital Securities will be admitted to a Relevant Stock Exchange upon issuance. 
In order to provide liquidity to investors and minimise tracking error, the Issuer will aim to appoint 
multiple Authorised Participants or other Market Makers to make a market on the relevant exchanges 
on which some or all of the Digital Securities are admitted to trading. The Issuer will only appoint 
Authorised Participants that are reputable financial services companies subject to the appropriate 
regulation in one or more of (i) a member state of the European Union, (ii) Jersey, (iii) the United 
Kingdom, and (iv) any another jurisdiction that is not a country or territory identified as presenting 
higher risks in the AML/CFT Handbook for regulated financial services business published by the Jersey 
Financial Services Commission from time to time (the "JFSC AML/CFT Handbook"). Should an 
Authorised Participant appointed by the Issuer be located in a jurisdiction that, following its 
appointment, becomes a country or territory identified as presenting higher risks in the JFSC AML/CFT 
Handbook, the Issuer shall exercise its contractual rights to terminate the Authorised Participant's 
appointment as soon as practicable. Such due diligence is likely to include (but may not necessarily 
comprise or be limited to) the making of enquiries as to the operating history, technical skill and

--- Page 44 ---
41 
 
experience, reputation, financial standing and regulatory status and track record of the proposed 
Authorised Participant as well as (as may be considered appropriate by the Board in each case) its key 
personnel and controllers, its ultimate beneficial owners and its wider group. 
In the event the Issuer is unable to appoint such financial services companies or there are no eligible 
Authorised Participants available, the Issuer may also appoint one of its affiliates as an Authorised 
Participant. 
Authorised Participants have the right to effect applications or redemptions, and Security Holders, in 
certain circumstances, have the right to effect redemptions – see below under “Applications and 
Redemptions” and Part 4 (Description of the Digital Securities) under the heading “Applications and 
Redemptions” for further details. 
The standard settlement cycle for settlement of trades on many exchanges is two local business days 
(T+2).  
Any announcements made by the Issuer by RIS will be available, free of charge, on the website of the 
Valour Group (www.valour.com). This website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the SFSA. 
Custody of Digital Assets 
The Issuer will store the Digital Assets in the proprietary, multi-wallet technological platform operated 
by the relevant Custodian.  The Issuer will only appoint Custodians that are reputable financial services 
companies subject to the appropriate regulation in one or more of (i) a member state of the European 
Union, (ii) Jersey, (iii) the United Kingdom, and (iv) any another jurisdiction that is not a country or 
territory identified as presenting higher risks in the AML/CFT Handbook for regulated financial services 
business published by the Jersey Financial Services Commission from time to time (the “JFSC 
AML/CFT Handbook”), experienced in holding assets that are similar to the underlying cryptoassets. 
Should a Custodian appointed by the Issuer be located in a jurisdiction that, following to its appointment, 
becomes a country or territory identified as presenting higher risks in the JFSC AML/CFT Handbook, 
the Issuer shall exercise its contractual rights to terminate the Custodian's appointment as soon as 
practicable. 
Komainu (Jersey) Limited 
Komainu (Jersey) Limited (“Komainu”) is a private limited company incorporated under the laws of Jersey, 
Channel Islands (with registered number 127169) having its registered address at 3rd Floor, 2 Hill Street, St. 
Helier, Jersey, JE2 4UA, Channel Islands. 
Komainu is regulated by the Jersey Financial Services Commission for Fund Services Business in classes ZH 
(custodian) and ZI (depositary) pursuant to the Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998 and associated orders 
including the Financial Services (Financial Service Business) (Jersey) Order 2009, and is registered under 
Schedule 2 of the Proceeds of Crime (Jersey) Law 1999. 
Any digital assets held in custody in secured wallets by Komainu for its clients, including the Issuer, are and will 
remain segregated from both proprietary digital assets of Komainu and the digital assets of its other clients. 
Komainu and/or its affiliates may from time to time purchase or sell digital assets for their own account, and as 
agent for their customers. Custodial services are available only in connection with those digital assets that 
Komainu, in its sole discretion, decides to support. The digital assets that Komainu supports may change from 
time to time. 
Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG 
Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG is a Swiss corporation registered in the commercial register of 
the Canton of Zug, Switzerland, with registration number CHE-477.629.838, incorporated on March 9,

--- Page 45 ---
42 
 
2022, with unlimited duration and having its seat and head office address at Gotthardstrasse 26, 6300, 
Zug, Switzerland.  
Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG is registered with Verein zur Qualitätssicherung von 
Finanzdienstleistungen (VQF) a Self-Regulatory Organisation (SRO) officially recognised by the 
Federal Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA), the VQF supervises its members with regard 
to the combating of money laundering and the prevention of the financing of terrorism. 
“Copper" and "Copper.co" are trading names of Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG. Copper 
Technologies (Switzerland) AG is 100% subsidiary of Copper Technologies (UK) Limited a limited 
liability company registered in England with company registration number 11148681, incorporated at 
Companies House on 15 January 2018, with its registered and head office address at 3rd Floor, 64 North 
Row, London W1K 7DA, United Kingdom. 
Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG provides custodial, exchange and settlement services for digital 
assets to institutional clients. Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG supports the custody of digital 
assets across cold, hot, warm and proxy wallets. 
The safeguarding and custody of digital assets is the core and flagship element of the business of Copper 
Technologies (Switzerland) AG which it provides through its proprietary and secure digital asset 
custody infrastructure. Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG uses its unique multi-party computation 
technology to securely generate key shards simultaneously but in isolation in a secure environment. Key 
shards may then be kept on or offline to ensure ultimate security and control of digital assets, with key 
shards combining to co-sign transactions remotely, removing the risk of private key exposure.  
The parent company of Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG, Copper Technologies (UK) Limited, 
has ISO 27001 accreditation and is registered with the US Department of the Treasury’s Financial 
Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) as a Money Services Business. Copper Technologies (UK) 
Limited has an Aon brokered crime insurance policy and has the Cyber Essentials Plus certification, a 
UK Government-backed scheme to help organisations protect against cyber-attacks. Copper 
Technologies (Switzerland) AG will have the benefit of the insurance policy written to Copper 
Technologies (UK) Limited. 
Any digital assets held in custody in vaults by Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG for its clients, 
including the Issuer, are and will remain segregated from both proprietary assets of Copper Technologies 
(Switzerland) AG and the assets of its other clients. 
General 
The relevant Custodian will be responsible for the safekeeping of the Digital Asset held in the Secured 
Wallets. The relevant Custodian and/or its affiliates may from time-to-time purchase or sell Digital 
Securities for their own account, as agent for their customers and for accounts over which they exercise 
investment discretion. 
The relevant Custodian will maintain the Secured Wallets, comprising a Subscription and Redemption 
Wallet and a Long-term Wallet. The Secured Wallets will be established and maintained under the 
master wallet custody solution. The Subscription and Redemption Wallets will hold sufficient Digital 
Currency to provide liquidity for creations and redemptions, up to a maximum of $50 million. The Long-
Term Storage Wallet will hold all Digital Currency in excess of that required to ensure liquidity for 
creations and redemptions. The Secured Wallets will be subject to security protocols as agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Custodian. The Security Protocols are confidential and are designed to limit 
access to and control over the Wallets to a pre-identified number of employees of the Issuer, the 
Administrator and the relevant Custodian, to create secure processes for withdrawals from the Secured 
Wallets and to pre-authorise (and therefore) limit the wallets to which Digital Asset(s) may by 
transferred from the Secured Wallets.

--- Page 46 ---
43 
 
The Digital Asset(s) of each Underlying Type held in the Secured Wallets in respect of the relevant class 
of Digital Security will be the subject of a floating charge in favour of the Trustee under the Security 
Deed to secure the obligations owed by the Issuer to the Trustee and the Security Holders in respect of 
the Digital Securities of that class. 
Further detail of the Custodians and the arrangements for the storage of Digital Assets are set out in 
Part 8 (Custody and the Custody Agreements). 
Contract Structure and Flow of Funds for Digital Securities 
Digital Securities are constituted by the Trust Instrument. Under the terms of the Trust Instrument, the 
Trustee acts as trustee for the Security Holders of each class of Digital Security. The rights of the Issuer 
in respect of the Digital Asset(s) of each Underlying Type held in the Secured Wallets in respect of the 
relevant class of Digital Security are the subject of any assignment by way of security and a first-ranking 
floating charge under the Security Deed in favour of the Trustee to secure the obligations owed by the 
Issuer to the Trustee and the Security Holders in respect of the Digital Securities of that class. 
Each class of Digital Security has a continuous issue and redemption process, under which additional 
Digital Securities of such class may be issued to Authorised Participants, and Digital Securities may be 
redeemed, on a daily basis on any Business Day. 
A diagrammatic representation of the principal aspects of the structure as currently in place appears 
below:  
 
The following summarises the flow of funds and assets attributable to the Digital Securities as 
represented by the above diagram:  
Digital Securities can be bought and sold for cash on the relevant exchange on which they are admitted 
to trading rather than directly from the Issuer. The cash used to settle these transactions is never 
delivered to the Issuer. Market makers work to ensure that there is sufficient liquidity on the relevant 
stock exchanges. To aid this process, the Issuer has entered into agreements (known as Authorised 
Participant Agreements) with certain financial institutions – Authorised Participants – whereby it has 
agreed to issue and redeem Digital Securities to or from those Authorised Participants on an ongoing

--- Page 47 ---
44 
 
basis. Further details about the terms of the Authorised Participant Agreements are set out in paragraph 
15.8 of Part 10 (Information regarding the Issuer and Additional Information). 
Generally, only Authorised Participants may request the creation of Digital Securities directly with the 
Issuer in exchange for physical Digital Currency. Upon creation of Digital Securities, an Authorised 
Participant must deliver Digital Currency of the relevant Underlying Type (or in the cases of Basket 
Securities and Index Securities, of each Underlying Type) in an amount equal to the aggregate Digital 
Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) of the Digital Securities 
into the relevant Secured Wallet with the Custodian. Only once the Digital Currency of the relevant 
Underlying Type(s) has been received will the Issuer issue the Digital Securities and deliver them to the 
Authorised Participant. Further details about settlement of the Digital Securities can be found under the 
heading “Settlement” in Part 5 (The Programme). 
The Authorised Participant may then sell the Digital Securities on a stock exchange, sell the Digital 
Securities in off exchange transactions (known as “OTC” or “Over-the-Counter” transactions) or keep 
the Digital Securities to hold themselves. The creation process is described in more detail under the 
heading “Applications and Redemptions” below. 
Once the Digital Securities are created, the Digital Currency will be held with all other Digital Currency 
attributable to the Digital Securities of the applicable class in the Secured Wallets at the relevant 
Custodian. 
Authorised Participants may also request the redemption of Digital Securities directly with the Issuer in 
exchange for the transfer of relevant Digital Currency. If an Authorised Participant requests Redemption 
of Digital Securities, they must return those Digital Securities to the Issuer and in return will receive 
Digital Currency of the relevant Underlying Type (or in the cases of Basket Securities and Index 
Securities, of each Underlying Type) in an amount equal to the aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement, 
Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) of the Digital Securities which are being 
redeemed through a transfer from the Secured Wallets held by the relevant Custodian. The Redemption 
process is described in more detail under the heading “Applications and Redemptions” below. 
If holders who are not Authorised Participants wish to give up their holding of Digital Securities, they 
may sell them either on one of the stock exchanges on which the Digital Securities are admitted to 
trading or in a private transaction. Such sale would typically be for cash rather than Digital Currency. 
Generally, Digital Securities will only be issued to Authorised Participants. 
Security Holders who are not Authorised Participants may request redemption of Digital Securities 
directly with the Issuer in the following circumstances: 
● In circumstances where there are no Authorised Participants, Security Holders may require 
redemption of their Digital Securities directly with the Issuer. In this case, the Security Holder 
will receive either Digital Currency or, if such Security Holder is legally restricted from 
receiving physical Digital Currency or as irrevocably permitted by the Issuer, as required by the 
regulatory requirements of the SFSA and pursuant to Conditions 9.3(a)(i) and 9.3(b), the 
proceeds of sale of the aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement or Index 
Entitlement (as the case may be) in the Settlement Currency rather than in Digital Currency. 
● In the case of an election pursuant to the Physical Delivery process, a Security Holder may 
require the redemption of its Digital Securities by way of delivery of Digital Currency, in which 
case the Security Holder will, as long as certain conditions are met, receive delivery of an 
amount of Digital Currency of the relevant Underlying Type (or in the cases of Basket Securities 
and Index Securities, of each Underlying Type) in an amount equal to the aggregate Digital 
Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) (minus all 
Redemption Deductions and a Physical Delivery Fee currently equal to one per cent. of the

--- Page 48 ---
45 
 
aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement) to its personal 
Digital Wallet. 
Applications and Redemptions 
Digital Securities can be issued to or redeemed at any time by Authorised Participants, and, in certain 
circumstances, can also be redeemed by Security Holders, subject to conditions. The issue and 
redemption mechanism is intended to ensure that Digital Securities have sufficient liquidity and that the 
price at which they trade on the relevant exchange on which they are admitted to trading tracks the 
relevant Digital Asset(s) (before fees). Only an Authorised Participant may apply for Digital Securities 
— all other persons must buy Digital Securities through trading on any exchange to which they may 
from time to time be admitted to trading. 
Digital Securities will only be issued on receipt of a valid Application Form and when the Digital 
Currency of the relevant Underlying Type (or in the cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, of 
each Underlying Type) has been deposited by the Authorised Participant into the applicable Secured 
Wallet with the relevant Custodian in an amount equal to the required Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket 
Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be).  
Digital Securities will only be cancelled upon receipt of a valid Redemption Form and the delivery of 
the relevant Digital Securities to the Issuer on the Settlement Date, whereupon the relevant amount of 
Digital Currency of the relevant Underlying Type (or in the cases of Basket Securities and Index 
Securities, of each Underlying Type) will be processed out of the relevant Secured Wallet. 
Upon a Redemption by a Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant, such Digital Securities 
will only be cancelled by the Issuer upon receipt of the Redemption Fee in cleared funds from the 
Security Holder in accordance with Condition 12 (Redemption Fee). The Settlement Date for such 
redemptions is the date the relevant Digital Currency is transferred to the relevant Security Holder 
Wallet by the relevant Custodian. 
Upon an optional Redemption of Digital Securities by a Security Holder who is not an Authorised 
Participant, the Security Holder must submit to the Issuer a valid Redemption Form in accordance with 
Condition 9 (Redemption of Digital Securities). 
Further details in relation to the Application and Redemption processes are set out in Part 4 (Description 
of the Digital Securities). Further details of the Redemption processes are set out in the Conditions, 
which are set out in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and Conditions). 
Security Structure 
A security structure has been established to provide security for the Redemption Obligations of the 
Issuer to Security Holders upon redemption of Digital Securities. 
The Programme has been established to hold separate Pools of assets so that the Issuer can issue separate 
classes of securities, based on different types of Digital Currency or having some other different 
characteristics, but on terms that each such separate class of securities would have recourse only to the 
Pool attributable to that class and not to the assets attributable to any other class. The assets and liabilities 
attributable to each class of Digital Security will represent the Pool for that class. 
A single Pool secures all Digital Securities of a single class. Digital Securities are constituted under the 
Trust Instrument entered into between the Issuer and the Trustee as trustee for Security Holders of each 
class. The Trustee holds all rights and entitlements under the Trust Instrument on trust for the Security 
Holders. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Trustee have entered into a single Security Deed applicable to all Pools. 
The rights and entitlements held by the Trustee under the Security Deed are held by the Trustee on trust

--- Page 49 ---
46 
 
for the Security Holders of each class of Digital Security. Further details of the Trust Instrument are set 
out under the heading in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and Conditions). 
Further details of the Security Deed are set out in Part 7 (Particulars of Security Deed). 
The Issuer 
The Issuer is Valour Digital Securities Limited, a public limited liability company incorporated in 
Jersey.  
The Issuer was formed by and is a wholly owned subsidiary of VLR Charitable Trust, a trust 
incorporated in Jersey.  
The Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purposes of issuing securities, 
including, but not limited to, the Digital Securities currently listed in this Prospectus. 
Further details regarding the Issuer are set out in Part 10 (Information regarding the Issuer and 
Additional Information). 
Administration and Registrar Services 
The Issuer has entered into the Administration Agreement with JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited 
(JTC), whereby JTC will perform certain administration duties for the Issuer (including acting as 
receiving agent). 
The Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar have entered into an agreement pursuant to which the Registrar 
is to provide registry and associated services. The Registrar will maintain the Registers in Jersey or 
Guernsey. The Registrar is a Guernsey company which is regulated by the Guernsey Financial Services 
Commission and licensed to carry on Controlled Investment Business. 
Further information 
Your attention is drawn to the remainder of this document which contains further information relating 
to the Programme and the Digital Securities.

--- Page 50 ---
47 
 
PART 2 
HOW DOES A SECURITY HOLDER DETERMINE THE VALUE OF ITS INVESTMENT? 
  
 
Entitlement on Redemption 
Each Digital Security carries a right upon Redemption to receipt of the higher of the Principal Amount 
and the Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be). 
Authorised Participants and, in certain circumstances, Security Holders who are not Authorised 
Participants are able to redeem their Digital Securities directly with the Issuer. The value of a Security 
Holder’s investment is therefore equivalent to the amount of Digital Currency that they would receive 
upon a redemption – generally the applicable Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement or Index 
Entitlement. The Principal Amounts of the Digital Securities are set out in the Summary of Class 
Schedule in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and Conditions). 
Calculation of the Digital Asset Entitlement 
On the first day of issue, the Digital Asset Entitlement of each Individual Security of a particular class 
will be as set out under the heading “Digital Asset Entitlement” in Part 4 (Description of the Digital 
Securities). 
The Digital Asset Entitlement will reduce each day since issue by the deduction of the Management Fee 
applicable to that class of Digital Security for that day represented in the formula by the Management 
Fee (MF(i,t)). 
On each day the Management Fee is deducted from the previous day’s Digital Asset Entitlement (AE(i,t1)) 
to determine the new Digital Asset Entitlement for a class of Individual Securities on a particular day in 
accordance with the following formula: 
AE(i,t) = AE(i,t-1) x (1 - MF(i,t))1/N 
The Management Fee is then apportioned to the number of days in the year in which the figure is being 
calculated to create a daily fee rate. This is represented by the 1/N in the formula. 
Calculation of the Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement 
On the first day of issue, the Basket Entitlement of each Basket Security of a particular class and the 
Index Entitlement of each Index Security of a particular class will be as set out under the heading 
“Digital Asset Entitlement” in Part 4 (Description of the Digital Securities).  The Basket Entitlement or 
Index Entitlement will be the sum of the Digital Asset Entitlements of the constituent Digital Currencies 
underlying the applicable basket or index, calculated in the same manner as the Digital Asset Entitlement 
applicable to Individual Securities as described under the heading “Calculation of the Digital Asset 
Entitlement” above. 
Management Fee 
The Management Fee for each class of Digital Security is an annual rate and will be charged in the 
amount specified in the Final Terms. 
The rate of the Management Fee in respect of any class or classes of Digital Security may be varied by 
the Issuer from time to time. If the Management Fee is amended, such amendment will be notified 
through a RIS, and in the case of an increase will not take effect for at least 30 days following the 
publication of such notification.

--- Page 51 ---
48 
 
Application of the Management Fee to the Digital Asset Entitlement 
The Management Fee is based on an annual figure. The total amount of the fees is then converted into 
a daily fee rate by application of the 1/N element of the formula. 
Redemption Fee 
The Issuer charges a fee of $500 per redemption carried out by an Authorised Participant directly with 
the Issuer. In the event of a compulsory redemption or where a Security Holder is permitted to lodge a 
Redemption Form, the Issuer will adjust the Redemption Fee to an amount equal to the Issuer’s cost in 
satisfying such redemption and of giving the redemption notice, being not greater than $500 or such 
other amount as may be notified through a RIS, and that amount will be charged by the Issuer to the 
Security Holder. 
Physical Delivery Fee 
The Physical Delivery Fee applies (i) where a Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant 
lodges a valid Redemption Form in respect of any Digital Securities requesting Redemption by way of 
delivery of Digital Asset to a personal Digital Wallet (other than such a Redemption pursuant to 
Condition 9.3 (Redemption by other Security Holders) and (ii) to a compulsory redemption of Digital 
Securities where a Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant requests Redemption by way 
of delivery of Digital Asset to a personal Digital Wallet. 
The Physical Delivery Fee is currently one per cent. (1 %) of the aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement of 
the Digital Securities being redeemed. 
Once the relevant Redemption Fee has been paid, and the Digital Securities have been delivered to the 
Issuer, the Custodian will deposit Digital Currency of the relevant Underlying Type (or in the cases of 
Basket Securities and Index Securities, of each Underlying Type) in an amount equal to the aggregate 
Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) (less the 
Redemption Deductions and the Physical Delivery Fee) into the relevant personal Digital Wallet. 
The Physical Delivery Fee in respect of any class or classes of Digital Security may be varied by the 
Issuer from time to time. If the Physical Delivery Fee is amended, such amendment will be notified 
through a RIS, and in the case of an increase will not take effect for at least 30 days following the 
publication of such notification. 
Valuing Digital Securities 
For each Digital Asset there may be multiple available reference prices in the market. In light of the fact 
that Digital Securities are created and redeemed by the Issuer at the Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket 
Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be), the Issuer does not intend to identify or use a 
single benchmark, although it may, at is sole discretion, decide to provide an indicative monetary value 
for the Digital Asset Entitlements, Basket Entitlements and/or Index Entitlements on any given day. 
Market makers and price makers in secondary markets may use their own pricing models to calculate 
the value of the applicable Digital Asset Entitlements, Basket Entitlements and/or Index Entitlements. 
It is possible to calculate the cash value of the Digital Securities in any currency on a particular day. 
This is done by using the spot price for the relevant type or types of Digital Asset on that day and in that 
currency. In the case of Individual Securities, the following formula can then be applied using the spot 
price and Digital Asset Entitlement to convert the Digital Asset Entitlement into a value: 
V(i,t) = S(i,t) x AE(i,t) 
To calculate the value on a particular day (represented in the formula above by V(i,t)), the spot price for 
the applicable Digital Currency and currency on that day (represented in the formula by S(i,t)) is

--- Page 52 ---
49 
 
multiplied by the Digital Asset Entitlement that day to create a figure in the relevant currency. For 
example, if the spot price of Bitcoin on that day was US$10,000 and the Digital Asset Entitlement for a 
Bitcoin Individual Security was 0.01, then applying these figures to the calculation above would create 
a value of US$100 as follows: US$100 = US$10,000 x 0.01. The value is for illustrative purposes as 
there is no guarantee that any transactions in Digital Securities will be effected at that value. 
In the event that a Digital Security trades at a significant premium or discount (i.e. +/- 2 per cent. or 
more for seven consecutive trading days) to the expected price for such Digital Security based on 
prevailing market prices for the specified underlying Digital Asset, the Issuer will make disclosure of 
such premium or discount on its website www.valour.com) and provide a discussion of the factors that 
are reasonably believed to have materially contributed to the premium or discount (as applicable). 
Although the Issuer relies solely on the Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement and Index 
Entitlement for purposes of the Application and Redemption process, potential investors can look to 
external sources for real time prices of the underlying Digital Assets.  Those sources include dedicated 
exchanges for digital assets, such as those listed in the table below as more traditional indexes and 
reference prices provided by index providers such as Bloomberg Index Services, CF Benchmarks and 
FTSE Russell Indices. The list is not exhaustive, and the Issuer takes no responsibility for the reliability 
or the accuracy of prices published by Digital Asset exchanges or index providers. 
Digital Asset Exchanges 
Website 
Binance 
https://www.binance.com/ 
Bitfinex 
https://www.bitfinex.com/ 
Bitgo 
https://www.bitgo.com/ 
Bitstamp 
https://www.bitstamp.net/ 
Bittrex 
https://global.bittrex.com/ 
B2C2 
https://b2c2.com 
Coinbase Pro 
https://pro.coinbase.com/ 
Falkon X 
https://falconx.io/ 
Gemini 
https://www.gemini.com/ 
Kraken 
https://www.kraken.com/ 
SFOX 
https://www.sfox.com/

--- Page 53 ---
50 
 
None of the websites or webpages referred to above are themselves incorporated into this Base 
Prospectus or form part of this Base Prospectus for any purpose. 
How the value of a Digital Security is affected by changes in the value of the underlying Digital 
Asset 
The three hypothetical scenarios in this section show some possible outcomes of an investment in the 
Digital Securities under normal market conditions. These scenarios are not indicators of the actual future 
performance of the Digital Securities and are for illustration purposes only. 
The following assumptions have been made: 
1. An investor invests in the Digital Securities for one full calendar year. 
2. One Digital Security is bought from a broker at a price of $100. 
3. The price of the relevant Digital Asset when the Digital Security is bought is $10,000. 
4. The Digital Asset Entitlement when the Digital Security is bought is 0.01. 
5. The annual level of fees is 0.98 per cent., for which a dollar value has been given in the scenarios 
below. 
6. There are no changes in the level of fees charged on the Digital Securities during the investment 
period. 
7. All transaction fees (including any commission) of the investor’s broker and investment adviser 
for the sale and purchase of the Digital Securities and the custody fees of the investors bank are 
excluded. 
Scenario 1: The price of the relevant Digital Asset decreases 
● One Digital Security is bought from a broker at a price of $100. 
● The price of the relevant Digital Asset decreases by 75 per cent. to $2,500 one year later. 
● The sum of the fees charged during this time would be $0.2464 per Digital Security. 
● The price of the Digital Security has decreased to $24.75 (reflecting a decrease in the Digital 
Asset underlying and a deduction of fees charged). 
● The investor sells the Digital Security and has lost $75.25 from their initial investment of $100 
a year ago. 
Scenario 2: The price of the relevant Digital Asset increases 
● One Digital Security is bought from a broker at a price of $100. 
● The price of the relevant Digital Asset increases by 75 per cent. to $17,500 one year later. 
● The sum of the fees charged during this time would be $1.7246 per Digital Security. 
● The price of the Digital Security has increased to $173.28 (reflecting a decrease in the Digital 
Asset underlying and a deduction of fees charged).

--- Page 54 ---
51 
 
● The investor sells the Digital Security and has gained $73.27 from their initial investment of 
$100 a year ago. 
Scenario 3: The price of the relevant Digital Asset remains the same 
● One Digital Security is bought from a broker at a price of $100. 
● The price of the relevant Digital Asset remains the same one year later. 
● The sum of the fees charged during this time would be $0.9855 per Digital Security. 
● The price of the Digital Security has decreased to $99.01 (reflecting fees deducted). 
● The investor sells the Digital Security and has lost $0.9855 from their initial investment of $100 
a year ago. 
Further on Basket Entitlements and Index Entitlements 
Digital Securities linked to a Basket or an Index function conceptually in the same manner as Digital 
Securities linked to an individual Digital Asset. Please refer to the assumptions, the impact of the level 
of fees charged over time and the different performance scenarios described in the immediately 
preceding section. This section aims to describe the potential impact of the fact that the Basket or Index 
will consist of more than one constituent and is for illustration purposes only.  
In case of Digital Securities linked to a Basket or an Index, the performance of such Digital Securities 
depends on the performance of each of the individual Digital Assets comprising the Basket or Index as 
well as the composition and weighting of the specific Basket or Index: 
In an equally weighted Basket or Index, this means that the performance of the Digital Securities will 
be positive if the aggregate gains of the components of the Basket or Index with positive performance 
overcompensates for the aggregate losses of the components with a negative performance.  
As a worked example: If in an equally weighted Basket comprised of two Digital Assets with a 
weighting of EUR 500 each (aggregate value EUR 1,000), the price of Digital Asset A increases by 
EUR 50 (10 per cent.) and the price of Digital Asset B decreases by only EUR 25 (5 per cent.) (Scenario 
1), the monetary value of the respective Digital Securities is expected to increase by EUR 25 (2.5 per 
cent.). If the price of Digital Asset A increases by only EUR 25 (5 per cent.) and the price of Digital 
Asset B decreases by EUR 50 (10 per cent.) (Scenario 2), the monetary value of the Digital Securities 
is expected to decrease by EUR 25 (2.5 per cent.).  
Finally, the monetary value of the Digital Securities is expected to remain constant, if the performances 
of Digital Asset A and Digital Asset B cancel each other out, e.g., if the price of Digital Asset A increases 
by EUR 50 (10 per cent.) and the price of Digital Asset B decreases by EUR 50 (10 per cent.) (Scenario 
3). 
In a non-equally weighted Basket or Index, the performance of the Digital Securities will also be positive 
in case that the aggregate gains of the components of the Basket or Index with positive performance 
overcompensate for the aggregate losses of the components with a negative performance. However, 
other than in case of an equally weighted Basket or Index, any such gains and losses are required to be 
weight-adjusted to reflect the actual composition of the Basket or Index. 
As a worked example: In a Basket comprised of two Digital Asset with the weightings of such Digital 
Assets being EUR 1,000 (66.66 per cent.) Digital Asset A and EUR 500 (33.33 per cent.) Digital Asset 
B, due to the Digital Asset A being weighted twice as much as Digital Asset B, the aggregate gains of

--- Page 55 ---
52 
 
Digital Asset B must be (at least) twice as high as the losses of Digital Asset A in order to cancel each 
other out or to even generate a positive performance.  
Based on the examples used above in relation to an equally weighted Basket, this would result in the 
following outcomes of monetary values: in Scenario 1 the price of Digital Asset A increases by EUR 
100 (10 per cent.) and the price of Digital Asset B decreases by only EUR 25 (5 per cent.), so that the 
monetary value of the respective Digital Securities is expected to increase by EUR 75 (5 per cent.). In 
Scenario 2, the price of Digital Asset A increases by only EUR 50 (5 per cent.) and the price of Digital 
Asset B decreases by EUR 50 (10 per cent.), so that the monetary value of the Digital Securities is 
expected to remain constant. Consequently, in Scenario 3, the performances of the price of Digital Asset 
A increases by EUR 100 (10 per cent.) and the price of Digital Asset B decreases by EUR 50 (10 per 
cent.), so that the monetary value of the Digital Securities is expected to increase by EUR 50 (3.33 per 
cent.). 
Publication of indicative value for each Digital Security 
Converting Digital Asset Entitlement into an indicative price 
Compass Financial Technologies SA is an independent Swiss-based company focused on the design, 
calculation and administration of market benchmarks and tailor-made quantitative investment strategies. 
Founded in 2017, Compass has offices in Lausanne and Paris. The team works with its clients to develop 
bespoke and innovative indices supporting them along each step from beginning to end. Compass 
founding partners have a strong and successful experience in designing, implementing and managing 
rule-based investment strategies. For more than 20 years, its team has been developing a set of 
recognized benchmarks ranging from simple vanilla indices to complex index strategies based on 
quantitative models and market intelligence. Compass calculates nearly 1,500 indices for institutional 
clients from investment banks and pension funds to asset managers in several asset classes such as 
commodities, real estate, fixed income and digital assets. 
On the digital asset class, Compass is a major index provider with several billions USD invested in 
financial products that track the indices calculated and administered by the company. 
Compass Financial Technologies (France) is registered as a Benchmarks Administrator by the Autorité 
des Marchés Financiers (AMF) under the EU Benchmarks Regulations (EU BMR). More details are 
available at www.compass-ft.com.

--- Page 56 ---
53 
 
PART 3 
DIGITAL ASSETS MARKET OVERVIEW 
 
What is a Digital Asset? 
 
Digital Assets represent a new phenomenon. As a result, there have been numerous attempts to define 
and classify them but very little consensus. For purposes of this Prospectus, the Issuer defines a Digital 
Asset as: money, scrip or other representation of value or contractual rights that can only be exchanged 
electronically on a Distributed Ledger. A Digital Asset can also be considered as a digital representation 
of value that is cryptographically secured, verified and recorded on a blockchain or other form of 
distributed ledger. 
 
Examples of Digital Assets 
 
Although there were potentially earlier examples, for many, Bitcoin represents the first Digital Asset; 
or, at least, the first to show true independence and decentralisation (and to gain popular, wide-scale 
adoption). Launched by the pseudonymous Satoshi Nakamoto, Bitcoin was developed to allow for 
decentralised, secure transfer of value on a peer-to-peer basis. Decentralisation meant, inter alia, that 
Bitcoin’s fixed supply schedule could not be altered by a central authority, a key feature for many who 
shared fears of government devaluation of fiat currencies. Property rights were ensured through 
encryption protocols based on recognised principles from cryptography, and transaction immutability 
was secured through permission less economic incentive structures and game theory. 
 
Launched in January 2009, Bitcoin eventually saw exponential usage adoption, unit price and 
transaction immutability levels, for example; 
 
● In 2021, the Bitcoin blockchain has settled more than $13 trillion worth of total transaction 
value. However, since Bitcoin is a UTXO model (rather than an account balance model), a 
significant portion of that value represents transaction ‘change’ (similar to that incurred by 
Digital Assets and bills) and is therefore non-economic. The best industry estimates of adjusted 
volume (real economic value) settled on the Bitcoin blockchain in 2021 stands at approximately 
$4.7 trillion. 
 
● One of the most popular online wallet providers, blockchain.com, reports more than 83 million 
wallets created on their platform alone. Similarly, the mainly retail-focused crypto exchange 
Coinbase reports more than 98 million verified clients on their platform. 
 
On the back of its success and equally exponential growth in interest in Digital Assets, a number of new 
Digital Assets were introduced to the market, such as: Ethereum, XRP, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, Solana, 
Cardano, Avalanche and Polkadot. 
 
Cryptography behind Digital Assets 
 
Digital Assets use cryptography as the basis for their security. In particular, Digital Assets make heavy 
use of public key cryptography and hashing algorithms. 
 
Public key cryptography is an asymmetric cryptography system where information is encrypted and 
decrypted using a pair of different, but mathematically related keys. The private key is a very large 
random number (making it infeasible to guess), and the public key is a mathematical derivation of the 
private key. Whilst the public key can be derived from the private key, the opposite is not true – it is a 
one-way or trapdoor function. One of these keys, the public key, is broadcast to everyone, whereas the 
other, the private key, is kept secret.

--- Page 57 ---
54 
 
Information which is encrypted using the public key, can only be decrypted by the private secret key. 
This enables users to create encrypted messages which can only be decrypted by the intended recipient 
and no one else. Relatedly, a message which has been encrypted with a private key can be decrypted by 
its corresponding public key, this allows anyone who is aware of the public key to know that the message 
must have been encrypted by the holder of the private key. This is referred to as a digital signature. 
 
Hashing algorithms are scrambling functions which can take inputs of arbitrary length, and output 
random-looking outputs of a fixed length. The same input will always give the same output, but it is 
infeasible to tell which input created a certain output, or what the output of a certain input will be before 
running it through the function. Hashing algorithms are also one-way or trapdoor functions––they are 
very easy to calculate in one direction, but very hard to calculate in the opposite direction. 
 
In Digital Assets, public key pairs are used to safeguard funds and authorise spending, enabling 
enforcement of property rights in the absence of an arbiter. Currency is sent to addresses derived from 
public keys and can only be spent from its corresponding private key via a digital signature. This makes 
the private keys controlling the spending of currency units akin to a bearer instrument. 
 
Digital Asset Ecosystem 
 
The success of Digital Assets has created entirely novel industries. The most relevant for investors are: 
miners, exchanges and custodians/storage. 
 
Miners and Proof of Work 
 
Digital Assets are created via a technological process colloquially referred to as mining. Mining is the 
process whereby the participants in a blockchain network arrives at distributed consensus–– that is, how 
they agree on a shared transaction history in the absence of a central clearing party. The rule determining 
which ledger is the true ledger is simple – it is the ledger which was the costliest one to produce. 
 
Miners prove that they have incurred real world cost through proof-of-work. In essence, a proof-of-work 
is an output of a hashing algorithm which fits certain stringent criteria. Remembering that outputs of 
hashing algorithms cannot be predicted from its input, finding such an output proves that the miner must 
have expended a certain amount of processing power, and therefore electricity, searching for the output. 
 
As a reward for expending electricity finding the proof-of-work, miners are rewarded with freshly 
minted Digital Asset units. Mining is therefore both the process of arriving at distributed agreement on 
the transaction history of the blockchain ledger, and the creation of new Digital Asset units. 
 
Validators and Proof of Consensus 
  
Some Digital Assets (such as Polkadot, Solana and Cardano) do not rely on proof-of-work or miners to 
arrive at a distributed consensus. Rather, they rely on a different method, known as “proof of stake,” to 
agree, approve and document transactions on the network. 
  
Whereas proof of work requires real world cost in the form of energy and computational effort, proof 
of stake requires holders of a protocol’s Digital Asset to use their holdings to validate the network and 
its transactions. Whereas with proof of work, the network relies on the miner who solves the 
computational problem the quickest, a proof of stake network effectively selects the largest pool of the 
protocol’s Digital Asset. As with proof of work protocols, the validator of a transaction in a proof of 
stake protocol also earns a reward in the protocol’s Digital Asset. Individual holders can contribute their 
assets to create large pools to share in those rewards. This is known as “staking”.

--- Page 58 ---
55 
 
Staking generally involves contributing a protocol’s Digital Asset to a pool of assets held by validators, 
who operate the nodes. Staking can be custodial – which means a holder must deliver the staked Digital 
Assets to a different wallet and non-custodial, whereby holders can contribute the Digital Asset to the 
pool of assets without transferring the Digital Asset (i.e. the Digital Assets can remain in the holder’s 
wallet). Holders nominate a validator, who runs the node, and in general, the higher the number of 
Digital Assets staked, the higher the probability that a given validator will be asked to validate a 
transaction on the protocol. 
  
As with proof of work, validation of a transaction on a proof of stake protocol earns an award in that 
protocol’s Digital Assets. All participants of a pool share in the award, which is distributed by the 
validator. Validators who do not follow protocol rules can be penalised, either in the form of reduced 
rewards or in actual loss of a portion of the staked Digital Assets. 
 
Exchanges 
 
There are now a number of exchanges, spread across a variety of jurisdictions, that provide access to 
Digital Assets to investors globally. Very few of these exchanges are regulated in a manner similar 
regulated markets in Europe. Furthermore, the exchanges can often differ in terms of liquidity, cost, and 
most importantly, security. They also differ in terms of exposure offered, with some exchanges allowing 
up to 100x leverage on major Digital Assets. Some of the most widely used spot exchanges for Digital 
Assets, in no particular order, are: Coinbase, Kraken, Binance, Bitstamp, Gemini and Bitfinex. 
 
Custodians/Storage 
 
Digital Assets are, in essence, bearer instruments. Proof of ownership is not maintained by a centralized 
authority; rather, it is evidenced by control of the private key, which, when paired with the public key, 
can be used to transfer ownership of Digital Assets. 
 
As a result, storage or custody of Digital Assets is primarily concerned with maintaining secure and 
private ownership of the private key. Custody storage technology and the resulting methods for storage 
continue to evolve, but generally comprise elements of: 
(i) "hot” storage, where the private key is maintained in a system or “wallet” that is online and 
readily accessible for use. A “hot” wallet is akin to an online bank account, traditionally 
maintained by a third party who allows the user to open an account, which in turn is connected 
to the wallet that “holds” the key and the underlying Digital Asset. 
 
(ii) “cold” storage, where the private key is held offline, inaccessible unless provided by the holder 
of the key. Key’s held in cold storage are generally held in hardware wallets that are not 
connected to the internet. A cold wallet is more akin to storing gold or bearer bonds in a physical 
vault, and often, the private keys in cold storage are indeed stored in vaults. 
 
Price formation and valuation 
 
Digital Asset prices are influenced by both supply and demand, with the major exchanges serving as 
venues for price discovery. Given the somewhat fragmented nature of market, liquidity and efficiency 
of any given exchange can also impact the price for that exchange. As a result, exchanges can often 
show different prices, although for the major exchanges, such variations are generally limited. In 
general, order depth and volume for Digital Assets cryptocurrencies is substantially lower than for more 
established asset classes; this can result in higher volatility (which is observed from historical price 
action). 
 
Digital Assets comprise, among other things, innovative technologies, nascent but rapidly growing 
networks and digital assets that represent a store of value, a unit of account, and a medium of exchange.

--- Page 59 ---
56 
 
There have been multiple academic proposals for crypto asset valuation models. The issuer makes no 
recommendation or judgement on the advantages or disadvantages of any of them. 
 
 
Market Volatility 
 
Digital Assets represent one of the most volatile asset classes, even higher than Small Cap Equities, 
emerging market equities or energy futures. Annualised volatility has frequently reached over 100 per 
cent. Those high volatility levels are in turn caused by fluctuations in supply and demand driven 
predominantly by short term trading sentiment. The Issuer expects Digital Assets to continue to show 
high levels of volatility in the short and medium term.

--- Page 60 ---
57 
 
PART 4 
DESCRIPTION OF THE DIGITAL SECURITIES 
 
The following is a description of the rights attaching to the Digital Securities. The legally binding 
Conditions of the Digital Securities are set out in the Trust Instrument and reproduced in Part 6 (Trust 
Instrument and Conditions) of this Prospectus. Copies of the Trust Instrument, by which the Digital 
Securities will be constituted, are available for inspection as set out in paragraph 19.1 (Documents 
Available for Inspection) of Part 10 (Information regarding the Issuer and Additional Information). 
A Digital Security is a non-interest bearing, undated, secured, limited recourse debt obligation of the 
Issuer, which entitles a Security Holder (provided it is an Authorised Participant) to require redemption 
of the Digital Security and on the Settlement Date receive an amount of Digital Currency of the relevant 
Underlying Type (or in the cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, of each Underlying Type) 
in an amount equal to the aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement 
(as the case may be) (minus all relevant deductions). In certain circumstances, including when there are 
no Authorised Participants, a Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant is entitled to require 
redemption of a Digital Security directly with the Issuer in return for an amount of Digital Currency of 
the relevant Underlying Type (or in the cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, of each 
Underlying Type) in an amount equal to the aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement or 
Index Entitlement (as the case may be) (minus all relevant deductions) of the Digital Securities to be 
redeemed or if such delivery is prohibited, for cash obtained by the sale by the Digital Asset Sales Agent 
(on behalf of the Issuer) of an amount of Digital Currency of the relevant Underlying Type (or in the 
cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, of each Underlying Type) in an amount equal to the 
aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) 
(minus all relevant deductions) of the Digital Securities being redeemed. 
A Security Holder of Digital Securities who is not an Authorised Participant who requires the 
redemption by way of delivery of Digital Currency may do so on a Business Day, in which case the 
Security Holder will, as long as certain conditions are met, receive delivery of an amount of Digital 
Currency of the relevant Underlying Type (or in the cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, of 
each Underlying Type) in an amount equal to the aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket 
Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) (minus all relevant deductions including a 
Physical Delivery Fee currently equal to 1% of the aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket 
Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) to be redeemed) to its personal Digital Wallet. 
Several classes of Digital Security are available for issue under this Programme and each will be backed 
by Digital Currency held by the Custodian(s). 
Digital Asset Entitlement 
There is a separate Digital Asset Entitlement for each class of Individual Security. On the day dealings 
in the Individual Securities of each class first commence on the Relevant Exchange, the Digital Asset 
Entitlement for each class of Individual Security will be fixed as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whenever new Individual Securities are issued or existing securities redeemed, this will be done at the 
then prevailing Digital Asset Entitlement, thereby ensuring that all Individual Securities of the same 
class have the same Digital Asset Entitlement and are fully fungible. The Digital Asset Entitlement is 
reduced daily by the Management Fee as follows: 
AE(i,t) = AE(i,t-1) x (1 - MF(i,t))1/N 
where: 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Digital Security;

--- Page 61 ---
58 
 
t 
refers to the applicable day (with t - 1 being the previous day); 
AE(i,t) is the Digital Asset Entitlement for Digital Securities of class i for day t; 
AE(i,t-1)  is the Digital Asset Entitlement for Digital Securities of class i on the previous day; 
MF(i,t) is the per annum Management Fee applicable to Digital Securities of class i on day t, expressed 
as a decimal (so that 98 basis points per annum is expressed as 0.0098 or 0.98 per cent.), 
N 
is 365 (or 366 in a leap year). 
The Digital Asset Entitlement shall be calculated each day to the Entitlement Precision Level as 
described in this Base Prospectus or the Final Terms for an individual class. The Management Fee will 
be paid monthly in arrears by transfer of Digital Currency from the Secured Wallets. 
Basket Entitlement and Index Entitlement 
There is a separate Basket Entitlement for each class of Basket Security and a separate Index Entitlement 
for each class of Index Security. On the day dealings in the Basket Securities of each class first 
commence on the Relevant Exchange, the Basket Entitlement for each class of Basket Security will be 
fixed as set out in the Class Schedule or, if not in the Class Schedule, in the applicable Final Terms. On 
the day dealings in the Index Securities of each class first commence on the Relevant Exchange, the 
Index Entitlement for each class of Index Security will be fixed as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement will be the sum of the Digital Asset Entitlements of the 
constituent Digital Currencies underlying the applicable basket or index, calculated in the same manner 
as the Digital Asset Entitlement applicable to Individual Securities as described under the heading 
“Digital Asset Entitlement” above. 
Whenever new Basket Securities or Index Securities are issued or existing securities redeemed, this will 
be done at the then prevailing Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be), thereby 
ensuring that all Basket Securities and Index Securities of the same class have the same Basket 
Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) and are fully fungible.  The Basket Entitlement 
and Index Entitlement are reduced daily by reductions in the Digital Asset Entitlement in respect of the 
Digital Currency of each Underlying Type comprised in the Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement 
(as the case may be) by the Management Fee as described under the heading “Digital Asset Entitlement” 
above. 
Publication of Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement and Index Entitlement 
The Issuer will arrange for publication on the Issuer’s Website at www.valour.com of the current Digital 
Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) for each class of Digital 
Security in issue. 
Management Fee 
The Management Fee for each class of Digital Security is determined by applying the applicable rate to 
the aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement of the relevant class or, in the cases of Basket Securities and 
Index Securities, by applying the applicable rate to the aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement in respect of 
the Digital Currency of each Underlying Type comprised in the Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement 
(as the case may be). The rate of the Management Fee for each class of Digital Security is an annual rate 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Management Fee for each class of Digital Security is aggregated and payable in Digital Currency 
of the Underlying Type or Underlying Types to the Arranger on a monthly basis.

--- Page 62 ---
59 
 
The rate of the Management Fee in respect of any class or classes of Digital Security may be varied by 
the Issuer from time to time. If the Management Fee is amended, such amendment will be notified 
through a RIS, and in the case of an increase will not take effect for at least 30 days following the 
publication of such notification. 
Creations and Redemptions 
Creations 
Digital Securities may be created at any time during the period of 12 months from the date of this 
Prospectus. The minimum initial investment in Digital Securities which must be made by an Authorised 
Participant is €100,000 (or the equivalent in notional value of the Digital Currency to be delivered). 
An Authorised Participant applying for Digital Securities will be required to deposit an amount of 
Digital Currency of the relevant Underlying Type (or in the cases of Basket Securities and Index 
Securities, of each Underlying Type) in an amount equal to the aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement, 
Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) of the Digital Securities applied for. The 
standard settlement cycle for settlement of trades on SIX Swiss Exchange is two Business Days (T + 2). 
An Application received by the Issuer by 2:30 p.m. (London time) (day “T”) with receipt of the Digital 
Currency in a Secured Wallet within one Business Day (“T+1”) will generally enable investors to be 
registered as the Security Holder in respect of the relevant Digital Securities within two Business Days, 
that is, on a T+2 basis. 
Digital Securities will only be issued after: 
(a) receipt by the Issuer of a valid Application; 
(b) the deposit into a Secured Wallet of an amount of Digital Currency of the relevant Underlying 
Type (or in the cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, of each Underlying Type) in an 
amount equal to the aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement or Index 
Entitlement (as the case may be) of the Digital Securities applied for; 
(c) transfer by the relevant Custodian of the Digital Currency deposited by the Applicant as referred 
to in (b) above to the Secured Wallets; and 
(d) receipt by the Issuer of the creation fee. 
Upon the occurrence of (a) to (d) above, the Digital Securities applied for will be issued to the relevant 
Applicant, provided that the Issuer reserves the right to reject any Application. If the Issuer elects to 
reject an Application, it must notify the relevant Applicant forthwith and ensure any Digital Currency 
and any money in respect of the creation fee received from such Applicant is returned to it as soon as 
possible. 
The number of Digital Securities to be issued to an Applicant will be specified in the Application. The 
Applicant will deposit into the Secured Wallets an amount of Digital Currency of the relevant 
Underlying Type (or in the cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, of each Underlying Type) 
in an amount equal to the aggregate: 
(a) the number of Digital Securities to be delivered; multiplied by 
(b) (in the case of Individual Securities) the aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement on the date of issue 
or (in the case of Basket Securities or Index Securities) the aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement 
of Digital Currency of each Underlying Type comprised in the Basket Entitlement or Index 
Entitlement (as the case may be) on the date of issue.

--- Page 63 ---
60 
 
Applicants will be refunded any excess Digital Currency deposited with the Custodian in connection 
with the creation of Digital Securities, whether arising from an error by the Applicant or from rounding. 
Redemptions 
A Security Holder (provided it is an Authorised Participant) may, at any time, by lodging a Redemption 
Notice with the Issuer, require the redemption of all or any of its Digital Securities by way of delivery 
of Digital Currency. 
Redemptions will generally be settled two Business Days following the date upon which a valid 
Redemption Notice is lodged with the Issuer, that is, on a T+2 basis (or on such later date specified in 
the Redemption Notice). Redemption Notices lodged after 2.00 p.m. (London time) or on a day which 
is not a Business Day will be treated as having been received on the next Business Day. 
If Digital Securities are to be redeemed in Digital Currency, the Custodian will be instructed to withdraw 
from the Secured Wallets Digital Currency of the relevant Underlying Type (or in the cases of Basket 
Securities and Index Securities, of each Underlying Type) in an amount equal to the aggregate Digital 
Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) of such Digital 
Securities on the Redemption Date, and deliver the same (less any Redemption Deductions) to the 
Digital Wallet of the redeeming Security Holder, provided that no delivery shall be made unless the 
redeeming Security Holder has paid the Redemption Fee to the Issuer. Neither the Trustee nor the Issuer 
shall be responsible or liable for any failure by the Custodian to effect a delivery of Digital Currency in 
accordance with the instructions of the Trustee. However, in the event of such failure, the Issuer shall 
to the extent practicable assign to the redeeming Security Holder its claims in relation to such Digital 
Currency in satisfaction of all claims of such Security Holder in respect of the Digital Securities to be 
redeemed and the Security Holder shall have no further claims against the Issuer or the Secured Property. 
Furthermore, as required by the regulatory requirements of the SFSA and pursuant to 
Conditions 9.3(a)(i) and 9.3(b), the Issuer irrevocably agrees that it will permit Security Holders 
investing under this Prospectus who are not authorised participants to redeem (in the event there are no 
Authorised Participants) by way of Cash Settlement or by requesting delivery of the relevant Digital 
Currency. 
In the limited circumstances under which Digital Securities may be redeemed by way of Cash 
Settlement, the Digital Asset Sales Agent (on behalf of the Issuer) will sell Digital Currency of the 
relevant Underlying Type (or in the cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, of each Underlying 
Type) in an amount equal to the aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement or Index 
Entitlement (as the case may be) of such Digital Securities for cash in the Settlement Currency at the 
best price reasonably attainable therefore pursuant to the Digital Asset Sales Agency Agreement. In 
determining the best price reasonably attainable, the Digital Asset Sales Agent is required to have regard 
to any reference price that is regulated in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011) (or any reference price used by any listed security providing passive exposure to the 
relevant Digital Asset which is the subject of a prospectus published in an EU member state in 
accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129)). Given the asset-backed 
and limited recourse nature of Digital Securities, investors must be aware that the net proceeds may be 
other than (i) any assessment made by a Security Holder pursuant to the description in Part 2 (How does 
a Security Holder determine the value of its investment?), and (ii) any published indicative value of the 
relevant Digital Security as described in the section “Publication of indicative value for each Digital 
Security” in Part 2. 
Pursuant to the Digital Asset Sales Agency Agreement, the Custodian will be instructed to withdraw 
from the Secured Wallets such Digital Currency and to transfer the same to the Digital Asset Sales Agent 
in settlement of such sale on the Redemption Date.

--- Page 64 ---
61 
 
The Digital Asset Sales Agent will be instructed to remit the net proceeds of sale (after deduction of all 
Redemption Deductions) realised from such sale to any account of the relevant Security Holder (via the 
Swiss Paying Agent or any other relevant Paying Agent, if applicable) notified to the Issuer in 
accordance with its Redemption Notice. 
None of the Issuer, the Determination Agent, the Digital Asset Sales Agent or the Trustee will be liable 
for any failure by any purchaser of Digital Currency to effect or complete the purchase of such Digital 
Currency, to deliver the applicable net proceeds of sale or other amount due or otherwise comply with 
its obligations entered into for these purposes, but in the event of any such failure, the Issuer will to the 
extent practicable procure the assignment to the redeeming Security Holder of its claims in relation to 
such Digital Currency in satisfaction of all claims of such Security Holder in respect of the Digital 
Securities to be Redeemed and the Security Holder will have no further claims against the Issuer, the 
Determination Agent, the Digital Asset Sales Agent, the Trustee or the Secured Property. 
What are the Redemption Deductions? 
Certain costs, defined in the Conditions as Redemption Deductions, may be deducted upon Redemption. 
In particular, delivery of Digital Currency often incurs a transaction cost payable to the relevant 
blockchain or distributed ledger technology on which the relevant Digital Currency operates. Any such 
transaction fee will be deducted by the relevant blockchain from the amount of the Digital Currency 
transferred. 
For Security Holders who are not Authorised Participants who elect to redeem via physical delivery, 
Redemption Deductions will be in addition to the relevant Physical Delivery Fee. For more information, 
see Part 6 (Trust Instrument and Conditions). 
Prospective purchasers should note that Redemption Deductions are payable in respect of redemption 
of Digital Securities. Prospective purchasers should note that the Redemption Amount payable by the 
Issuer in respect of a Digital Security will be calculated less any applicable fees, which include but not 
are limited to Redemption Deductions. As such, the amount due to a Security Holder in respect of each 
Digital Security held by it on the Redemption Date or the Compulsory Redemption Date may be less 
than the aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may 
be) in respect of such Digital Securities. 
Digital Asset Sales Agent 
The Issuer has, pursuant to the Digital Asset Sales Agency Agreement, appointed Valour, Inc. to act as 
Digital Asset Sales Agent for the purpose of effecting sales of Digital Currency on a redemption of 
Digital Securities. Neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be liable to the Security Holders for any loss 
arising from the appointment (or non-appointment) of any dealer as a Digital Asset Sales Agent. 
Transaction Costs 
The bid/offer quotes sought and the price obtained by the Digital Asset Sales Agent (on behalf of the 
Issuer) for all sales of Digital Currency in redeeming Digital Securities by way of Cash Settlement will 
generally be on the basis of the transaction costs and dealer fees being absorbed by the counterparty. 
However, the redeeming Security Holder will be obliged to pay the Issuer all sale costs (including any 
transfer and sales taxes associated with sales of Digital Currency and exchanges of currencies (if any)) 
and, unless paid by the redeeming Security Holder, such amounts may be set off by the Issuer against 
the redemption moneys payable to the redeeming Security Holder. 
Security Structure 
A security structure has been established to provide security for the Redemption Obligations of the 
Issuer to Security Holders upon redemption of Digital Securities. The Issuer has been established as an

--- Page 65 ---
62 
 
“umbrella” or “multi-class” company with separate Pools of assets so that the Issuer can issue separate 
types of securities, based on different types of Digital Currency or combinations of types of Digital 
Currency, but on terms that each such separate class of securities would have recourse only to the Pool 
attributable to that class and not to the assets attributable to any other class. 
The assets and liabilities attributable to each class of Digital Security will represent the Pool for that 
class. Thus there are several separate Pools applicable to Digital Securities. A single Pool secures all 
Digital Securities of a single class. 
Digital Securities are constituted under the Trust Instrument entered into between the Issuer and the 
Trustee as trustee for Security Holders of each class. The Trustee holds all rights and entitlements under 
the Trust Instrument on trust for the Security Holders. In addition, the Issuer and the Trustee have 
entered into a single Security Deed in respect of all Pools. The rights and entitlements held by the Trustee 
under the Security Deed in respect of the Digital Securities of each class are held by the Trustee on trust 
for the Security Holders of that particular class. 
Further details of the Trust Instrument are set out in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and Conditions). Further 
details of the Security Deed are set out in Part 7 (Particulars of the Security Deed). 
Custody of Digital Currency 
All Digital Currency forming part of the Security will be held by the relevant Custodian in its proprietary 
multi-wallet solution. 
Further information in relation to custody of the Digital Currency held by or for the Issuer, the relevant 
Custodian and the relevant Custody Agreement are set in Part 8 (Custody and the Custody Agreements). 
Insurance of Digital Assets 
The relevant Custodian may make such insurance arrangements from time to time in connection with 
its custodial obligations with respect to Digital Assets held in the Secured Wallets as it considers 
necessary or appropriate and the Custody Agreement provides that any such insurance will be solely for 
the benefit of the Custodian. The relevant Custodian has no obligation to insure such Digital Asset 
against loss, theft or damage and the Issuer does not intend to insure against such risks. In addition, the 
Trustee is not responsible for ensuring that adequate insurance arrangements have been made, or for 
insuring the Digital Assets held in the Secured Wallets, and shall not be required to make any enquiry 
regarding such matters. 
The Custodians 
The initial Custodians appointed are Komainu (Jersey) Limited and Copper Technologies 
(Switzerland) AG. 
The Custodian is entitled to a fee, for its services under the Custody Agreement, based on the value of 
Digital Currency held in the Secured Wallets. Such fee will be paid by the Arranger out of the fee 
payable to it as described under the heading “Management Fee” in Part 1 (General). 
As assets under management increase, the Issuer may look to utilise additional custodians, in order to 
spread (de-risk) storage of the Issuer’s assets (in the interests of the Issuer and Security Holders), and to 
demonstrate that partiality is not being shown to any one Custodian and to make the Digital Securities 
more attractive to potential investors and the market in general. 
The Staking Agent 
The Issuer has entered into the Staking Agency Agreement with Valour, Inc. (the “Staking Agent”). 
Under the Conditions and the Trust Instrument and pursuant to the terms of the Staking Agency

--- Page 66 ---
63 
 
Agreement, the Issuer may agree with the Staking Agent to contribute certain of its assets to validators 
for the purpose of earning staking rewards.  
Under the terms of the Staking Agency Agreement, the Staking Agent will manage the amount of Digital 
Asset contributed for staking and will indemnify the Issuer against losses in relation to slashing. The 
Issuer will share staking rewards with Security Holders either in the form of a reduced management fee 
or an adjustment to the Digital Asset Entitlement.

--- Page 67 ---
64 
 
PART 5 
THE PROGRAMME 
 
Overview of the Programme 
Digital Securities are being made available by the Issuer for subscription only to Authorised Participants. 
Applications for Digital Securities will not be accepted unless the Issuer in its discretion determines to 
do so. Only Authorised Participants may apply for and/or redeem Digital Securities (except that in 
certain circumstances, including when there are no Authorised Participants, a Security Holder who is 
not an Authorised Participant may require redemption of Digital Securities in return for an amount of 
Digital Currency of the relevant Underlying Type (or in the cases of Basket Securities and Index 
Securities, of each Underlying Type) in an amount equal to the aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement, 
Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) of the Digital Securities to be redeemed 
or if such delivery is prohibited, by way of Cash Settlement, such cash to be obtained by the sale by the 
Digital Asset Sale Agent of the Digital Currency of the relevant Underlying Type (or in the cases of 
Basket Securities and Index Securities, of each Underlying Type) in an amount equal to the aggregate 
Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) of the Digital 
Securities being redeemed). 
A Security Holder of Digital Securities who is not an Authorised Participant who requires the 
redemption by way of delivery of Digital Currency may do so on a Business Day, in which case the 
Security Holder will, as long as certain conditions are met, receive delivery of an amount of Digital 
Currency of the relevant Underlying Type (or in the cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, of 
each Underlying Type) in an amount equal to the aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket 
Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) (minus all relevant deductions including a 
Physical Delivery Fee currently equal to one per cent. of the aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement< 
Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement to be redeemed) to its personal Digital Wallet. 
A Security Holder is defined in the Conditions as the person in whose name a Digital Security is 
registered. Under the Trust Instrument, the Issuer will recognise the registered holder of any Digital 
Securities as the absolute owner thereof and will not be bound to take notice or see to the execution of 
any trust whether express, implied or constructive to which any Digital Securities may be subject. 
Digital Securities are available to be issued in Certificated Form or in Uncertificated Form in the CREST 
System in accordance with the Uncertificated Regulations. See “CREST” below. Persons who apply for 
Digital Securities and wish to hold their Digital Securities in Uncertificated Form should so signify on 
the Application Form and complete the relevant sections of that form in accordance with the instructions 
thereon. See “CREST” below. 
Procedure for Application 
Only Authorised Participants may make an Application. An Authorised Participant who wishes to apply 
for Digital Securities should complete the Application Form in accordance with the instructions thereon 
and send it to the Issuer. 
For those Applicants who wish to hold their Digital Securities in Certificated Form, certificates in 
respect of the Digital Securities will be dispatched within 10 Business Days of the Digital Securities 
being issued. For those Applicants who desire to hold their Digital Securities in Uncertificated Form, 
the relevant CREST account will be credited on the day on which the Digital Securities are issued against 
payment. The Issuer considers it preferable that Digital Securities be held in Uncertificated Form. 
Notwithstanding any other provision in this document, the Issuer reserves the right to issue any Digital 
Securities in Certificated Form. In normal circumstances this right is only likely to be exercised in the 
event of any interruption, failure or breakdown of CREST (or any part of CREST), or on the part of the 
facilities and/or systems operated by the Registrar in connection with CREST. This right may also be

--- Page 68 ---
65 
 
exercised if the correct details (such as participant ID and member account details) are not provided as 
requested on the Application Form. No temporary documents of title will be issued and, pending 
dispatch of security certificates, transfers will be certified against the register. 
By completing and delivering an Application Form or lodging an Application order through the System, 
the Applicant confirms and agrees that: 
(a) it is not relying on any information or representation other than such as may be contained in this 
document; 
(b) no person responsible solely or jointly for this document or any part of it shall have any liability 
for any information or representation not contained in this document; 
(c) it is an Eligible Authorised Participant subject to the appropriate regulation in one or more of 
(i) a member state of the European Union, (ii) Jersey, (iii) the United Kingdom, and (iv) any 
another jurisdiction that is not a country or territory identified as presenting higher risks in the 
AML/CFT Handbook for regulated financial services business published by the Jersey Financial 
Services Commission from time to time; and 
(d) it understands that Digital Securities are direct, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer alone. 
Further details on new issues are set out in Part 4 (Description of the Digital Securities).  
Subscription for Digital Securities 
Subscriptions for Digital Securities must be equal to or greater than €100,000 in notional value of the 
Digital Currency to be delivered. All Digital Currency being used to apply for Digital Securities must 
be deposited into a Secured Wallet. To the extent that an Applicant deposits Digital Currency into a 
Secured Wallet in excess of the amount required for the number of Digital Securities applied for, or if 
the relevant Application is rejected, such excess Digital Currency will be returned to the relevant 
Applicant as soon as practicable. 
Duration of Trading 
It is expected that trading on exchanges in the EEA in respect of any class of Digital Securities will 
commence on the date of the listing of the Digital Securities of that class on a regulated market or MTF 
in Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, 
Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Malta, Poland, Slovakia, Spain and Sweden.  The 
Issuer intends a listing for all classes of Digital Securities on the SIX Swiss Exchange.   
Settlement 
Settlement via CREST 
The Issuer is a participating issuer in, and the Digital Securities are participating securities in, CREST, 
a paperless multi-currency electronic settlement procedure enabling securities (including debt securities) 
to be evidenced otherwise than by written instrument, and transferring such securities electronically 
with effective delivery versus payment. Accordingly, to the extent that the Digital Securities are issued 
in Uncertificated Form, settlement of transactions in the Digital Securities may take place within the 
CREST system.  
Digital Securities of each class are issued in uncertificated form, as uncertificated securities that are 
created by the Issuer by means of a registration in its register of uncertificated securities within the 
CREST system.

--- Page 69 ---
66 
 
Settlement on the SIX Swiss Exchange 
In Switzerland, all Digital Securities traded on the SIX Swiss Exchange will be settled through SIX SIS 
AG, Olten, Switzerland (SIS) and any additional clearing system approved by the SIX Swiss Exchange 
AG, Zurich, Switzerland (“SIX Swiss Exchange”), or any other additional clearing system specified in 
the Final Terms (“Relevant Clearing System”). Once the Digital Securities are registered with and 
entered into the main register of SIX SIS AG and entered in the securities account of one or more 
participants, the Digital Securities will qualify as intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) within the 
meaning of the Federal Act on Intermediated Securities.      
No responsibility for settlement systems 
Neither the Issuer nor the Trustee will have any responsibility for the performance by the relevant 
settlement systems, which are CREST and the responsible settlement systems associated with the 
exchanges on which the Digital Securities are intended to be listed or admitted to trading and any other 
marketplace that the Issuer decides to list on. 
Registers 
The Registrar will maintain the Registers in Jersey or Guernsey. 
Money Laundering Regulations 
The verification of identity requirements of Jersey’s anti-money laundering laws and regulations and/or 
any subsequent equivalent legislation will apply to the Programme and verification of the identity of the 
Authorised Participants for Digital Securities may be required.  
The anti-money laundering laws and regulations of other jurisdictions may also apply to the Programme 
and verification of the identity of the Authorised Participants. 
By lodging an Application Form or lodging an Application order through the System, each Authorised 
Participant confirms that it is subject to the Money Laundering (Jersey) Order 2008 (as amended from 
time to time) (in relation to Jersey), the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds 
(Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017 (in relation to the UK) and/or any other applicable anti-
money laundering laws and regulations and/or undertakes to provide such other evidence of identity as 
is required by the Issuer at the time of lodging the Application Form or order, or, at the absolute 
discretion of the Issuer, at such specified time thereafter as may be requested to ensure compliance with 
the Money Laundering (Jersey) Order 2008, the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer 
of Funds (Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017 and/or any other applicable legislation. 
The Issuer is entitled, in its absolute discretion, to determine whether the verification of identity 
requirements apply to any Authorised Participant and whether such requirements have been satisfied. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its agents shall be responsible or liable to any person for any loss or damage 
suffered as a result of the exercise of their discretion hereunder. 
No Application will be accepted by the Issuer unless evidence of such Authorised Participant’s identity 
satisfactory to the Issuer and its agents is provided.

--- Page 70 ---
67 
 
PART 6 
TRUST INSTRUMENT AND CONDITIONS 
 
The issue of Digital Securities of the Issuer (each having the Principal Amount stated in the Final Terms 
applicable to such Class and in the Class Schedule) having an aggregate Principal Amount of up to up 
to USD1,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies), was authorised pursuant to a resolution of 
the Board passed on or before 3 April 2023.  
The Digital Securities will provide exposure towards one or more types of Digital Currency and can be 
allocated into three main categories: 
(i) 
Single Digital Currency: each Class of Digital Securities of this category (Individual 
Securities) provides exposure to a single type of Digital Currency, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
Basket of Digital Currencies: each Class of Digital Securities of this category (Basket 
Securities) provides exposure to two or more types of Digital Currency in the form of a 
(generally) static basket of Digital Currencies, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
Index consisting of Digital Currencies: each Class of Digital Securities of this category 
(Index Securities) provides exposure to two or more types of Digital Currency comprising 
the constituents of a single Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Digital Securities will be constituted by the Trust Instrument, which is governed by Jersey law and 
secured by the Security Deed which is governed by English law. Under the terms of the Trust Instrument 
the Trustee may (subject to certain conditions) delegate all or any of its trusts, rights, powers, authorities, 
duties and discretions in respect of Digital Securities upon such terms and subject to such conditions 
and regulations as the Trustee may in the interests of the Security Holders think fit. 
The Trustee, The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c., is a public limited company registered in 
England with number 1675231 whose registered office is at 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London 
EC2N 4AG, United Kingdom and which was incorporated on 2 November 1982. 
Save in the case of its own fraud, wilful misconduct or gross negligence, the Trustee has no liability 
under the Trust Instrument for a breach of trust or otherwise 
The Trustee is not liable for any Liability which may result from the exercise or non-exercise of its 
trusts, rights, powers, authorities, duties and discretions under the Programme Documents. 
The extract from the Trust Instrument below is drafted in legal language; however, information on how 
the terms and conditions apply to Security Holders is contained throughout this Prospectus including 
Part 1 (General) and Part 4 (Description of Digital Securities). The conditions of issue of each class of 
Digital Securities are set out in the Trust Instrument. 
The following are the conditions applicable to the Digital Securities:  
“The Conditions – Digital Securities 
The Digital Securities are non-interest bearing, limited recourse, undated, secured debt securities of 
Valour Digital Securities Limited (the “Issuer”) and are constituted by, are issued subject to and have 
the benefit of, a trust instrument dated on 5 April 2023 between the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust 
Corporation p.l.c. as trustee for the holders of Digital Securities, and are governed by Jersey law.

--- Page 71 ---
68 
 
The Security Holders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by and are deemed to have notice of, all 
the provisions of the Trust Instrument and the Security Deed (as defined below) and the Conditions set 
out below.  
1. 
DEFINED TERMS AND INTERPRETATION 
1.1. 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following words and expressions have the following meanings: 
“Acceptable Delivery” in respect of Digital Securities to be Redeemed, means the Security 
Holder having delivered such Digital Securities: 
(a) in the case of Digital Securities in Certificated Form, by delivering the certificates in 
respect of such Digital Securities to the Issuer or an Affiliate of the Issuer (as directed 
by the Issuer) accompanied by such duly executed instruments of transfer and 
accompanying documentation as the Issuer may specify; 
(b) in the case of Digital Securities in Uncertificated Form, by depositing such Digital 
Securities into an account (as directed by the Issuer) of the Issuer or an Affiliate of the 
Issuer in CREST and giving correct delivery free of payment instructions in CREST; 
or 
(c) in any case by delivering such Digital Securities to the Issuer or an Affiliate of the Issuer 
in such manner as may be agreed with the Issuer; 
“Additional Asset” has the meaning given in Condition 17.4(a); 
“Adjustment Event” means, in respect of any Class of Digital Security, any of the 
following: 
(a) a Fork Event affecting the Underlying Assets in respect of that Class; 
(b) an Airdrop Event affecting the Underlying Assets in respect of that Class; 
(c) any other event or circumstance in which any Digital Currency or other asset is 
allocated or distributed to the Issuer in right of its ownership of the Underlying Assets 
and whether or not such allocation or distribution is subject to conditions; 
(d) any change to the market for transacting in Digital Currency or holding Digital 
Currency in custody, whether affecting Digital Currency in general or any Digital 
Currency forming the Underlying Assets or part thereof attributable to that Class; and 
(e) any change in the legal or regulatory status of any Digital Currency forming the 
Underlying Assets or part thereof attributable to that Class; 
“Affiliate” means: 
(a) in relation to the Issuer means any Subsidiary or Holding Company of the Issuer or any 
Subsidiary of any such Holding Company; and 
(b) in relation to any other person or entity, any other person or entity controlled, directly 
or indirectly, by that person or entity, any other person or entity that controls, directly 
or indirectly, that person or entity, or any other person or entity directly or indirectly 
under common control with that person or entity; and for this purpose, “control” of any

--- Page 72 ---
69 
 
entity or person means ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or 
person; 
“Agency Agreement” means the Determination Agency Agreement, the Digital Asset Sales 
Agency Agreement, the Staking Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement, the Registrar 
Agreement and any other agreement made by the Issuer with a person under which such 
agent is appointed from time to time in relation to the Digital Securities or the Digital 
Securities of any class or classes; 
“Agency Agreement Default” in respect of the Digital Securities of any class, means an 
Event of Default in respect of such class falling within paragraph (c) or (d) of the definition 
of “Event of Default” in Condition 14.9 (Events of Default); 
“Agents” means the Determination Agent, the Digital Asset Sales Agent, the Staking Agent, 
the Custodian and the Registrar or any of them and such other agent(s) as may be appointed 
from time to time in relation to the Digital Securities or the Digital Securities of any class or 
classes under the Determination Agency Agreement, the Digital Asset Sales Agency 
Agreement, the Staking Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement, the Registrar 
Agreement or any other agreement with the Issuer under which such agent is appointed from 
time to time in relation to the Digital Securities or the Digital Securities of any class or 
classes, as applicable, and any successor or replacement and “Agent” means any of them;  
“Airdrop Event” means any event or circumstance in which any digital asset is allocated or 
distributed to a holder of a Digital Currency in addition to its ownership of such Digital 
Currency, whether or not such allocation or distribution is subject to conditions; 
“Application” in respect of Digital Securities, means an offer by an Authorised Participant 
to the Issuer to subscribe for Digital Securities; 
“Arranger” means Valour, Inc. or any successor thereto; 
“Asset Acquisition” has the meaning given in Condition 17.5 (Fork Events and Airdrop 
Events – Supplementary Provisions – Asset Disposal and Asset Acquisition); 
“Asset Disposal” has the meaning given in Condition 17.5 (Fork Events and Airdrop Events 
– Supplementary Provisions – Asset Disposal and Asset Acquisition); 
“Asset Disposal Commencement Date” has the meaning given in Condition 17.5 (Fork 
Events and Airdrop Events – Supplementary Provisions – Asset Disposal and Asset 
Acquisition); 
“Authorised Participant” means, in respect of any Class of Digital Securities, any Eligible 
Authorised Participant that has entered into an Authorised Participant Agreement with the 
Issuer in relation to, inter alia¸ that Class of Digital Securities; 
“Authorised Participant Agreement” means a written agreement between the Issuer and 
another person under which such person is appointed to act as an “Authorised Participant”, 
distribution agent or in a substantially similar function in relation to Digital Securities, or 
Digital Securities of any class or classes, and if such agreement is subject to conditions 
precedent, provided that such conditions have been satisfied; 
“bankruptcy” includes the meanings given to such term under Article 8 of the Interpretation 
(Jersey) Law 1954;

--- Page 73 ---
70 
 
“Base Currency” means, in respect of any Class of Digital Securities, the currency of 
denomination of the Digital Securities of the class, as specified in the Class Schedule; 
“Basket Entitlement” in respect of any class of Basket Securities has the meaning given in 
Condition 5.3; 
“Basket Securities” means Digital Securities of a Class specified in Part B of the Class 
Schedule; 
“Basket Security Rebalancing” has the meaning given in Condition 6 (Rebalancing of 
Basket Securities); 
“Benchmark Administrator” means, in relation to an Index, the Benchmark Administrator 
specified as such in the Final Terms applicable to the relevant Class of Index Securities; 
“Board” means the board of directors of the Issuer or, as the context may require, the board 
of directors of the Issuer from time to time; 
“Cash Distribution” has the meaning given in Condition 17.6; 
“Cash Distribution Commencement Date” has the meaning given in Condition 17.6; 
“Cash Settlement” in relation to the Redemption of any Digital Securities, means settlement 
of the Issuer’s Redemption Obligations in respect thereof by sale of Digital Currency of the 
Underlying Type or, in the cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, of each 
Underlying Type and in each case payment of the net proceeds of sale to the relevant 
Security Holder in accordance with Condition 9.12 (Payment of Cash on Redemption) or 
Condition 10.8 (Payment of Cash on Compulsory Redemption); 
“Certificated” or “Certificated Form” means not in Uncertificated Form; 
“Class” or “class” means a class of Digital Securities having the same ISIN or other similar 
identifier, whatever the date of issue thereof; 
“Class Schedule” means Schedule 6 (Classes of Digital Securities) to the Trust Instrument.  
The Class Schedule may be amended by the Issuer to add new classes of Digital Securities 
without the consent of Security Holders in respect of any existing class by an instrument in 
writing signed on behalf of the Issuer; 
“Compulsory Redemption” means a redemption of Digital Securities in accordance with 
Condition 10 (Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee) and “Compulsorily 
Redeemed” shall be construed accordingly; 
“Compulsory Redemption Date” means in relation to any Redemption pursuant to 
Condition 10.1 (Compulsory Redemption on Termination) the date specified to be such by 
the Issuer pursuant to that Condition, in relation to any Redemption pursuant to 
Condition 10.2 (Compulsory Redemption on Issuer Insolvency Event) the date specified by 
the Trustee to be such pursuant to that Condition and in relation to any Redemption pursuant 
to Condition 10.5 (Compulsory Redemption for illegality or impossibility) the date specified 
to be such by the Issuer pursuant to that Condition; 
“Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date” means, in relation to any Redemption 
pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Compulsory Redemption on Issuer Insolvency Event), the date 
specified by the Trustee as such in accordance with that Condition and, in relation to any 
Redemption pursuant to Condition 10.1 (Compulsory Redemption on Termination),

--- Page 74 ---
71 
 
Condition 10.3 (Compulsory Redemption for Cause) or Condition 10.5 (Compulsory 
Redemption for illegality or impossibility), the date specified by the Issuer as such in 
accordance with that Condition; 
“Conditions” means these terms and conditions on and subject to which Digital Securities 
are issued in the form set out in Schedule 2 (The Conditions – Digital Securities) to the Trust 
Instrument as the same may from time to time be modified in accordance with the Trust 
Instrument and any reference herein to a particular specified Condition or paragraph or sub-
paragraph of such a Condition shall be construed accordingly; 
“CREST” means the system for the paperless settlement of trades and the holding of 
uncertificated securities operated by CrestCo in accordance with the Uncertificated 
Regulations; 
“CREST Business Day” means a day on which CREST is open for the purpose of effecting 
settlement of Digital Securities; 
“CrestCo” means Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (formerly known as CRESTCO Limited) 
incorporated in England and Wales under number 2878738 and with registered address at 
33 Cannon Street London EC4M 5SB London, United Kingdom; 
“Custodian” means, in respect of a Class of Digital Securities and Digital Currency of the 
Underlying Type or, in the cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, of an Underlying 
Type, in each case held by or for the Issuer in respect of such Class, such party appointed as 
custodian and any successor or replacement thereto in accordance with the terms of a 
Custody Agreement; 
“Custody Agreement” means any custody agreement relating to Underlying Assets entered 
into between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Trustee and the relevant Custodian; 
“Delivery Default” in respect of any Digital Security, means an Event of Default in respect 
of such Digital Security falling within paragraph (a) of the definition of “Event of Default” 
in Condition 14.9 (Events of Default); 
“Delivery Precision Level” means, in relation to a class of Digital Securities and 
Underlying Type, the level specified as such in the Final Terms applicable to such Class; 
“de minimis Amount” means US$5.00 or in the case of any payment to be made in the 
Settlement Currency, the equivalent in the Settlement Currency, rounded to the nearest five 
units of the Settlement Currency, as determined by the Determination Agent; 
“Determination Agency Agreement” means the determination agency agreement entered 
into between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Trustee and the Determination Agent; 
“Determination Agent” means JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited and any successor 
thereto or replacement thereof or any other entity appointed as determination agent in 
accordance with the terms of the Determination Agency Agreement; 
“Determination Agent Breach” has the meaning given in Condition 8.3(b); 
“Digital Asset” means, in the case of Individual Securities, the single Digital Currency 
specified in the Final Terms applicable to the relevant Class of Individual Securities and, in 
the case of Basket Securities and Index Securities, each Digital Currency specified in the 
Final Terms applicable to the relevant Class of Basket Securities or Index Securities (as the

--- Page 75 ---
72 
 
case may be), in each case subject to any Rebalancing or the consequences of any 
Adjustment Event; 
“Digital Asset Entitlement” means, as at any date and in relation to a Digital Security of 
any Class, the amount(s) of the Digital Currency of the Underlying Type or, in the cases of 
Basket Securities and Index Securities, of each Underlying Type in each case to which 
(subject as provided in the Conditions) the Security Holder is entitled on Redemption of that 
Digital Security on that date calculated in accordance with Condition 5 (Digital Asset 
Entitlement, Basket Entitlement and Index Entitlement); 
“Digital Asset Sales Agency Agreement” means the Digital Asset sales agreement entered 
into between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Trustee and the Digital Asset Sales Agent; 
“Digital Asset Sales Agent” means Valour, Inc. and any successor thereto or replacement 
thereof or any other entity appointed as Digital Asset Sales Agent in accordance with the 
terms of the Digital Asset Sales Agency Agreement; 
“Digital Currency” means money, scrip or other representation of value or contractual 
rights that can only be exchanged electronically on a Distributed Ledger (including, without 
limitation, each Underlying Type) and “Digital Currencies” shall be construed accordingly; 
“Digital Securities” means undated, limited recourse, secured debt securities of the Issuer 
constituted by the Trust Instrument of any of the Classes specified in the Class Schedule; 
“Digital Wallet” in relation to a Security Holder means the digital wallet of the Security 
Holder which will be used to receive or send Digital Currency;  
“Distributed Ledger” means a single, sequenced, standardised and cryptographically 
secured record of activity to be shared among and acted upon by multiple participants; 
“Eligible Authorised Participant” means a person with whom the Issuer may lawfully 
enter into an Authorised Participant Agreement, which is experienced in dealing in or 
brokering transactions in Digital Currency or assets that are similar to Digital Currency and 
is subject to the appropriate regulation to carry out such activity in each jurisdiction in which 
it may carry out transactions pursuant to the Authorised Participant Agreement; 
“Eligible Currency” means any of US Dollars, Pounds Sterling, Euro, Swedish Kroner  and 
Swiss Francs; 
“Entitlement Precision Level” means, in relation to a Class of Digital Securities and 
Underlying Type, the level specified as such in the Final Terms applicable to such Class; 
“Euro” or “Eur” or “€” means the lawful currency of those member states of the European 
Union that have adopted the single currency; 
“Event of Default” has the meaning given in Condition 14.9 (Events of Default); 
“Exchange Business Day” means, in relation to any Class of Digital Securities, a day on 
which the Relevant Stock Exchange (or, if there is more than one Relevant Stock Exchange 
in respect of such Class, each of them) is open for business; 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means, in respect of a particular Class or particular Classes 
taken together of Digital Securities, either (a) a resolution passed at a meeting of the holders 
of Digital Securities of such Class or Classes duly convened and held in accordance with the 
provisions contained in the Trust Instrument and carried by a majority consisting of not less

--- Page 76 ---
73 
 
than 75 per cent. in number of the persons voting thereat upon a show of hands or, if a poll 
is duly demanded, by a majority consisting of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. by 
Principal Amount of the Digital Securities of such Class or Classes voting on such poll or 
(b) a resolution in writing of holders of such Class or Classes of Digital Securities holding 
not less than 75 per cent. by Principal Amount of the Digital Securities of such Class or 
Classes; 
“Final Terms” in respect of any Class of Digital Securities means a document in respect of 
such Class constituting “Final Terms” as referred to in the Prospectus; 
“Fork Event” means the splitting of the code base underlying the Distributed Ledger 
applicable to a Digital Currency, potentially creating two or more Distributed Ledgers which 
may or may not be incompatible with each other, one in respect of that Digital Currency and 
one or more in respect of a different Digital Currency; 
“Further Securities” means securities issued by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 17 
(Further Securities; Other Pools; Fork Events; Consolidation and Division); 
“Holding Company” has the meaning given to that term in section 1159 of the Companies 
Act 2006 of the United Kingdom; 
“Index” in respect of any Class of Index Securities means the index specified as such in the 
Class Schedule or, if not in the Class Schedule, in the Final Terms applicable to the relevant 
Class of Index Securities; 
“Index Adjustment Event” means an Index Cancellation, Index Disruption and/or Index 
Modification; 
“Index Cancellation” means, in respect of an Index, a relevant Benchmark Administrator 
permanently cancels such Index and no Successor Index exists; 
“Index Disruption” means, in respect of an Index on any Business Day, the relevant 
Benchmark Administrator fails to calculate and announce such Index; 
“Index Entitlement” in respect of any class of Index Securities has the meaning given in 
Condition 5.4; 
“Index Handbook” in respect of any Class of Index Securities has the meaning given in 
respect of such class in the Class Schedule or, if not in the Class Schedule, in the Final Terms 
applicable to the relevant Class of Index Securities; 
“Index Modification” means. in respect of an Index, a relevant Benchmark Administrator 
announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating 
that Index, or in any other way materially modifies that Index (other than a modification 
prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event of changes in the 
constituent digital assets and capitalisation and other routine events); 
“Index Securities” means Digital Securities of a Class specified in Part C of the Class 
Schedule; 
“Index Security Rebalancing” has the meaning given in Condition 7 (Rebalancing of Index 
Securities); 
“Individual Certificate” means, in respect of Digital Securities in Certificated Form, a 
definitive certificate in registered form representing such Digital Securities;

--- Page 77 ---
74 
 
“Individual Securities” means Digital Securities of a Class specified in Part A of the Class 
Schedule; 
“Investment Company Act” means the United States Investment Company Act of 1940; 
“Investor Notice Expiry Date” has the meaning given in Condition 13.1; 
“Issuer” means Valour Digital Securities Limited, a company incorporated and registered 
in Jersey with registration number 144021 and having the LEI 9845007E2COKE69C9J55; 
“Issuer Business Day” or “Business Day” means a day which is both a London Business 
Day and a Jersey Business Day; 
“Issuer Insolvency Event” means the Issuer: 
(a) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing its inability 
generally to pay its debts as they become due; 
(c) makes a general assignment, scheme, arrangement or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors, including, without limitation, a compromise or arrangement of 
the type referred to in Article 125 of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991; 
(d) institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented 
against it, such proceeding or petition (A) results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-
up or liquidation or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case 
within 30 days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(e) has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), including, without 
limitation, any procedure or process referred to in Part 21 of the Companies (Jersey) 
Law 1991; 
(f) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets; 
(g) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on 
or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, 
or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case 
within 30 days thereafter; 
(h) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) 
to (g) (inclusive); or 
(i) 
takes any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or 
acquiescence in, any of the foregoing acts;

--- Page 78 ---
75 
 
“Issuer’s 
Website” 
means 
the 
website 
having 
the 
following 
internet 
address: www.valour.com or such other internet address as may be used by the Issuer and 
notified to Security Holders and the Trustee; 
“Jersey” means the Island of Jersey, Channel Islands; 
“Jersey Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a public holiday 
in Jersey) on which commercial banks generally are open for the transaction of business in 
Jersey; 
“Liability” means any loss, liability, cost, claim, damages, expense (including, but not 
limited to, legal costs and expenses) or demand (or actions in respect thereof), judgment, 
interest on any judgment, assessment, fees or amounts paid in settlement of any action or 
claim, and “Liabilities” shall be construed accordingly; 
“Listing” in respect of a class of Digital Securities, means the admission of that Class of 
Digital Securities to trading on the Relevant Stock Exchange becoming effective; 
“London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a public holiday 
in England) on which commercial banks generally are open for the transaction of business 
in London; 
“Management Fee” means in respect of a Class of Digital Securities the management fee 
payable by the Issuer to the Arranger or any Affiliate or successor of the Arranger in 
consideration for the provision by the Arranger or any Affiliate of the Arranger of all 
management and administration services in relation to the Programme, as set out in the 
Prospectus, as that amount may be adjusted from time to time as set out in the Prospectus, 
provided that, notwithstanding and without prejudice to any statement in the Prospectus, the 
Issuer may implement any temporary or permanent reduction in the Management Fee in 
relation to Digital Securities of any Staking Class in accordance with Condition 5.6 
(Staking); 
“Node” means an individual database instance in a blockchain containing a copy of the full 
ledger of such database, and capable of validating transactions within such database; 
“Notice Deadline” means 4.30 p.m.; 
“outstanding” means, for the purposes of the Conditions, the Trust Instrument and the 
Security Deed, in relation to a class of Digital Securities and any date, all the Digital 
Securities issued on or prior to such date other than: 
(a)  those that have been redeemed in accordance with Condition 10 (Compulsory 
Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee); 
(b)  those that have been cancelled for any reason; 
(c)  those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the Redemption 
Amount (or the net proceeds of sale in respect thereof (less the Redemption Fee and 
any applicable Redemption Deductions)) has been duly delivered or paid to the Trustee; 
(d)  those that have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed; 
(e)  those which have been issued and which are pending settlement to an Authorised 
Participant but in respect of which the relevant Authorised Participant(s) has not

--- Page 79 ---
76 
 
delivered or paid in full the relevant subscription amount under the Authorised 
Participant Agreement; and 
(f)  those that have been purchased, settled and cancelled or held as Treasury Securities as 
provided in Condition 9 (Redemption of Digital Securities) or Condition 10 
(Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee) and Condition 18.1 (Treasury 
Securities) (as applicable), 
provided that for the purposes of (1) ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any meeting 
of the Security Holders or participate in any resolution in writing of the Security Holders, 
(2) the determination of how many Digital Securities are outstanding for the purposes of the 
Conditions, the Trust Instrument and the Security Deed and (3) the exercise of any 
discretion, power or authority that the Trustee is required, expressly or impliedly, to exercise 
in or by reference to the interests of the Security Holders, those Digital Securities that are 
beneficially held by, for the benefit of or on behalf of the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer 
or by, for the benefit of or on behalf of the Arranger or any Affiliate of the Arranger and not 
cancelled shall (unless no longer so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Digital Securities (if any) which the Issuer has agreed on or prior 
to such date to issue but in respect of which delivery or payment of the relevant subscription 
amount has not been received in full from the relevant Authorised Participant(s) and 
settlement to such relevant Authorised Participant(s) has not yet occurred shall not be 
deemed to be “outstanding” on such date; 
“Physical Delivery” in relation to the Redemption of any Digital Security, means delivery 
of Digital Currency of the Underlying Type or, in the cases of Basket Securities and Index 
Securities, of each Underlying Type in each case in accordance with Condition 9.11 
(Delivery of Digital Currency on Redemption) or Condition 10.7 (Delivery of Digital 
Currency on Compulsory Redemption); 
“Physical Delivery Fee” means, in respect of any Class of Digital Securities and Underlying 
Type, the fee specified as such, expressed as a percentage of the applicable Digital Asset 
Entitlement, in the Class Schedule or, if not in the Class Schedule, in the Final Terms 
applicable to the relevant Class of Digital Securities or such other amount which (a) in the 
case of an increase to the Physical Delivery Fee in respect of any Class of Digital Securities 
or any Underlying Type, shall be notified to the Security Holders in respect of such class by 
a RIS announcement no less than 30 days prior to such increased fee becoming effective; or 
(b) in the case of a decrease to the Physical Delivery Fee in respect of any Class of Digital 
Securities or any Underlying Type, shall be applicable with effect from such date (which 
may be retrospective) as may be determined by the Issuer and notified to Security Holders 
by a RIS announcement as soon as practicable after such determination; 
“Pool” means a separate pool of assets to which Digital Securities of a particular Class are 
attributable; 
“Portal” means such system as may be made available to Authorised Participants to request 
the issue and Redemption of Digital Securities via a website operated by or on behalf of the 
Issuer; 
“Pounds Sterling” or “Sterling” or “GBP” or “£” means the lawful currency of the United 
Kingdom; 
“Principal Amount” means, in respect of each Class of Digital Securities, the amount 
specified as such in the Class Schedule;

--- Page 80 ---
77 
 
“Programme” means the programme for the issue of Digital Securities by the Issuer; 
“Programme Document” means, in respect of each class of Digital Securities, each of the 
Trust Instrument, the Security Deed, each Custody Agreement, the Determination Agency 
Agreement, the Digital Asset Sales Agency Agreement, the Staking Agency Agreement, the 
Registrar Agreement, any other Agency Agreement and each Authorised Participant 
Agreement and “Programme Documents” means all such documents; 
“Programme Party” means a party to a Programme Document (other than the Issuer and 
the Security Holders); 
“Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor” means any “employee benefit plan” within the meaning 
of section 3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended (“ERISA”), subject to Part 4. Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, any “plan” to which 
section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, (the “Code”) applies 
(collectively, “Plans”), any entity whose underlying assets include “plan assets” of any of 
the foregoing Plans within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3 101 or section 3(42) of 
ERISA, as they may be modified, by reason of a Plan’s investment in such entity, any 
governmental or church plan that is subject to any U.S. Federal, state or local law that is 
similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or 
any person who holds Digital Securities on behalf of, for the benefit of or with any assets of 
any such Plan or entity; 
“Prospectus” means the base prospectus of the Issuer in relation to the Digital Securities, 
as the same may be modified, supplemented or amended from time to time; 
“Rebalancing” means a Basket Security Rebalancing or an Index Security Rebalancing; 
“Rebalancing Date” means: 
(a)  in respect of a Required Rebalancing, the date(s) on which the Index rebalances in 
accordance with its methodology or, if such date is not an Issuer Business Day, the 
following Issuer Business Day; and 
(b)  in respect of a Voluntary Rebalancing, the date(s) so notified to Security Holders by the 
Issuer; 
“Rebalancing Index Adjustment Event” means the occurrence of an Index Adjustment 
Event that the Issuer determines necessitates an adjustment to the Index Entitlement in 
respect of a Class of Index Securities pursuant to a Voluntary Rebalancing in accordance 
with Condition 7 (Rebalancing of Index Securities); 
“Redemption” means the redemption of Digital Securities by the Issuer in accordance with 
the Conditions (and “Redeem” shall be construed accordingly); 
“Redemption Amount” in respect of: 
(a) any Digital Securities to be Redeemed by Physical Delivery, means the aggregate 
Digital Asset Entitlement of such Digital Securities as at the Settlement Date rounded 
down to the Delivery Precision Level less (in the case of Redemption by Physical 
Delivery in accordance with Condition 9.4 (Redemption by other Security Holders 
seeking Physical Delivery), an amount of the Digital Currency of the relevant 
Underlying Type attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property in respect of 
such Digital Securities rounded up to the Delivery Precision Level equal to the Physical 
Delivery Fee) and in each case less an amount of such Digital Currency having a value

--- Page 81 ---
78 
 
equal (in the opinion of the Determination Agent) to the Redemption Fee and any other 
Redemption Deductions rounded up to the Delivery Precision Level; and 
(b) any Digital Securities to be Redeemed by Cash Settlement, means an amount in the 
Settlement Currency equal to the net proceeds of sale (and conversion into the 
Settlement Currency if not sold for cash in the Settlement Currency) of the aggregate 
Digital Asset Entitlement of such Digital Securities rounded down to the Delivery 
Precision Level of such Digital Securities in accordance with Condition 9.12 (Payment 
of Cash on Redemption) or Condition 10.8 (Payment of Cash on Compulsory 
Redemption) as at the date on which settlement of such sale was completed less the 
Redemption Fee and any other Redemption Deductions, 
provided that in the case of Basket Securities and Index Securities the Redemption Amount 
shall be calculated separately in Digital Currency of each Underlying Type attributable to or 
forming part of the Secured Property in respect of such Digital Securities comprised in the 
Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be); 
“Redemption Deductions” in respect of any Digital Securities to be Redeemed means an 
amount equal to the costs, charges and/or fees incurred by the Issuer in connection with such 
Redemption, including, without limitation: 
(a) in respect of any Redemption to be effected by Physical Delivery, any costs incurred 
by the Issuer, the Custodian(s), the Digital Asset Sales Agent or any other of the Issuer’s 
agents as part of a sale or purchase of Digital Currency; 
(b) any banking fees or costs incurred as part of transfer of cash or Digital Currency 
between accounts of the Issuer and/or any Security Holder; 
(c) in respect of any Redemption to be effected by Cash Settlement, any costs incurred as 
part of currency conversions which may be necessary to facilitate the Redemption; 
(d) any Blockchain network fees which are incurred as part of transfer of Digital Currency 
from one Digital Wallet to another Digital Wallet; 
(e) any costs, fees and expenses of the Trustee incurred in relation to enforcing the Security 
and taking any steps required as a part of a sale, a purchase or the transfer of Digital 
Currency; 
(f) any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority thereof having power to tax;  
(g) in respect of a Compulsory Redemption of Digital Securities pursuant to Condition 10.3 
(Compulsory Redemption for Cause), the cost to the Issuer incurred in relation to the 
Redemption, including the costs of enquiries under Condition 13 (Enquiries as to Status 
of Security Holders) and the cost of giving such notice, being not greater than US$500 
or such other amount as may be notified through a RIS; and 
(h) any other costs, fees, expenses or other amounts, details of which are included in the 
Prospectus or notice of which has been given to the Security Holders, or the Security 
Holders of the relevant class, by a RIS announcement, 
in each case to the extent that the Issuer determines to charge such costs, charges and/or fees 
to the Security Holder in respect of such Redemption or such costs, charges and/or fees are

--- Page 82 ---
79 
 
payable by the Security Holder pursuant to the Conditions.  In the case of a Redemption to 
be settled by Physical Delivery, the amount of Digital Currency of the Underlying Type or, 
in the cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, of each Underlying Type in each case 
to be deducted on account of Redemption Deductions shall be as determined by the 
Determination Agent. In the case of any Redemption to be effected by way of Cash 
Settlement, the amount of any Redemption Deductions not denominated in the currency of 
payment shall be translated into an amount in the currency of payment as determined by the 
Determination Agent; 
“Redemption Fee” means the fee payable by a Security Holder on the redemption of Digital 
Securities pursuant to Condition 12 (Redemption Fee); 
“Redemption Notice” means a notice in the applicable form (which may vary in content 
depending on the method of Redemption required or elected for such Digital Securities and 
the form in which the Digital Securities are held) prescribed from time to time by the Issuer 
for requesting Redemption of Digital Securities and includes a Redemption Order and 
reference to a Redemption Notice being “lodged” includes a Redemption Order being given 
through the Portal and reference to a copy of a Redemption Notice in the context of a 
Redemption Order includes a copy of a report generated through the Portal containing the 
details of such Redemption Order; 
“Redemption Notice Date” means an Issuer Business Day on which a valid Redemption 
Notice is received by the Issuer provided that a Redemption Notice received after the Notice 
Deadline on an Issuer Business Day will be treated as having been received on the 
immediately following Issuer Business Day; 
“Redemption Obligations” means the obligation of the Issuer on Redemption of a Digital 
Security to make payment or deliver Digital Currency of the Underlying Type or, in the cases 
of Basket Securities and Index Securities, of each Underlying Type in each case to the 
relevant Security Holder in accordance with the Conditions; 
“Redemption Order” means a request to Redeem Digital Securities given by an Authorised 
Participant through the Portal in accordance with the relevant Authorised Participant 
Agreement; 
“Reference Price”, in respect of each type of Digital Currency to which a Basket Security 
or an Index Security relates and a Rebalancing, means the reference price source or method 
specified or referred to in the Class Schedule or, if not in the Class Schedule, in the 
applicable Final Terms, in respect of such Basket Security or Index Security; 
“Register” with respect to each Class of Digital Securities issued in registered form or in 
dematerialised uncertificated registered form, means the register maintained in Jersey or 
Guernsey by the Registrar of persons holding the Digital Securities of that Class; 
“Registrar” with respect to a Class of Digital Securities issued in registered form or in 
dematerialised uncertificated registered form, means such party as may be appointed by the 
Issuer from time to time to maintain the Register; 
“Registrar Agreement” with respect to a Class of Digital Securities issued in registered 
form or in dematerialised uncertificated registered form, means any agreement for the 
provision of registry services entered into between the Registrar, the Issuer and the Trustee; 
“Relevant Stock Exchange” means, in relation to any Class of Digital Securities, the stock 
exchange or market specified in the Prospectus (including the applicable Final Terms as

--- Page 83 ---
80 
 
defined in the Prospectus) and/or any other stock exchange on which Digital Securities of 
that Class may be admitted to listing or trading; 
“repay”, “redeem” and “pay” shall each include both the others and cognate expressions 
shall be construed accordingly; 
“Required Rebalancing” has the meaning given in Condition 7 (Rebalancing of Index 
Securities); 
“RIS” means a regulated information service for the purposes of giving information relating 
to the Digital Securities, or the Digital Securities of any class or classes, under the rules of 
the Relevant Stock Exchange chosen by the Issuer from time to time; 
“Secured Creditor” in respect of any Class of Digital Securities means the Trustee and the 
Security Holders in respect of such Class; 
“Secured Property” means, in respect of any Class of Digital Securities and any Pool, 
subject as provided in the Security Deed, (a) all rights of the Issuer under each Custody 
Agreement (i) to and in relation to the Digital Currency held pursuant to the Custody 
Agreement to the extent that the same relate to the relevant Pool; and (ii) to the extent that 
such rights apply to deliveries or payments due in respect of Digital Securities of that Class, 
or any part thereof, and (b) all rights of the Issuer in relation to the Digital Currency held for 
the relevant Pool, in each case which are subject to the security created in favour of the 
Trustee pursuant to the Security Deed as it applies in respect of such class; 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
“Security” means, in respect of each Pool, the security constituted by the Security Deed to 
the extent applicable to such Pool; 
“Security Deed” means the Security Deed dated on or about the date of the Trust Instrument 
between the Issuer and the Trustee and, in respect of each Pool to which a class of Digital 
Securities is attributable, the same as it applies to that Pool; 
“Security Holder” means the person in whose name a Digital Security is registered; 
“Security Holder Account” means: 
(a)  in relation to any Digital Securities to be Redeemed by Physical Delivery, a Digital 
Wallet able to receive the relevant Digital Currency; and 
(b)  in relation to any Digital Securities to be Redeemed by Cash Settlement and any other 
payment specified to be due by the Issuer to a Security Holder under these Conditions, 
an account in the Settlement Currency, 
which, in the case of an Authorised Participant, shall be notified in writing for such purposes 
by the Authorised Participant to the Issuer and the Trustee from time to time, and in the case 
of a Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant, shall be as specified in the 
applicable Redemption Notice; 
“Settlement Currency” means, in relation to a particular Class of Digital Securities, the 
Eligible Currency specified as such in the Class Schedule or, if not in the Class Schedule, in 
the Final Terms applicable to such Class;

--- Page 84 ---
81 
 
“Settlement Date” in relation to any Redemption pursuant to Condition 9 (Redemption of 
Digital Securities) means the date determined in accordance with Condition 9.14 and in 
relation to any issue of Digital Securities means the date on which such Digital Securities 
were issued.  For the purposes of any Application, such date shall, unless otherwise agreed 
with the relevant Authorised Participant either generally or in any particular case, be the 
second Issuer Business Day or, if later, the second Exchange Business Day following the 
applicable Application, provided that if either such day is not both an Issuer Business Day 
and an Exchange Business Day, the Settlement Date shall be the immediately following day 
which is both an Issuer Business Day and an Exchange Business Day; 
“Slashing Penalty” means any penalty or reduction applied to any Staked Digital Assets as 
a result of any non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with Staking rules or procedures 
or unavailability or slow, incorrect or malicious performance other than missed rewards or 
imperfect yields resulting from inefficient staking or inactive Nodes or network-forced 
inactivity; 
“Staked Digital Assets” means Digital Currency of the Underlying Type applied for 
Staking; 
“Staking” means the non-custodial contribution of Digital Currency associated with a given 
decentralised network to such network for the purpose of facilitating, validating and 
approving transactions on such network; 
“Staking Agency Agreement” means the staking agency agreement entered into between, 
inter alios, the Issuer, the Trustee and the Staking Agent;  
“Staking Agent” means Valour, Inc. and any successor thereto or replacement thereof or 
any other entity appointed as staking agent in accordance with the terms of the Staking 
Agency Agreement; 
“Staking Class” has the meaning given in Condition 5.6 (Staking); 
“Staking Rewards” means the receipt of the Digital Currency associated with a given 
decentralized network from such network as a reward for Staking on such network; 
“Staking Transaction” means any application of Digital Currency of any type for Staking; 
“Subsidiary” has the meaning given to that term in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006 
of the United Kingdom; 
“Swedish Kroner” or “SEK” means the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Sweden; 
“Swiss Francs” or “CHF” means the lawful currency of the Swiss Confederation; 
“Tax” means any tax, duty, assessment or charge of whatsoever nature (including, without 
limitation, any tax on income, profits, gains, net wealth, asset values or turnover, value added 
tax, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, excise, severance, sales, use, transfer, documentary, 
recording tax or duty or any other similar tax, duty or charge) imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by any government, applicable tax authority or jurisdiction; 
“Tranche” means, in relation to a class of Digital Securities issued on any date, the Digital 
Securities of that class that are issued on the same date with the same Principal Amount; 
“Treasury Securities” means Digital Securities held by or for the account of the Arranger 
or an Affiliate of the Arranger or the Issuer or an Affiliate of the Issuer either (a) which have

--- Page 85 ---
82 
 
been issued without delivery to the Issuer of Digital Currency of the relevant Underlying 
Type or, in the cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, of each relevant Underlying 
Type in each case pursuant to Condition 16.3 or (b)  the rights of the Issuer in respect of the 
Underlying Assets relating to which have been released from the security constituted by the 
Security Deed pursuant to Condition 18.1(b) or (c) which are otherwise held in accordance 
with Condition 18.1 (Treasury Securities); 
“Trust Instrument” means the trust instrument dated on 5 April 2023 between the Issuer 
and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as trustee for the Security Holders including 
the Schedules thereto and any trust instrument supplemental thereto and the schedules (if 
any) thereto; 
“Trustee” means The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. appointed as such under the 
Trust Instrument and includes any replacement trustee under the Trust Instrument; 
“Trustee Consent Documents” means the Trust Instrument, the Security Deed and each 
Agency Agreement to which the Trustee is a party; 
“uncertificated”, “Uncertificated”, “uncertificated form” and “Uncertificated Form” 
means recorded on the Register as being held in uncertificated form, title to which, by virtue 
of the Uncertificated Regulations, may be transferred by means of CREST; 
“Uncertificated Notice of Meeting” means in relation to any Digital Securities in 
Uncertificated Form an uncertificated notice of meeting in accordance with the rules and 
operating procedures applicable to CREST; 
“Uncertificated Regulations” means the Companies (Uncertificated Securities) (Jersey) 
Order 1999; 
“Underlying Assets” in respect of any Class of Digital Securities, means the Digital 
Currency of the Underlying Type or, in the cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, 
of each Underlying Type in each case held by or for the Issuer in respect of such Class; 
“Underlying Type” in respect of any Class of Digital Securities, means the type or types of 
Digital Currency specified in the Class Schedule or, if not in the Class Schedule, in the Final 
Terms applicable to the relevant Class of Digital Securities; 
“United Kingdom” means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland; 
“United States” or “U.S.” means the United States of America, its territories and 
possessions, any state of the United States and the District of Columbia; 
“US Dollars” or “US$” or “USD” means United States dollars; 
“VAT” means value added tax; 
“Voluntary Rebalancing” has the meaning given in Condition 7 (Rebalancing of Index 
Securities); 
“Weight Adjustment Factor” means: 
(a) in respect of a Class of Basket Securities and a relevant day, an amount determined by 
the Determination Agent that represents a change in the Digital Asset Entitlement for a 
Digital Currency of each relevant Underlying Type comprised in the Basket Entitlement 
for that class of Basket Securities to reflect the quantities of such Digital Currency held

--- Page 86 ---
83 
 
in respect of the Basket Securities following a Basket Security Rebalancing (which 
includes execution costs, slippage and other costs involved in the Rebalancing), which 
shall be zero on any day other than a Rebalancing Date; and 
(b) in respect of a Class of Index Securities and a relevant day, an amount determined by 
the Determination Agent that represents a change in the Digital Asset Entitlement for a 
Digital Currency of each relevant Underlying Type comprised in the Index Entitlement 
for that class of Index Securities to reflect the quantities of such Digital Currency held 
in respect of the Index Securities following an Index Security Rebalancing (which 
includes execution costs, slippage and other costs involved in the Rebalancing), which 
shall be zero on any day other than a Rebalancing Date; and 
“Weights” in respect of a Basket Security Rebalancing has the meaning given in Condition 6 
(Rebalancing of Basket Securities) and in respect of an Index Security Rebalancing means 
the effective percentage weights of the Digital Currencies of each relevant Underlying Type 
in the Index derived by the Determination Agent for the purposes of that Index Security 
Rebalancing based on information supplied by or on behalf of the Benchmark Administrator 
in respect of the Index or by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Arranger. 
1.2. 
The following rules shall apply to the interpretation of these Conditions unless the context 
otherwise requires: 
(a) 
Headings to Conditions, paragraphs, and other provisions of these Conditions 
are inserted for ease of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of 
these Conditions. 
(b) 
Any reference to a person or persons includes reference to any individual, 
corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, public body, governmental 
authority or other entity. 
(c) 
Words in the singular shall also include the plural and vice versa. 
(d) 
Words in the masculine gender shall also include the feminine gender and vice 
versa; 
(e) 
Any reference to these Conditions or to any agreement, deed, prospectus or other 
document includes a reference to these Conditions, or, as the case may be, such 
agreement, deed, prospectus or other document, as amended, varied, novated, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
(f) 
All references in these Conditions to any statute or any provision of any statute 
shall be deemed also to refer to any statutory modification or re-enactment 
thereof or any statutory instrument, order or regulation made thereunder or under 
any such modification or re-enactment. 
(g) 
Unless otherwise indicated, any reference in these Conditions to a time is a 
reference to local time in London, England. 
2. 
STATUS OF DIGITAL SECURITIES 
2.1. 
Digital Securities constitute non-interest bearing undated limited recourse secured debt 
obligations of the Issuer secured as set out in Condition 3 (Security and Limited Recourse). 
The Digital Securities of each Class rank pari passu among themselves.  Each Digital 
Security has a Principal Amount and, without prejudice to Condition 9 (Redemption of 
Digital Securities) but subject always to the provisions of Condition 3.2 (Limited Recourse),

--- Page 87 ---
84 
 
a Security Holder may elect to receive on redemption an amount in cash equal to the 
Principal Amount in lieu of the amount otherwise specified in Condition 9. The Issuer 
acknowledges in the Trust Instrument its indebtedness in respect of the aggregate Principal 
Amount. 
2.2. 
Digital Securities do not bear interest and have no final maturity date. 
3. 
SECURITY AND LIMITED RECOURSE 
3.1. 
Security 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of each Class of Digital Security are secured pursuant 
to the Security Deed by a first ranking floating charge in favour of the Trustee for the 
Security Holders over the Secured Property attributable to that Class, and by an assignment 
to the Trustee by way of security of all the Issuer's rights in relation to each Custody 
Agreement to the extent that it relates to such Class. 
3.2. 
Limited Recourse 
The Trustee and the Security Holders of any Class of Digital Securities shall have recourse 
only to the Secured Property relating to the relevant Pool and any sums derived therefrom. 
If, the Trustee (or any other secured party) having realised the same, the net proceeds are 
insufficient for the Issuer to make all payments and meet all obligations which, but for the 
effect of this Condition, would then be due, (a) the obligations of the Issuer to each Security 
Holder shall be satisfied by delivery to the Security Holder of, and limited to, the Relevant 
Proportion of such net proceeds of realisation following satisfaction of prior ranking claims, 
where the “Relevant Proportion” is the proportion that the Digital Securities of the relevant 
Class held by such Security Holder bears to the total number of the Digital Securities of that 
Class outstanding, (b) neither the Trustee nor any person acting on its behalf shall be entitled 
to take any further steps against the Issuer to recover any further sums or property and (c) no 
debt shall be owed by the Issuer to any such person in respect of any such further sum or 
property. In particular, neither the Trustee nor any Security Holder shall be entitled to 
institute, nor join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining, in relation to the 
Issuer any bankruptcy, suspension of payments, moratorium of any indebtedness, winding 
up, reorganisation, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding or other proceeding 
under any similar law (whether court based or otherwise) (except for the appointment of a 
receiver and manager pursuant to the Security Deed) for two years (or, if later, the longest 
suspense period, preference period or similar period (howsoever described) ending with the 
onset of insolvency in respect of which transactions entered into by the Issuer within such 
period may be subject to challenge under applicable insolvency or other proceedings) plus 
one day after the date on which all amounts payable under the last outstanding Digital 
Security of any class issued by the Issuer and constituted by the Trust Instrument are repaid, 
nor shall they have any claim in respect of any sum arising or other obligation in respect of 
the Secured Property for any other Pool or any other assets of the Issuer.  The provisions of 
this Condition 3.2 shall survive notwithstanding any redemption of the Digital Securities or 
the termination or expiration of any Programme Document. 
4. 
FORM AND TITLE 
4.1. 
The Digital Securities shall be participating securities for the purposes of the Uncertificated 
Regulations. All Digital Securities of the same Class shall have the same Base Currency.

--- Page 88 ---
85 
 
4.2. 
Digital Securities in Uncertificated Form may be held and transferred by means of CREST 
in accordance with the Uncertificated Regulations. Digital Securities in Uncertificated Form 
shall be cleared through CREST. 
4.3. 
A Security Holder may request that his Digital Securities be held in Certificated Form, in 
which case such Digital Securities shall be removed from CREST and an Individual 
Certificate in respect thereof issued in accordance with the Trust Instrument. 
4.4. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, for so long as the Digital 
Securities are participating securities: (i) the Register shall be maintained in Jersey or 
Guernsey and at all times outside of the United Kingdom, (ii) the Digital Securities may be 
issued in uncertificated form in accordance with and subject as provided in the 
Uncertificated Regulations and (iii) for the avoidance of doubt, the Conditions in respect of 
the Digital Securities shall remain applicable notwithstanding that they are not endorsed on 
any certificate or document of title. 
4.5. 
The Trustee and the Security Holders or any of them and any person authorised by any such 
person shall be at liberty at all reasonable times during office hours to inspect the Registers 
and to take (free of charge) copies of, or extracts from, the same or any part thereof. In the 
event of the Trustee requiring to convene a meeting of, or to give any notice to, the Security 
Holders the Issuer shall furnish the Trustee (free of charge) with such copies of, or extracts 
from, the Registers as it shall require. Where the Issuer or the Trustee considers it necessary 
or expedient for the purposes of enforcing the provisions of the Trust Instrument or the 
purposes of Redeeming any Digital Securities in Uncertificated Form, they are hereby 
authorised to execute any document or instrument necessary to convert Digital Securities 
held in Uncertificated Form into Certificated Form and to take delivery of the corresponding 
certificate(s). 
4.6. 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Security 
Holder of any Digital Security shall be deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute 
owner of such Digital Security for the purpose of receiving payment thereof or on account 
thereof and for all other purposes, whether or not such Digital Security shall be overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing thereon made 
by anyone and no person will be liable for so treating the holder. 
5. 
DIGITAL ASSET ENTITLEMENT, BASKET ENTITLEMENT AND INDEX ENTITLEMENT 
5.1. 
Digital Securities may be issued as Individual Securities, Basket Securities or Index 
Securities. 
5.2. 
Each class of Digital Security which is an Individual Security will have a separate Digital 
Asset Entitlement as follows: 
(a) 
The initial Digital Asset Entitlement on the date of issue and first admission to 
trading of the first Tranche of Individual Securities of a Class will be as set out 
in the Class Schedule or, if not in the Class Schedule, in the Final Terms in 
relation to that class of Individual Securities. 
(b) 
For any day following the date of issue and first admission to trading of the first 
Tranche of each Class of Individual Securities, the Digital Asset Entitlement in 
respect of an Individual Security of a class will be calculated by the 
Determination Agent daily to the applicable Entitlement Precision Level, 
subject, in the case of Individual Securities of any Staking Class, as may be

--- Page 89 ---
86 
 
provided in any notice published in accordance with Condition 5.6(b), in 
accordance with the following formula: 
AE(i,t) = AE(i,t-1) x (1 - MF(i,t))1/N 
where: 
i  
refers to the relevant Class of Individual Security; 
t  
refers to the applicable day (with t-1 being the previous day); 
AE(i,t)  
is the Digital Asset Entitlement for that Class of Individual Securities 
for day t; 
AE(i,t-1)  is the Digital Asset Entitlement for that Class of Individual Securities 
on the previous day; 
MF(i,t)  
is the per annum Management Fee applicable to that Class of 
Individual Securities on day t, expressed as a decimal (so that by way 
of example 98 basis points per annum is expressed as 0.0098 or 
0.98%); and 
N  
is the number of days in the calendar year (365 or 366). 
5.3. 
Each Class of Digital Security which is a Basket Security will have a separate basket 
entitlement (“Basket Entitlement”) as follows: 
(a) 
The Basket Entitlement of each Basket Security will comprise the separate 
Digital Asset Entitlements in respect of each type of Digital Currency to which 
such Basket Security relates (as specified in the Class Schedule or, if not in the 
Class Schedule, in the Final Terms applicable to the relevant Class of Basket 
Securities).  The Basket Entitlement will equal the aggregate of each Digital 
Asset Entitlement. 
(b) 
The initial Basket Entitlement on the date of issue and first admission to trading 
of the first Tranche of Basket Securities of a Class will be as set out in the Class 
Schedule or, if not in the Class Schedule, in the Final Terms applicable to the 
relevant Class of Basket Securities. 
(c) 
For any day following the date of issue and first admission to trading of the first 
Tranche of each Class of Basket Securities, each Digital Asset Entitlement in 
respect of a Basket Security of a class will, subject to Condition 6 (Rebalancing 
of Basket Securities), be calculated daily to the applicable Entitlement Precision 
Level, subject, in the case of Basket Securities of any Staking Class, as may be 
provided in any notice published in accordance with Condition 5.6(b), in 
accordance with the formula in Condition 5.2(b) where: 
i  
refers to the relevant Class of Basket Security and the relevant type of 
Digital Currency; 
t  
refers to the applicable day (with t-1 being the previous day); 
AE(i,t)  
is the Digital Asset Entitlement for that Class of Basket Securities and 
that type of Digital Currency for day t;

--- Page 90 ---
87 
 
AE(i,t-1)  is the Digital Asset Entitlement for that Class of Basket Securities and 
that type of Digital Currency on the previous day; 
MF(i,t) 
is the per annum Management Fee applicable to that Class of Basket 
Securities and that type of Digital Currency on day t, expressed as a 
decimal (so that by way of example 98 basis points per annum is 
expressed as 0.0098 or 0.98%); and 
N  
is the number of days in the calendar year (365 or 366). 
5.4. 
Each Class of Digital Security which is an Index Security will have a separate index 
entitlement (“Index Entitlement”) as follows: 
(a) 
The Index Entitlement of each Index Security will comprise the separate Digital 
Asset Entitlements in respect of each type of Digital Currency which is a 
constituent of the Index.  The Index Entitlement will equal the aggregate of each 
Digital Asset Entitlement. 
(b) 
The initial Index Entitlement on the date of issue and first admission to trading 
of the first Tranche of Index Securities of a Class will be as set out in the Class 
Schedule or, if not in the Class Schedule, in the Final Terms applicable to the 
relevant Class of Index Securities. 
(c) 
For any day following the date of issue and first admission to trading of the first 
Tranche of each Class of Index Securities, each Digital Asset Entitlement in 
respect of an Index Security of a class will, subject to Condition 7 (Rebalancing 
of Index Securities), be calculated daily to the applicable Entitlement Precision 
Level, subject, in the case of Index Securities of any Staking Class, as may be 
provided in any notice published in accordance with Condition 5.6(b), in 
accordance with the formula in Condition 5.2(b) where: 
i  
refers to the relevant Class of Index Security and the relevant type of 
Digital Currency; 
t  
refers to the applicable day (with t-1 being the previous day); 
AE(i,t)  
is the Digital Asset Entitlement for that Class of Index Securities and 
that type of Digital Currency for day t; 
AE(i,t-1)  is the Digital Asset Entitlement for that Class of Index Securities and 
that type of Digital Currency on the previous day;  
MF(i,t)  
is the per annum Management Fee applicable to that Class of Index 
Securities and that type of Digital Currency on day t, expressed as a 
decimal (so that by way of example 98 basis points per annum is 
expressed as 0.0098 or 0.98%); and 
N  
is the number of days in the calendar year (365 or 366). 
5.5. 
Each Digital Security has a Principal Amount specified in the Class Schedule and, without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 (Redemption of Digital Securities) but subject 
always to Condition 3.2 (Limited Recourse), a Security Holder may elect to receive on 
redemption an amount in the Base Currency equal to the Principal Amount less any 
Redemption Fee and any other Redemption Deductions translated into the Base Currency at 
the rate prevailing at the time of translation (as determined by the Determination Agent) in

--- Page 91 ---
88 
 
lieu of the amount otherwise specified in Condition 9 (Redemption of Digital Securities). 
The Issuer acknowledges in the Trust Instrument its indebtedness in respect of the aggregate 
Principal Amount. 
5.6. 
Staking 
In respect of Digital Securities of any of the Staking Classes the Issuer may enter into Staking 
Transactions as follows: 
(a) 
subject as provided in this Condition 5.6 the Issuer may (notwithstanding the 
Security) in respect of Digital Securities of any of the Staking Classes apply 
some or all of the Underlying Assets forming part of the Secured Property in 
respect of Digital Securities of such class for Staking; 
(b) 
the Issuer shall not enter into any Staking Transaction in respect of Digital 
Securities of any of the Staking Classes unless it has in respect of such class 
published a notice on a RIS specifying how Staking Rewards shall be applied 
(which may be in the form of an accretion, periodic or otherwise, to the Digital 
Asset Entitlement of Digital Securities of such Class or, in the cases of Basket 
Securities and Index Securities, to the Digital Asset Entitlement of one or more 
types of Digital Currency included in the Basket Entitlement or the Index 
Entitlement (as the case may be) of such Basket Securities or Index Securities) 
and/or implementing a temporary or permanent reduction in the Management 
Fee in relation to (i) Digital Securities of such Class or (ii) one or more types of 
Digital Currency of an Underlying Type to which Digital Securities of such Class 
relates. The Issuer may retain for its own benefit all or part of such Staking 
Rewards but if it determines to retain all Staking Rewards in respect of any such 
Class it shall implement a temporary or permanent reduction in such 
Management Fee. Any such notice shall state the period for which such 
arrangements shall apply or that arrangements shall apply until a date to be 
specified in a further notice published on a RIS; and 
(c) 
the Issuer shall not enter into any Staking Transaction in respect of Digital 
Securities of any of the Staking Classes unless a Staking Agency Agreement is 
in effect in relation to such Class pursuant to which (i) if and whenever the Issuer 
does not have sufficient Digital Currency of the Underlying Type or, in the cases 
of Basket Securities and Index Securities, of each Underlying Type in each case 
of such Class available to meet Redemptions of Digital Securities of that Class 
as a result of Staking Transactions, the Staking Agent is required to make 
available by way of interest-free unsecured loan to the Issuer sufficient Digital 
Currency of the relevant Underlying Type or Underlying Types to meet all 
Redemptions in accordance with the Conditions; and (ii) the Staking Agent is 
required to indemnify the Issuer against all Slashing Penalties that arise in 
consequence of or in relation to any Staking Transaction.  
For the purposes of the Conditions, “Staking Class” means any Class of Digital Securities 
designated as a “Staking Class” in the Class Schedule or, if not in the Class Schedule, in the 
Final Terms applicable to the relevant Class of Digital Securities. 
6. 
REBALANCING OF BASKET SECURITIES 
6.1. 
The amount and types of Digital Currency represented by the Basket Entitlement of a Basket 
Security of a Class may be adjusted from time to time as provided in this Condition 6 (a 
“Basket Security Rebalancing”).

--- Page 92 ---
89 
 
6.2. 
A Basket Security Rebalancing shall not create, issue, redeem or cancel any Digital 
Securities and no payment shall be made to a Security Holder in respect of any Basket 
Security Rebalancing. 
6.3. 
The Issuer shall notify holders of Basket Securities of the relevant Class through a RIS of a 
Basket Security Rebalancing in respect of that Class of Basket Securities not less than 10 
days prior to the expected effective date of that Basket Security Rebalancing, at the same 
time notifying them of the expected effective date or dates of that Basket Security 
Rebalancing and of the Weights to be used for that Basket Security Rebalancing. 
6.4. 
The Issuer shall then instruct the Digital Asset Sales Agent to use reasonable endeavours on 
the Rebalancing Date(s) to carry out such trading activities as are necessary to match (to the 
extent reasonably practicable) the proportions of the Digital Currency of each Underlying 
Type held in respect of the relevant Basket Security to the Weights, which may include the 
addition of a new type of Digital Currency subject to that Digital Currency being accepted 
by a Custodian for custody under the relevant Custody Agreement. 
6.5. 
A Basket Security Rebalancing may be effected on a single day or on up to five consecutive 
days (or five days which would be consecutive but for the omission of days with are public 
holidays in any jurisdiction or on which any exchange or market is not open for business).  
The Determination Agent shall determine the proportion by Value (having the meaning 
given in this Condition 6.5) that each type of Digital Currency to which a Basket Security 
of a class relates shall bear to the total Value of that Basket Security as at the effective date 
or dates of that Basket Security Rebalancing (such proportion the “Weight”) and shall 
calculate the Digital Asset Entitlement in respect of each type of Digital Currency applicable 
to that class of Basket Security for each such effective date or dates on the basis of such 
Weights and applying the Weight Adjustment Factor and such that the Value of a Basket 
Security of that class immediately after such Basket Security Rebalancing or, in the case of 
a Basket Security Rebalancing effected over more than one day, immediately after the partial 
Basket Security Rebalancing on each day shall (to the extent reasonably practicable) be the 
same as such Value immediately prior to such Basket Security Rebalancing or partial Basket 
Security Rebalancing. If, for whatever reason, the Determination Agent is unable (in good 
faith) to calculate the Weight Adjustment Factor, such as in circumstances where the trading 
activities referenced in Condition 6.4 above have not completed or settled in full, then the 
calculation of the Index Entitlement may be postponed until the Weight Adjustment Factor 
is able to be calculated by the Determination Agent. For the purpose of this Condition 6.5, 
the “Value” of a Basket Security shall be the aggregate of the value of its Digital Asset 
Entitlement in respect of each Digital Currency to which such Basket Security relates 
calculated by reference to the Reference Price in relation to each such type of Digital 
Currency. 
7. 
REBALANCING OF INDEX SECURITIES 
7.1. 
The amount and types of Digital Currency represented by the Index Entitlement of an Index 
Security of a class may be adjusted from time to time as provided in this Condition 7 (an 
“Index Security Rebalancing”). 
7.2. 
An Index Security Rebalancing will take place whenever the Index applicable to the relevant 
Index Securities is rebalanced (a “Required Rebalancing”) and may at the election of the 
Issuer take place on other occasions if the Issuer or the Arranger considers in good faith an 
Index Security Rebalancing to be desirable to help reduce tracking error with the Index or 
following the occurrence of a Rebalancing Index Adjustment Event (a “Voluntary 
Rebalancing”).

--- Page 93 ---
90 
 
7.3. 
An Index Security Rebalancing shall not create, issue, redeem or cancel any Digital 
Securities and no payment shall be made to a Security Holder in respect of any Index 
Security Rebalancing. 
7.4. 
The Issuer shall notify holders of Index Securities of the relevant class through a RIS of a 
Voluntary Rebalancing in respect of that class of Index Securities not less than 10 days prior 
to the expected effective date of that Voluntary Rebalancing, at the same time notifying them 
of the expected effective date of that Voluntary Rebalancing, provided that in the case of a 
Voluntary Rebalancing following the occurrence of a Rebalancing Index Adjustment Event, 
such Voluntary Rebalancing may be effected upon less than 10 days’ prior notice or upon 
immediate notice to holders of Index Securities of the relevant Class. 
7.5. 
The Issuer shall then instruct the Digital Asset Sales Agent to use reasonable endeavours on 
the Rebalancing Date(s) to carry out such trading activities as are necessary to match (to the 
extent reasonably practicable) the proportions of the Digital Currency of each Underlying 
Type held in respect of the relevant Index Security to the Weights, which may include the 
addition of a new type of Digital Currency (subject to that Digital Currency being accepted 
by a Custodian for custody under the relevant Custody Agreement). 
7.6. 
An Index Security Rebalancing may be effected on a single day or on up to five consecutive 
days (or five days which would be consecutive but for the omission of days with are public 
holidays in any jurisdiction or on which any exchange or market is not open for business).  
For any Index Security Rebalancing, the Determination Agent shall calculate the Digital 
Asset Entitlement for each type of Digital Currency to apply immediately following the 
Index Security Rebalancing by applying the Weight Adjustment Factor. If, for whatever 
reason, the Determination Agent is unable (in good faith) to calculate the Weight Adjustment 
Factor, such as in circumstances where the trading activities referenced in Condition 7.5 
above have not completed or settled in full, then the calculation of the Index Entitlement 
may be postponed until the Weight Adjustment Factor is able to be calculated by the 
Determination Agent. 
8. 
CALCULATIONS AND DETERMINATIONS; AGENTS AND RECORDS 
8.1. 
Calculations 
(a) 
The Determination Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable on such date 
and/or at such time as the Determination Agent is required in accordance with 
the Determination Agency Agreement and the Conditions, perform such duties 
and obligations as are required to be performed by it in accordance therewith. 
(b) 
The calculation by the Determination Agent of any amount, price, rate or value 
required to be calculated by the Determination Agent under the Determination 
Agency Agreement and the Conditions shall be made in good faith and shall (in 
the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Security 
Holders and the Programme Parties. 
8.2. 
Calculations by alternative agent 
If at any time after the Security has become enforceable pursuant to the provisions of the 
Security Deed the Determination Agent does not make any calculation relating to the Digital 
Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) or the 
Redemption Amount when required pursuant to the Conditions and the Programme 
Documents, then the Issuer will appoint an alternative agent on its behalf to make any 
calculation in place of the Determination Agent. Any such calculation shall for the purposes

--- Page 94 ---
91 
 
of the Conditions and the Programme Documents be deemed to have been made by the 
Determination Agent. In doing so, the appointed agent shall apply the provisions of the 
Conditions and/or the relevant Programme Document(s), with any necessary consequential 
amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, and in all other respects it shall 
do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in the circumstances. The Trustee 
shall not be liable (whether directly or indirectly, in contract, in tort or otherwise) to the 
Issuer, the Security Holders or any Programme Party for any calculation so made or any 
delay in making any calculation and will not itself by required to make, or have any 
responsibility for making, any such calculation. 
8.3. 
Determination Agent 
(a) 
Subject as provided in the Conditions and the Determination Agency Agreement, 
the Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to procure that there shall at all times 
be a Determination Agent for so long as any of the Digital Securities are 
outstanding. If the Determination Agent resigns or its appointment is terminated 
for any reason, the Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to appoint a reputable 
entity that provides services of a similar type to those required of the 
Determination Agent under the Trust Instrument, the Conditions and the 
Determination Agency Agreement or a leading bank or investment banking firm 
engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap, commodity or 
over-the-counter commodity futures and options or index options market) that 
the Issuer reasonably determines is capable of making the calculation(s) required 
to be made by the Determination Agent under the Trust Instrument, the 
Conditions and the Determination Agency Agreement to act as such in its place. 
(b) 
The Determination Agent shall not be liable (whether directly or indirectly, in 
contract, in tort or otherwise) to the Issuer, any Security Holder, any other 
Programme Party or any other person for any Liability incurred by any such 
person that arises out of or in connection with the performance by the 
Determination Agent of its obligations under the Determination Agency 
Agreement, the Trust Instrument and the Conditions provided that nothing shall 
relieve the Determination Agent from any Liability arising by reason of acts or 
omissions constituting bad faith, fraud or gross negligence of the Determination 
Agent (any such act or omission, a “Determination Agent Breach”). 
(i) 
If the Determination Agent would, but for the operation of this 
Condition 8.3(b)(i), be held liable for any Liability arising as the 
result of a Determination Agent Breach, the Determination Agent 
shall nevertheless incur no liability to the Issuer, any Security 
Holder, any other Programme Party or any other person if such 
Determination Agent Breach results solely and directly from either 
(A) the failure by any other Programme Party to provide any notice, 
instruction or direction which such Programme Party is required or 
permitted to give under the Conditions or any relevant Programme 
Document or (B) a delay in the delivery by any other Programme 
Party of any notice, instruction or direction which such Programme 
Party is required or permitted to give to the Determination Agent 
under the Conditions or any relevant Programme Document. 
(ii) 
If the Determination Agent would, but for the operation of this 
Condition 8.3(b)(ii), be held liable for any Liability arising as the 
result of a Determination Agent Breach, the Determination Agent 
shall nevertheless incur no liability to the Issuer, any Security

--- Page 95 ---
92 
 
Holder, any other Programme Party or any other person if such 
Determination Agent Breach results solely and directly from the 
reliance by the Determination Agent upon a rate, amount, quotation, 
value or other calculation or determination notified to the 
Determination Agent pursuant to the Conditions and/or any relevant 
Programme Document which is made by another Programme Party 
in accordance with the Conditions and the terms of any relevant 
Programme Document. 
(c) 
The Determination Agent has no obligation towards or relationship of agency or 
trust with any Security Holder. 
(d) 
The Determination Agent has no duties or responsibilities except those expressly 
set out in the Trust Instrument, the Conditions and the Determination Agency 
Agreement and no implied or inferred duties or obligations of any kind will be 
read into the Determination Agency Agreement against or on the part of the 
Determination Agent. The Determination Agent will not, and will not be deemed 
to, assume or be liable for the obligations or duties of the Issuer or any other 
person under the Conditions, the Trust Instrument or any other Programme 
Document unless otherwise agreed pursuant to the Determination Agency 
Agreement. 
8.4. 
Appointment of Agents 
(a) 
Save as provided below, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer. The Agents 
do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any 
Security Holder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time with the prior written 
approval of the Trustee and in accordance with the provisions of the 
Determination Agency Agreement, the Digital Asset Sales Agency Agreement, 
the Staking Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement or the Registrar 
Agreement, as applicable, to vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Determination Agent, the Digital Asset Sales Agent, the Staking Agent, the 
Custodian or the Registrar and to appoint additional or other Determination 
Agents, Digital Asset Sales Agents, Staking Agents, Custodians or Registrars. 
Without prejudice to the provisions for the automatic termination of the 
appointment of an Agent in connection with the occurrence of an insolvency or 
similar event or proceedings in the relevant Programme Documents, the Issuer 
shall use reasonable endeavours to at all times maintain a Determination Agent, 
a Digital Asset Sales Agent, a Staking Agent, a Custodian and a Registrar, in 
each case, as approved by the Trustee. The Issuer shall promptly give notice to 
the Security Holders of any change of Agent or any change to the specified office 
of an Agent. 
(b) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Instrument, at any time after an Issuer 
Insolvency Event or an Event of Default (unless deemed waived pursuant to 
Condition 14.2) has occurred in relation to the Digital Securities or the Digital 
Securities of any one or more classes, the Trustee may by notice in writing to the 
Issuer, the Determination Agent, the Digital Asset Sales Agent, the Staking 
Agent, the Custodian and/or the Registrar, require any and all of such Agents, 
until notified by the Trustee to the contrary, so far as permitted by applicable law 
to (A) act as agent of the Trustee on the terms of the Determination Agency 
Agreement, the Digital Asset Sales Agency Agreement, the Staking Agency 
Agreement, the Custody Agreement or the Registrar Agreement, as applicable, 
or on such terms as applicable to such class or classes (as the case may be) (with

--- Page 96 ---
93 
 
consequential amendments as necessary) and except that the Trustee’s liability 
for the indemnification, remuneration and all other expenses of such Agents (if 
any) shall be limited to the amounts for the time being held by the Trustee in 
respect of the Digital Securities or the Digital Securities of such class or classes 
(as the case may be) on the terms of the Trust Instrument and which are available 
(after application in accordance with the relevant order of priority set out in 
Condition 15 (Application of Moneys)) to discharge such liability; or (B) deliver 
the Digital Securities and all moneys, documents and records held by them in 
respect of the Digital Securities or the Digital Securities of such class or classes 
(as the case may be) to or to the order of the Trustee or as the Trustee directs in 
such notice. 
(c) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Security Deed, at any time after the Security 
constituted by the Security Deed applicable to a class of Digital Securities has 
become enforceable, the Trustee may by notice in writing to the Issuer and any 
applicable Agent, require such Agent, until notified by the Trustee to the 
contrary, so far as permitted by applicable law to (i) act as agent of the Trustee 
on the terms of the agreement pursuant to which the Agent is appointed (with 
consequential amendments as necessary) or on such terms as applicable to such 
class and except that the Trustee’s liability for the indemnification, remuneration 
and all other expenses of such Agents will be limited to the amounts for the time 
being held by the Trustee in respect of the Security Deed as applicable to such 
class and which are available (after application in accordance with the relevant 
order of priority set out in Condition 15 (Application of Moneys)) to discharge 
such liability; or (ii) deliver assets forming part of, or documents evidencing or 
representing, the Secured Property to the Trustee or as the Trustee directs in such 
notice. 
9. 
REDEMPTION OF DIGITAL SECURITIES 
9.1. 
Redemption Entitlement 
Subject as provided in Condition 18 (Treasury Securities and Issuer’s Ability to Purchase 
Digital Securities) or as otherwise provided in the Conditions, each Digital Security shall 
carry: 
(a) 
a right on a Redemption under this Condition 9 (Redemption of Digital 
Securities) to delivery of Digital Currency of the Underlying Type or, in the 
cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, of each Underlying Type in each 
case in the Redemption Amount in accordance with Condition 9.11 (Delivery of 
Digital Currency on Redemption) or, where permitted, to a cash payment in 
accordance with Condition 9.12 (Payment of Cash on Redemption), in each case 
on the applicable Settlement Date; 
(b) 
a right on a Compulsory Redemption under Condition 10 (Compulsory 
Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee) to a cash payment in accordance with 
Condition 10.8 (Payment of Cash on Compulsory Redemption) or, where 
permitted, to delivery of Digital Currency of the Underlying Type or, in the cases 
of Basket Securities and Index Securities, of each Underlying Type in each case 
in the Redemption Amount in accordance with Condition 10.7 (Delivery of

--- Page 97 ---
94 
 
Digital Currency on Compulsory Redemption), in each case on the applicable 
Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date. 
9.2. 
Redemption by Authorised Participants 
A Security Holder who is also an Authorised Participant may (subject as provided herein) 
require the Issuer to Redeem all or part of its holding of Digital Securities by delivery of 
Digital Currency of the Underlying Type or, in the cases of Basket Securities and Index 
Securities, of each Underlying Type in each case in accordance with Condition 9.11 
(Delivery of Digital Currency on Redemption) by lodging with the Issuer a Redemption 
Notice and by effecting an Acceptable Delivery in respect of the Digital Securities to be 
Redeemed. 
9.3. 
Redemption by other Security Holders 
(a) 
A Security Holder who is not also an Authorised Participant may (subject as 
provided herein) require the Issuer to Redeem all or part of its holding of Digital 
Securities by Physical Delivery in accordance with Condition 9.11 (Delivery of 
Digital Currency on Redemption) or by Cash Settlement in accordance with 
Condition 9.12 (Payment of Cash on Redemption) (as applicable), by lodging 
with the Issuer a valid Redemption Notice and by effecting an Acceptable 
Delivery in respect of the Digital Securities to be Redeemed, if, either: 
(i) 
on any Issuer Business Day, there are no Authorised Participants, and 
the Security Holder lodges on such day a valid Redemption Notice; 
or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has given notice through a RIS in respect of any Issuer 
Business Day, or until further announcement or generally, that 
Redemptions by Security Holders who are not Authorised 
Participants will be permitted. Any such announcement may be 
general or subject to conditions, and any notice requesting any 
Redemption which is not in accordance with any such conditions 
shall not be valid. 
(b) 
Settlement of the Redemption Obligations in respect of the relevant Digital 
Securities will be effected in accordance with the Condition 9.11 (Delivery of 
Digital Currency on Redemption) unless (i) the Security Holder in its 
Redemption Notice certifies that it is prohibited for legal or regulatory reasons 
from owning or taking delivery of the Digital Currency of the Underlying Type 
or, in the cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, of any Underlying 
Type in each case upon a Redemption; and/or (ii) the Issuer is prohibited for 
legal or regulatory reasons from effecting a delivery of the relevant Digital 
Currency of the Underlying Type or, in the cases of Basket Securities and Index 
Securities, of any Underlying Type in each case to the Security Holder, in which 
case the Redemption will be by Cash Settlement in accordance with 
Condition 9.12 (Payment of Cash on Redemption). 
(c) 
A Security Holder desiring to redeem Digital Securities must effect an 
Acceptable Delivery in respect of the Digital Securities to be Redeemed and 
must specify in its Redemption Notice a Security Holder Account in respect of 
the Digital Currency of each Underlying Type or, in the cases of Basket 
Securities and Index Securities, of each Underlying Type in each case the subject 
of the applicable Redemption Obligations. Redemption Notices will not be

--- Page 98 ---
95 
 
treated as having been lodged until the Digital Securities to be Redeemed have 
been so delivered to the Issuer. 
9.4. 
Redemption by other Security Holders seeking Physical Delivery 
(a) 
Without prejudice to Condition 9.3, a Security Holder who is not also an 
Authorised Participant may (subject as provided herein) require the Issuer to 
Redeem all or part of its holding of Digital Securities by Physical Delivery in 
accordance with Condition 9.11 (Delivery of Digital Currency on Redemption) 
by lodging with the Issuer a valid Redemption Notice and by effecting an 
Acceptable Delivery in respect of the Digital Securities to be Redeemed, subject 
to deduction of the Physical Delivery Fee, which will be made from the 
applicable Digital Asset Entitlement on such redemption and which shall be 
retained for the benefit of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Settlement of the Redemption Obligations in respect of the relevant Digital 
Securities will be effected in accordance with the Condition 9.11 (Delivery of 
Digital Currency on Redemption) unless (i) the Security Holder in its 
Redemption Notice certifies that it is prohibited for legal or regulatory reasons 
from owning or taking delivery of Digital Currency of the Underlying Type or, 
in the cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, of any Underlying Type 
in each case into its Security Holder Account, being a “Prohibited Redeeming 
Security Holder”; and/or (ii) the Issuer is prohibited for legal or regulatory 
reasons from effecting a delivery of the relevant Digital Currency of the 
Underlying Type or, in the cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, of 
any Underlying Type in each case to the Security Holder (a “Prohibited 
Physical Redemption”), in which case the Redemption Notice shall not be valid 
and such Digital Securities shall consequently not be Redeemed. 
(c) 
A Security Holder desiring to redeem Digital Securities must effect an 
Acceptable Delivery in respect of the Digital Securities to be Redeemed and 
must specify in its Redemption Notice a Security Holder Account in respect of 
the Digital Currency of the Underlying Type or, in the cases of Basket Securities 
and Index Securities, of each Underlying Type in each case the subject of the 
applicable Redemption Obligations. Redemption Notices will not be treated as 
having been lodged until the Digital Securities to be Redeemed have been so 
delivered to the Issuer. 
9.5. 
Redemption Notice 
A Redemption Notice: 
(a) 
must specify the number and Class of Digital Securities to be Redeemed; 
(b) 
must relate to only one Class of Digital Securities; 
(c) 
must (save in the case of a Redemption Order) be signed by, or by an authorised 
signatory on behalf of, the Security Holder; 
(d) 
must provide all forms of documentation required for the purposes of any 
compliance and identification checks;

--- Page 99 ---
96 
 
(e) 
must comply with any additional requirements specified in any notice given by 
the Issuer including, without limitation, to any announcement or notice in 
relation to the matters described in Condition 9.3(a)(ii); and 
(f) 
must (i) specify a Security Holder Account to the extent that it is not already 
specified in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement, if applicable, (ii) if 
it is lodged by a Security Holder who is not also an Authorised Participant 
pursuant to Condition 9.3 (Redemption by other Security Holders) must certify 
whether or not it is prohibited for legal or regulatory reasons from owning or 
taking delivery of Digital Currency of the relevant Underlying Type or, in the 
cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, of any relevant Underlying Type 
in each case into its Security Holder Account and (iii) if it is lodged by a Security 
Holder who is not also an Authorised Participant pursuant to Condition 9.4 
(Redemption by other Security Holders seeking Physical Delivery), certify that 
such Security Holder is not prohibited for legal or regulatory reasons from 
owning or taking delivery of Digital Currency of the applicable Underlying Type 
or, in the cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, of any applicable 
Underlying Type in each case upon a Redemption, 
and is irrevocable (save with the consent of the Issuer) once it has been lodged with the 
Issuer. 
9.6. 
Issuer to give effect to Redemption Notice 
Upon receipt by the Issuer of a valid Redemption Notice from a Security Holder in relation 
to any Digital Securities, the Issuer shall do all things necessary to give effect to the 
Redemption Notice as required by this Condition 9 (Redemption of Digital Securities). 
9.7. 
Validity of Redemption Notices 
A Redemption Notice shall be invalid: 
(a) 
if it is lodged by a Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant unless 
any of the provisions of Condition 9.3(a) apply; or 
(b) 
if it does not satisfy each and all of Conditions 9.5(a) to 9.5(f) (as applicable); or 
(c) 
if it is lodged by a Prohibited Redeeming Security Holder within the meaning of 
Condition 9.4(b) or the Redemption in consequence of such Redemption Notice 
would be a Prohibited Physical Redemption within the meaning of 
Condition 9.4(b); or 
(d) 
where notice has been given pursuant to Condition 10.1 (Compulsory 
Redemption on Termination), Condition 10.2 (Compulsory Redemption on 
Issuer Insolvency Event) or Condition 10.5 (Compulsory Redemption for 
illegality or impossibility) to Redeem such Digital Securities compulsorily if the 
Redemption Notice is received or deemed received: 
(i) 
where notice has been given pursuant to Condition 10.1 (Compulsory 
Redemption on Termination), later than ten Issuer Business Days 
prior to the Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date specified in 
accordance with that Condition;

--- Page 100 ---
97 
 
(ii) 
where notice has been given pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Compulsory 
Redemption on Issuer Insolvency Event), on or after the date on 
which such notice was given; or 
(iii) 
where notice has been given pursuant to Condition 10.5 (Compulsory 
Redemption for illegality or impossibility), on or after the date on 
which such notice was given; or 
(e) 
if the Redemption Notice is received (or deemed to be received) when 
Redemptions have been suspended or postponed pursuant to Condition 9.13,  
and no Digital Securities of the relevant class shall be Redeemed in respect of or under that 
Redemption Notice. 
9.8. 
Consequences of invalid Redemption Notice 
If the Issuer considers that a purported Redemption Notice is invalid, it shall notify the 
Security Holder lodging that Redemption Notice of that fact as soon as reasonably possible 
and shall not be obliged to Redeem pursuant to that Redemption Notice any Digital 
Securities. 
9.9. 
Late Redemption Notices 
A Redemption Notice received by the Issuer after the Notice Deadline on an Issuer Business 
Day shall be treated as lodged on the immediately following Issuer Business Day. 
9.10. 
Changes to Redemption Procedures 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Trustee or the Security Holders, change or vary 
the procedures for the lodgement of Redemption Notices in accordance with Condition 26.2 
and these Conditions shall be modified in respect of Redemptions to the extent of any such 
variation. 
9.11. 
Delivery of Digital Currency on Redemption 
(a) 
Where Digital Securities are required to be Redeemed by Physical Delivery, the 
Issuer shall upon receipt of the relevant valid Redemption Notice and 
confirmation that Acceptable Delivery in respect of such Digital Securities has 
been effected by the relevant Security Holder instruct the Custodian to transfer 
Digital Currency attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property in 
respect of such Digital Securities in an amount (rounded down to the Delivery 
Precision Level) equal to: 
(i) 
the Redemption Amount; less 
(ii) 
in the case of Redemption pursuant to Condition 9.4, the applicable 
Physical Delivery Fee (rounded up to the Delivery Precision Level), 
to the relevant Security Holder Account, to be delivered to such account on the 
Settlement Date. 
(b) 
From the relevant Settlement Date, all title to and risks in such Digital Currency 
shall pass to the holder of such Digital Securities. Neither the Trustee nor the 
Issuer shall be responsible or liable for (and no Event of Default shall occur by 
virtue of) any failure by the Custodian to effect a delivery of Digital Currency in

--- Page 101 ---
98 
 
accordance with the instructions of the Issuer. However, in the event of such 
failure, the Issuer shall to the extent practicable procure the assignment to the 
redeeming Security Holder of its claims in relation to such Digital Currency in 
satisfaction of all claims of such Security Holder in respect of the Digital 
Securities to be redeemed and the Security Holder shall have no further claims 
against the Issuer or the Secured Property. 
(c) 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of Digital Securities being Redeemed 
shall be satisfied by transferring the Redemption Amount in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 9.11 (Delivery of Digital Currency on Redemption). 
9.12. 
Payment of Cash on Redemption  
(a) 
Where Digital Securities are required to be Redeemed by Cash Settlement, the 
Issuer shall upon receipt of the relevant valid Redemption Notice and 
confirmation that Acceptable Delivery in respect of such Digital Securities has 
been effected by the relevant Security Holder, instruct the Digital Asset Sales 
Agent to sell in accordance with the Digital Asset Sales Agency Agreement, for 
cash in US Dollars, the Settlement Currency or such other Eligible Currency as 
the Digital Asset Sales Agent may determine, the relevant Digital Currency 
attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property in respect of such Digital 
Securities in an amount equal to the aggregate Redemption Amount of the 
Digital Securities subject to Redemption and to convert the proceeds of such 
sale, if not sold for the Settlement Currency, into the Settlement Currency. For 
this purpose the Issuer shall give such instructions to any Custodian as may be 
required by the Digital Asset Sales Agent to give effect to such sale. 
(b) 
The Issuer will transfer the aggregate Redemption Amount with respect to the 
Digital Securities in the Settlement Currency on the Settlement Date, or, if such 
date is not an Issuer Business Day, on the immediately following Issuer Business 
Day, to the relevant Security Holder in accordance with and subject to 
Condition 28 (Payment Provisions). 
(c) 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of Digital Securities being Redeemed 
shall be satisfied by transferring the Redemption Amount in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 9.12 (Payment of Cash on Redemption). 
(d) 
Where Digital Securities are required to be Redeemed by Cash Settlement, the 
Security Holder of the Digital Securities being Redeemed acknowledges and 
agrees (i) to accept the net proceeds of sale actually realised from the sale of the 
aggregate Digital Asset Entitlement in Digital Currency of the Underlying Type 
or, in the cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, the aggregate Digital 
Asset Entitlement comprised in the Basket Entitlement or the Index Entitlement 
(as the case may be) in Digital Currency of each Underlying Type, in each case 
rounded down to the Delivery Precision Level applicable to such Digital 
Securities and, in the cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, such 
Underlying Type (less in each case the Trustee’s fees and expenses (if any)) in 
full settlement of the Issuer’s Redemption Obligations in respect of such Digital 
Securities; (ii) that none of the Issuer, the Determination Agent, the Digital Asset 
Sales Agent or the Trustee makes any representations or warranties as to the 
price at which Digital Currency may be sold or the amount of the proceeds of 
sale realised from the sale of Digital Currency; and (iii) that none of the Issuer, 
the Determination Agent, the Digital Asset Sales Agent or the Trustee shall be 
liable for any failure by any purchaser of Digital Currency to effect or complete

--- Page 102 ---
99 
 
the purchase of such Digital Currency, to deliver the applicable net proceeds of 
sale or other amount due or otherwise comply with its obligations entered into 
pursuant to this Condition, but in the event of any such failure, the Issuer shall 
to the extent practicable procure the assignment to the redeeming Security 
Holder of its claims in relation to such Digital Currency in satisfaction of all 
claims of such Security Holder in respect of the Digital Securities to be 
Redeemed and the Security Holder shall have no further claims against the 
Issuer, the Determination Agent, the Digital Asset Sales Agent, the Trustee or 
the Secured Property. 
9.13. 
Suspension of Redemptions 
If at any time the Determination Agent determines that the prevailing market value of the 
Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) in 
respect of a Digital Security of any Class is less than its Principal Amount, the Issuer may 
at any time thereafter and from time to time for so long as the Determination Agent 
determines that the prevailing market value of the Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket 
Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) of a Digital Security of that Class 
continues to be less than its Principal Amount, suspend the right to Redeem the Digital 
Securities of that Class pursuant to Conditions 9.2, 9.3 (if applicable) and 9.4 and, subject 
as provided in this Condition 9.13, may terminate any such suspension. The following 
provisions shall apply where the Issuer determines to exercise its powers under this 
Condition: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall give notice of such suspension and of the termination of any such 
suspension via an RIS as soon as practicable, but failure to give such notices 
shall not prevent the exercise of such powers; 
(b) 
any such suspension may continue in the discretion of the Issuer for a period of 
up to 30 days, and may continue thereafter provided that notice of a meeting has 
been issued convening a meeting for a date not more than 30 days after the date 
of the notice for the purpose of considering an Extraordinary Resolution which 
will have the effect of reducing the Principal Amount to a level less than 75 per 
cent. of the prevailing market value of the Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket 
Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) in respect of a Digital 
Security of that Class as determined by the Determination Agent, in which event 
the suspension will cease when the meeting (or any adjournment thereof) 
concludes or, if the Extraordinary Resolution is passed and makes alternative 
provision, in accordance with the Extraordinary Resolution; 
(c) 
without prejudice to paragraph (b) above, any such suspension may continue at 
the discretion of the Issuer if the Extraordinary Resolution referred to in 
Condition 9.13(b) has not been passed; 
(d) 
any suspension implemented in accordance with this Condition shall not affect 
any Redemption pursuant to a Redemption Notice, received (or deemed to have 
been received) on a date prior to that on which the suspension commenced, but 
any Redemption Notice in respect of Digital Securities submitted or deemed to 
be received on a date when the right to request redemption of the Digital 
Securities pursuant to Conditions 9.2, 9.3 (if applicable) and 9.4 is suspended 
pursuant to this Condition 9.13 shall be invalid.

--- Page 103 ---
100 
 
9.14. 
Settlement Date 
In relation to any Redemption pursuant to this Condition 9, the Settlement Date shall be the 
second Issuer Business Day or, if later, the second Exchange Business Day (or the first Issuer 
Business Day (or Exchange Business Day as the case may be) if so agreed between the Issuer 
and any particular Authorised Participant, either generally or in any particular case) 
following the applicable Redemption Notice Date, provided that if either such day is not 
both an Issuer Business Day and an Exchange Business Day, the Settlement Date shall be 
the immediately following day which is both an Issuer Business Day and an Exchange 
Business Day. 
10. 
COMPULSORY REDEMPTION BY THE ISSUER OR TRUSTEE 
10.1. 
Compulsory Redemption on Termination 
(a) 
The Issuer may at any time determine that all Digital Securities, or all Digital 
Securities of any one or more class, are to be Redeemed compulsorily. In such 
event the Issuer shall give not less than 30 days’ notice to the Security Holders 
by RIS announcement specifying an Issuer Business Day to be the Compulsory 
Redemption Date in respect of such Redemption. 
(b) 
Redemption pursuant to this Condition 10.1 in respect of any Digital Security 
will be effected by Cash Settlement in accordance with Condition 10.8 (Payment 
of Cash on Compulsory Redemption) unless the Security Holder in respect of 
such Digital Security has, no later than ten Issuer Business Days prior to the 
Compulsory Redemption Date, delivered to the Issuer a valid Redemption 
Notice specifying Physical Delivery and effected an Acceptable Delivery in 
respect of the Digital Securities to be Redeemed.  Where Redemption pursuant 
to this Condition 10.1 in respect of any Digital Security is to be effected by 
Physical Delivery, Condition 10.7 (Delivery of Digital Currency on Compulsory 
Redemption) will apply. 
(c) 
Settlement of the Issuer’s Redemption Obligations on Redemption pursuant to 
this Condition shall be effected on the Compulsory Redemption Date or such 
later date as soon thereafter as reasonably practicable and in any event by the 
fifteenth Issuer Business Day after the Compulsory Redemption Date, the 
Compulsory Redemption Date or such later date being the “Compulsory 
Redemption Settlement Date” for the purposes of this Condition 10.1. 
10.2. 
Compulsory Redemption on Issuer Insolvency Event 
If an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee may at any time, 
at its discretion, and shall if so directed in writing by Security Holders holding not less than 
25 per cent. by Principal Amount of the Digital Securities (as a whole) then outstanding or 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Security Holders (as a single resolution of the holders 
of all Digital Securities as though all Digital Securities constituted a single Class), the 
Trustee having first been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction, 
give notice to the Issuer and by RIS announcement to the Security Holders that all the Digital 
Securities outstanding are to be Redeemed compulsorily and specifying an Issuer Business 
Day (falling not less than two Issuer Business Days from the giving of such notice) to be a 
Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of such Digital Securities. Redemption pursuant to 
this Condition 10.2 will be effected by Cash Settlement in accordance with Condition 10.8 
(Payment of Cash on Compulsory Redemption) on the Compulsory Redemption Date or such 
later date as soon thereafter as reasonably practicable and in any event by the fifteenth Issuer

--- Page 104 ---
101 
 
Business Day after the Compulsory Redemption Date, the Compulsory Redemption Date or 
such later date being the “Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date” for the purposes of 
this Condition 10.2. 
10.3. 
Compulsory Redemption for Cause 
The Issuer may, in its absolute discretion, at any time give written notice to a Security Holder 
that any Digital Securities held by that Security Holder are to be Redeemed compulsorily, 
and specifying an Issuer Business Day (being not less than five Issuer Business Days and 
not more than ten Issuer Business Days following the date of the notice) to be the 
Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date in respect of such Digital Securities, if: 
(a) 
the Issuer required the Security Holder in accordance with Condition 13 
(Enquiries as to Status of Security Holders) to certify whether or not it is a 
Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor and (i) the Security Holder did not by the date 
specified in the notice given under Condition 13 (Enquiries as to Status of 
Security Holders) provide such a certification to the Issuer in the form and 
executed in the manner required or (ii) the Security Holder certified that it is a 
Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor; or 
(b) 
the Issuer considers (in its sole discretion) (i) that such Digital Securities are or 
may be owned or held directly or beneficially by any person in breach of any 
law or requirement of any country or by virtue of which such person is not 
qualified to own those Digital Securities, or (ii) that the ownership or holding or 
continued ownership or holding of those Digital Securities (whether on its own 
or in conjunction with any other circumstance appearing to the Issuer to be 
relevant) would, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, expose any Programme 
Party to a risk of violation of any law or regulation or cause a pecuniary or tax 
disadvantage to the Issuer or any other Security Holders which it or they might 
not otherwise have suffered or incurred; or 
(c) 
the Issuer required the Security Holder in accordance with Condition 13 
(Enquiries as to Status of Security Holders) to certify and provide evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer (acting reasonably) that the Security Holder is not in 
breach of any law or regulation or would risk exposing any Programme Party to 
a breach of any law or regulation and (i) the Security Holder did not by the date 
specified in the notice given under Condition 13 (Enquiries as to Status of 
Security Holders) provide such a certification in the form and executed in the 
manner required or evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or (ii) the Security Holder 
certified that it is in breach of any law or regulation or would risk exposing any 
Programme Party to a breach of any law or regulation, 
provided that if the relevant Security Holder in the case of sub-paragraph 10.3(a)(i) or 
10.3(c)(i) so failed to provide such a certification, or in the case of sub-paragraph 10.3(a)(ii) 
or 10.3(c)(ii) certified that it is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or is in breach of any law 
or regulation or would risk exposing any Programme Party to a breach of any law or 
regulation, in each case in respect of some only of the Digital Securities held by it, a notice 
given by the Issuer under this Condition shall relate only to those Digital Securities (and not 
any other Digital Securities held by that Security Holder). 
Redemption pursuant to this Condition 10.3 in respect of any Digital Security will be 
effected by Cash Settlement in accordance with Condition 10.8 (Payment of Cash on 
Compulsory Redemption) unless the Security Holder in respect of such Digital Security has 
no later than four Issuer Business Days prior to the Compulsory Redemption Settlement

--- Page 105 ---
102 
 
Date delivered to the Issuer a valid Redemption Notice specifying Physical Delivery and 
effected an Acceptable Delivery in respect of the Digital Securities to be Redeemed.  Where 
Redemption pursuant to this Condition 10.3 in respect of any Digital Security is to be 
effected by Physical Delivery, Condition 9.11 (Delivery of Digital Currency on Redemption) 
will apply. 
10.4. 
Transfer of Digital Securities subject to Compulsory Redemption for Cause 
(a) 
If a Security Holder which is the subject of a notice under Condition 10.3 
(Compulsory Redemption for Cause) provides to the Issuer at least one Issuer 
Business Day prior to the Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date pursuant to 
Condition 10.3 (Compulsory Redemption for Cause) proof required by the Issuer 
that its Digital Securities have been transferred to a person that is not a Prohibited 
Benefit Plan Investor, then the Digital Securities referred to in that notice shall 
not be Redeemed under these Conditions. 
(b) 
If a Security Holder which is the subject of a notice under Condition 10.3 
(Compulsory Redemption for Cause) does not provide to the Issuer at least one 
Issuer Business Day prior to the Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date 
pursuant to Condition 10.3 (Compulsory Redemption for Cause) proof required 
by the Issuer that its Digital Securities have been transferred to a person that is 
not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor, then the Digital Securities referred to in 
that notice shall not be capable of being transferred by that Security Holder and 
the Issuer shall not be required to register any purported transfer of those Digital 
Securities. 
10.5. 
Compulsory Redemption for illegality or impossibility 
(a) 
The Issuer may determine that all Digital Securities, or all Digital Securities of 
any one or more class, are to be Redeemed compulsorily if it becomes illegal or 
impossible after taking all reasonable care for the Issuer to issue or deal with 
such Digital Securities or to hold or deal with Underlying Assets in respect 
thereof, in each case in accordance with these Conditions, as a result of any law, 
rule, regulation, judgment, order or decision of any governmental, legislative, 
administrative or judicial authority. In such event, the Issuer shall give notice by 
RIS to the Security Holders and the Trustee that such Digital Securities are to be 
Redeemed compulsorily and specifying an Issuer Business Day (falling not less 
than two Issuer Business Days from the giving of such notice) to be a 
Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of such Digital Securities. 
(b) 
Redemption pursuant to this Condition 10.5 in respect of any Digital Security 
will be effected by Cash Settlement in accordance with Condition 10.8 (Payment 
of Cash on Compulsory Redemption). 
(c) 
Settlement of the Issuer’s Redemption Obligations on Redemption pursuant to 
this Condition shall be effected on the Compulsory Redemption Date or such 
later date as soon thereafter as reasonably practicable and in any event by the 
fifteenth Issuer Business Day after the Compulsory Redemption Date, the 
Compulsory Redemption Date or such later date being the “Compulsory 
Redemption Settlement Date” for the purposes of this Condition 10.5.

--- Page 106 ---
103 
 
10.6. 
No requirement to give reasons 
The Issuer shall not be required to give any reasons for any decision, determination or 
declaration taken or made in accordance with this Condition 10 (Compulsory Redemption 
by the Issuer or Trustee). The exercise of the powers conferred by this Condition 10 
(Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee) shall not be questioned or invalidated in 
any case on the grounds that there was insufficient evidence of direct or beneficial ownership 
or holding of the Digital Securities, or any other grounds save that such powers shall have 
been exercised in good faith. 
10.7. 
Delivery of Digital Currency on Compulsory Redemption 
(a) 
Where Digital Securities are required to be Redeemed compulsorily by Physical 
Delivery, the Issuer shall instruct the Custodian to transfer Digital Currency of 
the Underlying Type or, in the cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, 
of each Underlying Type in each case attributable to or forming part of the 
Secured Property in respect of such Digital Securities in an amount (rounded 
down to the Delivery Precision Level) equal to: 
(i) 
the Redemption Amount; less 
(ii) 
in the case of Redemption pursuant to Condition 10.3 (Compulsory 
Redemption for Cause), the applicable Redemption Fee, 
calculated as at the Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date, to the relevant 
Security Holder Account, to be delivered to such account on the Compulsory 
Redemption Settlement Date. 
(b) 
From the relevant Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date, all title to and risks 
in such Digital Currency shall pass to the holder of such Digital Securities. 
Neither the Trustee nor the Issuer shall be responsible or liable for (and no Event 
of Default shall occur by virtue of) any failure by the Custodian to effect a 
delivery of Digital Currency in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer. 
However, in the event of such failure, the Issuer shall to the extent practicable 
procure the assignment to the redeeming Security Holder of its claims in relation 
to such Digital Currency in satisfaction of all claims of such Security Holder in 
respect of the Digital Securities to be redeemed and the Security Holder shall 
have no further claims against the Issuer or the Secured Property. 
(c) 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of Digital Securities being Redeemed 
shall be satisfied by transferring the Redemption Amount in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 10.7 (Delivery of Digital Currency on Compulsory 
Redemption). 
10.8. 
Payment of Cash on Compulsory Redemption  
(a) 
Where Digital Securities are required to be Redeemed compulsorily by Cash 
Settlement, the Issuer shall instruct the Digital Asset Sales Agent to sell in 
accordance with the Digital Asset Sales Agency Agreement for cash in US 
Dollars, the Settlement Currency or such other Eligible Currency as the Digital 
Asset Sales Agent may determine the relevant Digital Currency (rounded down 
to the Delivery Precision Level) of the Underlying Type or, in the cases of Basket 
Securities and Index Securities, of each Underlying Type in each case 
attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property in respect of such Digital

--- Page 107 ---
104 
 
Securities in an amount equal to the aggregate Redemption Amount of the 
Digital Securities subject to Redemption calculated as at the Compulsory 
Redemption Settlement Date or, if later, the date on which settlement of such 
sale was completed and to convert the proceeds of such sale, if not sold for the 
Settlement Currency, into the Settlement Currency. For this purpose the Issuer 
shall give such instructions to any Custodian as may be required by the Digital 
Asset Sales Agent to give effect to such sale. 
(b) 
The Issuer will transfer the aggregate Redemption Amount with respect to the 
Digital Securities in the Settlement Currency on the Compulsory Redemption 
Settlement Date, or, if such date is not an Issuer Business Day, on the 
immediately following Issuer Business Day, to the relevant Security Holder in 
accordance with and subject to Condition 28 (Payment Provisions). 
(c) 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of Digital Securities being Redeemed 
shall be satisfied by transferring the Redemption Amount in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 10.8 (Payment of Cash on Compulsory 
Redemption). 
(d) 
Where Digital Securities are required to be Redeemed by Cash Settlement, the 
Security Holder of the Digital Securities being Redeemed acknowledges and 
agrees (i) to accept the proceeds of sale actually realised from the sale of the 
Redemption Amount of the relevant Digital Currency (less the Trustee’s fees and 
expenses (if any)) in full settlement of the Issuer’s Redemption Obligations in 
respect of such Digital Securities; (ii) that none of the Issuer, the Determination 
Agent, the Digital Asset Sales Agent or the Trustee makes any representations 
or warranties as to the price at which Digital Currency may be sold or the amount 
of the proceeds of sale realised from the sale of Digital Currency; and (iii) none 
of the Issuer, the Determination Agent, the Digital Asset Sales Agent or the 
Trustee shall be liable for any failure by any purchaser of Digital Currency to 
effect or complete the purchase of such Digital Currency, to deliver the 
applicable net proceeds of sale or other amount due or otherwise comply with its 
obligations entered into pursuant to this Condition, but in the event of any such 
failure, the Issuer shall to the extent practicable procure the assignment to the 
redeeming Security Holder of its claims in relation to such Digital Currency in 
satisfaction of all claims of such Security Holder in respect of the Digital 
Securities to be Redeemed and the Security Holder shall have no further claims 
against the Issuer, the Determination Agent, the Digital Asset Sales Agent, the 
Trustee or the Secured Property. 
11. 
SETTLEMENT AND REDEMPTION OBLIGATIONS 
11.1. 
Where a Redemption Notice has been lodged for the Redemption of Digital Securities, the 
Security Holder which holds those Digital Securities which are the subject of that 
Redemption must, by 8.00 a.m. on the Settlement Date, effect an Acceptable Delivery in 
respect of the Digital Securities to be Redeemed. Once a valid Redemption Notice is lodged 
in respect of Digital Securities, the Digital Securities in respect of which it was given may 
not be transferred by the Security Holder (except to the Issuer), and the Issuer may refuse to 
recognise any subsequent transfer of any of those Digital Securities. 
11.2. 
Subject as provided in Condition 9.3(c), failure by a Security Holder to effect an Acceptable 
Delivery in respect of the Digital Securities to be Redeemed shall not invalidate the 
Redemption of those Digital Securities. Where settlement of a Redemption of Digital 
Securities is delayed due to the failure of the Security Holder to effect an Acceptable

--- Page 108 ---
105 
 
Delivery in respect of the Digital Securities to be Redeemed, the Security Holder shall not 
be entitled to receive any interest in respect of late delivery of the Digital Asset Entitlement, 
Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) or other amounts due. If the 
Security Holder fails to effect an Acceptable Delivery in respect of the Digital Securities to 
be Redeemed, the Issuer shall be entitled (i) to sell, in exchange for US Dollars or such other 
Eligible Currency as the Issuer thinks fit, the Digital Asset Entitlement in Digital Currency 
of the Underlying Type or, in the cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, in Digital 
Currency of each Underlying Type comprised in the Basket Entitlement or the Index 
Entitlement (as the case may be) in each case (rounded down to the Delivery Precision 
Level) (or other amount due) in respect of such Digital Securities and deliver to the Trustee 
(to be held on trust for the Security Holder in accordance with the Trust Instrument) the net 
proceeds of sale in respect thereof (less the Redemption Fee and any applicable Redemption 
Deductions) and (ii) following such delivery to cancel the entry in the Register in respect of 
those Digital Securities. 
11.3. 
Where Digital Securities are Redeemed in accordance with Condition 9 (Redemption of 
Digital Securities) or Condition 10.3 (Compulsory Redemption for Cause) the Issuer shall 
be entitled, upon delivery of the Digital Asset Entitlement in Digital Currency of the 
Underlying Type or, in the cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, in Digital 
Currency of each Underlying Type comprised in the Basket Entitlement or the Index 
Entitlement (as the case may be) in each case (rounded down to the Delivery Precision 
Level) or payment of any other amount due (in each case less the Redemption Fee, if 
applicable and any other Redemption Deductions) into the applicable Security Holder 
Account or other payment in accordance with Condition 28 (Payment Provisions), to cancel 
the entry in the Register in respect of those Digital Securities being Redeemed. 
11.4. 
Digital Securities Redeemed pursuant to Condition 10.1 (Compulsory Redemption on 
Termination) and Condition 10.5 (Compulsory Redemption for illegality or impossibility) 
shall be deemed to have been Redeemed as from the Compulsory Redemption Date in 
respect of such Digital Securities and the Issuer shall be entitled, upon delivery of the Digital 
Asset Entitlement in Digital Currency of the Underlying Type or, in the cases of Basket 
Securities and Index Securities, in Digital Currency of each Underlying Type comprised in 
the Basket Entitlement or the Index Entitlement (as the case may be) in each case calculated 
as at the Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date (rounded down to the Delivery Precision 
Level) or payment of any other amount due (in each case less the Redemption Fee, if 
applicable and any other Redemption Deductions) into the applicable Security Holder 
Account or other payment in accordance with Condition 28 (Payment Provisions), to cancel 
the entry in the Register in respect of those Digital Securities being Redeemed from that 
date. 
11.5. 
Digital Securities Redeemed pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Compulsory Redemption on Issuer 
Insolvency Event) shall be deemed to have been Redeemed as from the Compulsory 
Redemption Settlement Date in respect of such Digital Securities and the Issuer or the 
Trustee shall be entitled, upon delivery of the Digital Asset Entitlement in Digital Currency 
of the Underlying Type or, in the cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, in Digital 
Currency of each Underlying Type comprised in the Basket Entitlement or the Index 
Entitlement (as the case may be) in each case calculated as at the Compulsory Redemption 
Settlement Date (rounded down to the Delivery Precision Level) or payment of any other 
amount due (in each case less the Redemption Fee, if applicable and any other Redemption 
Deductions) into the applicable Security Holder Account or other payment in accordance 
with Condition 28 (Payment Provisions), to cancel the entry in the Register in respect of 
those Digital Securities being Redeemed from that date.

--- Page 109 ---
106 
 
11.6. 
The Issuer may, at any time, notify a Security Holder that the Issuer, the Registrar or the 
Trustee or any of their respective agents may have to withhold or deduct from any delivery 
or payment that corresponds to the Redemption Notice an amount for or on account of, any 
costs and expenses relating to the Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement or Index 
Entitlement (as the case may be) and any delivery thereof, any present or future taxes, duties 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction or any political sub-division 
thereof or any authority thereof having power to tax, as required by law (as modified by the 
practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority) then in effect and such notice shall 
specify any form or document to be delivered by beneficial owners of Digital Securities that 
may allow the Issuer, Registrar or Trustee (as the case may be) to make such delivery or 
payment without any such withholding or deduction or with such withholding or deduction 
at a reduced rate. If such forms or documents are not provided to the Issuer by the relevant 
Security Holder or, if it is not the beneficial owner of Digital Securities held by such Security 
Holder and which are to be redeemed, such beneficial owner, then any such delivery or 
payment will be reduced (and the matching obligation of the Issuer to deliver or to procure 
the delivery of the Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as 
the case may be) or other amount due to that Security Holder will also be reduced) by the 
amount of the withholding or deduction. 
12. 
REDEMPTION FEE  
12.1. 
Subject as provided below, it is a condition to the performance by the Issuer of the obligation 
to redeem Digital Securities that the Issuer may deduct the Redemption Fee from the Digital 
Asset Entitlement, Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) or other 
amount due to the Security Holder on Redemption and that if it does not the Security Holder 
of such Digital Securities shall pay to the Issuer the Redemption Fee in respect of such 
Redemption in accordance with this Condition 12. The Issuer may offset the amount of the 
Redemption Fee payable hereunder against the Digital Asset Entitlement, Basket 
Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) or other amount due to the Security 
Holder on Redemption. 
12.2. 
On a Redemption of Digital Securities at the request of an Authorised Participant, the 
Redemption Fee shall be the amount agreed in the relevant Authorised Participant 
Agreement to be payable, or such other amount as may be agreed by the Issuer and that 
Authorised Participant at the time of the Redemption, regardless of the number of Digital 
Securities being redeemed. 
12.3. 
On a Redemption of Digital Securities at the request of a Security Holder who is not an 
Authorised Participant, in accordance with Condition 9.3 (Redemption by Other Security 
Holders), the Redemption Fee shall be an amount equal to the cost to the Issuer of satisfying 
such Redemption request, which shall be notified to the Security Holder at the time of the 
Redemption being not greater than US$500 or such other amount as may be notified through 
a RIS. 
12.4. 
On a Compulsory Redemption of Digital Securities pursuant to Condition 10.3 (Compulsory 
Redemption for Cause), the Redemption Fee shall be an amount equal to the cost to the 
Issuer incurred in relation to the Redemption, including the costs of enquiries under 
Condition 13 (Enquiries as to Status of Security Holders) and the cost of giving such notice, 
being not greater than US$500 or such other amount as may be notified through a RIS. The 
Issuer shall notify Security Holders whose Digital Securities are subject to Compulsory 
Redemption of the amount of those costs, and their allocation to particular Security Holders, 
at the time of the Redemption.

--- Page 110 ---
107 
 
13. 
ENQUIRIES AS TO STATUS OF SECURITY HOLDERS 
13.1. 
The Issuer may at any time, without any requirement to state a reason, give notice to a 
Security Holder requiring that Security Holder: 
(a) 
to certify, no later than the date (the “Investor Notice Expiry Date”) falling 
fifteen Issuer Business Days following the date on which the Issuer sends or 
transmits such requirement to that Security Holder whether that Security Holder 
is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor (and if that Security Holder is a Prohibited 
Benefit Plan Investor, to notify the Issuer of the number and class of Digital 
Securities in respect of which it is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor); 
(b) 
if that Security Holder asserts that it is not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor (or 
not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor in respect of all Digital Securities held by 
it), to provide to the Issuer by the Investor Notice Expiry Date a certificate in the 
form and executed in the manner determined by the Issuer that the Security 
Holder is not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor (or not a Prohibited Benefit Plan 
Investor in respect of certain Digital Securities held by it, specifying the number 
and class of Digital Securities in respect of which it is, and is not, a Prohibited 
Benefit Plan Investor); and 
(c) 
to certify and provide to the Issuer by the Investor Notice Expiry Date evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer, acting reasonably, that the Security Holder is not in 
breach of any law or regulation or would risk exposing any Programme Party to 
a breach of any law or regulation. 
13.2. 
The Issuer shall be entitled, save to the extent that it has made enquiry under this 
Condition 13, to assume that none of the Digital Securities are held by Prohibited Benefit 
Plan Investors. 
14. 
ENFORCEMENT; EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
14.1. 
In addition to any of the powers conferred on the Trustee pursuant to the Security Deed with 
respect to the Secured Property: 
(a) 
after the occurrence of a Delivery Default, the Trustee at any time (i) may at its 
discretion or (ii) shall, if so directed in writing by the Security Holder holding 
the Digital Security to which such Delivery Default relates, provided in each 
case that the Trustee has first been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded 
to its satisfaction, take such proceedings and/or other action or steps as it may 
think fit against or in relation to the Issuer to enforce any such obligation of the 
Issuer under the Trust Instrument and the security constituted by the Security 
Deed in respect of the Digital Securities to which such Delivery Default relates. 
(b) 
if an Issuer Insolvency Event or an Agency Agreement Default has occurred and 
is continuing, the Trustee at any time (i) may at its discretion or (ii) shall if so 
directed in writing by Security Holders holding not less than 25 per cent. by 
Principal Amount of the affected Digital Securities (as a whole) then outstanding 
or an Extraordinary Resolution of the Security Holders holding affected Digital 
Securities (as a single resolution of the holders of all affected Digital Securities 
as though such affected Digital Securities constituted a single Class), provided 
in each case that the Trustee has first been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
pre-funded to its satisfaction, take such proceedings and/or other action or steps 
as it may think fit against or in relation to the Issuer to enforce any obligations

--- Page 111 ---
108 
 
of the Issuer under the Trust Instrument and the security constituted by the 
Security Deed in respect of all affected and outstanding Digital Securities and 
for this purpose (and for the purposes of Condition 14.4) “affected Digital 
Securities” means, in the context of an Issuer Insolvency Event, all of them, and, 
in the context of an Agency Agreement Default, those Digital Securities that are 
attributable to the Pool or Pools to which the relevant Agency Agreement relates. 
14.2. 
If the Trustee considers that the Issuer is in breach of any of its obligations (other than 
payment or delivery obligations or any breach consisting of an Issuer Insolvency Event) in 
the Trust Instrument and the Issuer has not remedied the same within 30 calendar days (or 
such longer period as the Trustee may permit) after notice of such default shall have been 
given to the Issuer by the Trustee under Condition 14.9(b), the Trustee shall, if requested to 
do so by the Issuer (such request a “Breach Redemption Request”), and at the expense of 
the Issuer, give notice to all Security Holders of that fact. Prior to giving any such notice, 
the Trustee shall provide a copy of the proposed notice to the Issuer (provided the Trustee 
does not consider it detrimental to the interests of Security Holders to give a copy of any 
such proposed notice to the Issuer) and shall include with the notice any statement of not 
more than 1,000 words prepared by the Issuer and provided to the Trustee for the purpose 
within 7 days of receipt of the copy of the proposed notice referred to herein. In any such 
notice the Trustee shall designate a period (the “Breach Redemption Period”) commencing 
on any Issuer Business Day until the date one month from such Issuer Business Day 
(inclusive) during which each Security Holder will be entitled to redeem all (but not some 
only) of the Digital Securities held by it in the same manner as though there were no 
Authorised Participants under Condition 9.3. After the expiry of the Breach Redemption 
Period, the relevant breach shall be deemed waived without any action of the Trustee, but 
without prejudice to the right of the Trustee to take action in the event of any subsequent 
such breach. 
14.3. 
If at any time during the Breach Redemption Period the right to Redeem Digital Securities 
of any class pursuant to Conditions 9.2, 9.3 (if applicable) and 9.4 is suspended pursuant to 
Condition 9.13 (Suspension of Redemptions), then the right to Redeem Digital Securities of 
that class pursuant to Condition 14.2 shall be suspended in like manner and the provisions 
of Condition 9.13(d) shall apply mutatis mutandis.  Upon the suspension ceasing under 
Condition 9.13 (Suspension of Redemptions), the right to Redeem Digital Securities of that 
class pursuant to Condition 14.2 shall resume and the Breach Redemption Period in respect 
of that class shall continue until the date one month from the date on which the suspension 
so ceased. 
14.4. 
If an Issuer Insolvency Event or an Agency Agreement Default is occurring at the same time 
as a Delivery Default, a Security Holder holding affected Digital Securities to which such 
Delivery Default relates will not be entitled to require the Trustee to take action in 
accordance with Condition 14.1 until the expiry of 30 calendar days from the occurrence of 
the Issuer Insolvency Event and/or Agency Agreement Default, nor shall they be so entitled 
if, during such period of 30 calendar days, the Trustee has elected, or been required, to take 
action in accordance with Condition 14.1(b). 
14.5. 
Subject to Condition 14.8, only the Trustee may enforce the provisions of the Trust 
Instrument or the Security Deed or take any other actions, steps or proceedings to enforce 
the rights of Security Holders however such rights may arise. Where the Trustee has elected 
or been directed to enforce the Issuer’s obligations under the Trust Instrument and the 
security constituted by the Security Deed, the right of Security Holders to lodge a 
Redemption Notice shall cease. Valid Redemption Notices lodged before the date the 
Trustee announces its intention to enforce the security will be Redeemed in the normal 
manner.

--- Page 112 ---
109 
 
14.6. 
If the Trustee takes any action pursuant to Condition 14.1 with respect to any Digital 
Securities to which a Delivery Default relates, it shall give notice to the Issuer that such 
Digital Securities in respect of which such action is taken are, and they shall become, due 
and payable. 
14.7. 
The Trustee shall not be required to take any action in relation to the Security constituted by 
the Security Deed which may (i) be illegal or contrary to any applicable law or regulation or 
(ii) cause it to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any liability (including any 
personal liability) in the performance of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights, 
powers and discretions. 
14.8. 
No Security Holder will be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, 
having become bound so to proceed, fails or is unable to do so to do so within a reasonable 
period and such failure is continuing, in which case any such Security Holder will have only 
such rights against the Issuer as those which the Trustee is entitled to exercise against or in 
relation to the Issuer. 
14.9. 
Events of Default 
In these Conditions, the expression “Event of Default” in respect of a Class of Digital 
Securities means:  
(a) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of any sum or delivery of any Digital Asset 
Entitlement, Basket Entitlement or Index Entitlement (as the case may be) due 
in respect of any Digital Security of that class for a period of 14 calendar days 
or more; 
(b) 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations 
(other than a payment or delivery obligation) under that Class of Digital 
Securities, the Trust Instrument, any other Programme Document or the Security 
Deed, which default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Trustee 
capable of remedy, is not remedied within 30 calendar days (or such longer 
period as the Trustee may permit) after notice of such default shall have been 
given to the Issuer by the Trustee (and, for these purposes, a failure to perform 
or comply with an obligation shall be deemed to be remediable notwithstanding 
that the failure results from not doing an act or thing by a particular time), 
provided that if the Issuer has in respect of such default made a Breach 
Redemption Request under Condition 14.2 then such default shall not be an 
Event of Default; 
(c) 
if the Determination Agent in respect of that Class of Digital Securities resigns 
or its appointment is terminated for any reason and, at the time such termination 
takes effect, no successor or replacement Determination Agent has been 
appointed with respect to such Class of Digital Securities; or 
(d) 
if any Custody Agreement in respect of that Class of Digital Securities is 
terminated and immediately upon such termination taking effect there is no 
Custodian that has been appointed with respect to such Class of Digital 
Securities.

--- Page 113 ---
110 
 
15. 
APPLICATION OF MONEYS 
All moneys received by the Trustee pursuant to the realisation of Secured Property in respect 
of a particular Class of Digital Security shall be held by the Trustee upon trust, to apply 
them: 
(a) 
FIRST in payment or satisfaction of all amounts then due to the Trustee and 
unpaid (including to its attorneys, managers, agents, delegates, Custodians or 
other person appointed by the Trustee and including payments under any 
indemnity) under the terms of the Trust Instrument, and to payment of any 
remuneration and expenses of any receiver and the costs of realisation of the 
security constituted by the Security Deed, and if the security constituted by the 
Security Deed is realised in respect of more than one Class of Digital Securities 
simultaneously, any such fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities that are 
not attributable to a particular Class shall be applied across all such Classes pari 
passu and pro rata; 
(b) 
SECONDLY in or towards payment or performance pari passu and rateably of 
all amounts then due and unpaid and all obligations due to be performed and 
unperformed in respect of Digital Securities of that Class; and 
(c) 
THIRDLY in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer (without prejudice to, 
or liability in respect of, any question as to how such payment to the Issuer shall 
be dealt with as between the Issuer and any other person). 
16. 
RESTRICTIONS 
16.1. 
So long as any Digital Securities of a particular Class are outstanding, the Issuer covenants 
in the Trust Instrument, inter alia:  
(a) 
save as permitted by Condition 17 (Further Securities; Other Pools; Fork 
Events; Consolidation and Division), not to undertake any business save for the 
issue and redemption of Digital Securities, the acquisition and disposal of 
Underlying Assets, entering into the necessary Programme Documents (which 
for this purpose includes documents appointing officers, administrators, 
registrars and advisers) and performing its obligations and exercising its rights 
thereunder; 
(b) 
not to incur or permit to subsist in respect of any Pool any indebtedness for 
borrowed money other than Digital Securities or Further Securities; and not in 
respect of any Pool to give any guarantee or indemnity in respect of indebtedness 
of any person, save in each case with the prior written consent of the Trustee and 
save for any indemnities given under the Programme Documents; 
(c) 
other than as permitted under the Security Deed or with the prior written consent 
of the Trustee, not to dispose of any of the Secured Property or any interest 
therein, or to create any mortgage, pledge, charge, lien, or other form of 
encumbrance or security interest or right of recourse in respect thereof in favour 
of any person; 
(d) 
not to issue any Digital Securities of any Class unless it has received Digital 
Currency of the Underlying Type or, in the cases of Basket Securities and Index 
Securities, of each Underlying Type in each case in an aggregate amount equal 
to the Digital Asset Entitlement in Digital Currency of the Underlying Type or,

--- Page 114 ---
111 
 
in the cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, in Digital Currency of 
each Underlying Type comprised in the Basket Entitlement or the Index 
Entitlement (as the case may be) calculated as at the Settlement Date; 
(e) 
not to maintain an office or other fixed place of business, nor to establish any 
permanent establishment, nor be or become tax resident, in the United Kingdom; 
(f) 
to undertake any business so as to seek to minimise the impact of taxation; and 
(g) 
to procure that the Pools are at all times maintained in a manner so that they are 
readily distinguishable from each other. 
16.2. 
So long as any Digital Securities of a particular Class are outstanding, the Issuer further 
covenants in the Trust Instrument, inter alia, save in the ordinary course of business not to 
incur or permit to subsist any indebtedness for borrowed money other than Digital Securities 
or Further Securities; and not to give any guarantee or indemnity in respect of indebtedness 
of any person, save in each case with the prior written consent of the Trustee and save for 
any indemnities given under the Programme Documents. 
16.3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 16.1, the Issuer may issue Digital Securities without having 
received Digital Currency of the Underlying Type or, in the cases of Basket Securities and 
Index Securities, of each Underlying Type in each case in an aggregate amount equal to the 
Digital Asset Entitlement in Digital Currency of the Underlying Type or, in the cases of 
Basket Securities and Index Securities, in Digital Currency of each Underlying Type 
comprised in the Basket Entitlement or the Index Entitlement (as the case may be) calculated 
as at the Settlement Date provided that such Digital Securities are issued to or for the account 
of the Arranger or an Affiliate of the Arranger or the Issuer or an Affiliate of the Issuer and 
held as Treasury Securities in accordance with the provisions of Condition 18.1 (Treasury 
Securities). 
16.4. 
Nothing in this Condition 16 shall prevent the Issuer from creating and issuing undated 
limited recourse debt obligations constituted by a trust instrument or trust deed other than 
the Trust Instrument. 
16.5. 
Nothing in this Condition 16 shall prevent the Issuer from entering into Staking Transactions 
in accordance with Condition 5.6 (Staking) or from borrowing Digital Currency pursuant to 
the terms of the Staking Agency Agreement as referred to in Condition 5.6. 
17. 
FURTHER SECURITIES; OTHER POOLS; FORK EVENTS; CONSOLIDATION AND DIVISION 
17.1. 
Further Tranches 
The Issuer may, from time to time (without the consent of the Trustee or any Security 
Holder), in accordance with the Trust Instrument and the Conditions, create and issue further 
Tranches of Digital Securities so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a 
single Class with the outstanding Digital Securities of any Class at the time of their issue 
and/or incur further obligations relating to such Digital Securities. 
Any new securities forming a single Class with the Digital Securities of any Class and which 
are expressed to be constituted by the Trust Instrument and secured by the Security Deed 
will, upon the issue thereof by the Issuer, be constituted by the Trust Instrument and secured 
by the Security Deed without any further formality and irrespective of whether or not the 
issue of such securities contravenes any covenant or other restriction in the Trust Instrument

--- Page 115 ---
112 
 
and references in these Conditions to “Secured Property” and “Digital Securities” shall be 
construed accordingly. 
17.2. 
Further Classes 
The Issuer may (without the consent of the Security Holders) create and issue additional 
classes of undated limited recourse secured debt securities constituted by the Trust 
Instrument or an instrument or deed supplemental to the Trust Instrument and may establish 
additional pools of assets for the purposes of such additional classes of securities and the 
Trustee shall join in such instrument or deed (provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged 
to so join if doing so would, in the reasonable opinion of the Trustee, impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to further liabilities or reduce the rights, powers or 
protections of the Trustee in its personal capacity) and thereupon such pool shall be a “Pool” 
for the purposes of the Trust Instrument and such securities shall be “Digital Securities” for 
such purposes. 
Any such additional Classes of Digital Securities shall have recourse only to the Pool 
attributable to the relevant Class and not to any other Pool. Other such securities created by 
the Issuer under this Condition 17.2 may be created and issued subject to different terms and 
conditions in lieu of the provisions of the Trust Instrument (including but not limited to 
different pricing mechanisms), to be determined by the Issuer. 
If other securities created by the Issuer under this Condition 17.2 are subject to different 
terms and conditions in lieu of the provisions of the Trust Instrument the Issuer shall publish 
those new conditions in its RIS announcement or in a prospectus or listing particulars or 
supplementary prospectus or supplementary listing particulars and on the Issuer’s Website. 
17.3. 
Restrictions on creation of new Classes 
The Issuer shall not accept Applications for, or issue, Digital Securities of a new Class under 
Condition 17.2 unless it has first executed and delivered to the Trustee an instrument 
amending the Security Deed assigning by way of security, for the benefit of the Trustee and 
the relevant Security Holders of the relevant Class, the contractual rights of the Issuer under 
the Custody Agreement and creating a first-ranking floating charge, for the benefit of the 
Trustee and the relevant Security Holders, over all of the Issuer's rights in relation to the 
Secured Property attributable to the applicable Pool, including but not limited to its rights 
under the Custody Agreement (in each case to the extent that it relates to such Class) for the 
benefit of the Trustee and the relevant Security Holders. 
17.4. 
Fork Events and Airdrop Events 
Without prejudice to the Issuer’s rights to effect changes to the Conditions and Programme 
Documents without the consent of the Security Holders or Trustee pursuant to 
Condition 26.2(c), in the event of a Fork Event and/or an Airdrop Event affecting the 
Underlying Assets applicable to any Class of Digital Security (the “Original Class”), the 
discretions available to the Issuer will include any one or more of: 
(a) 
to adjust the rights of the Digital Securities of the Original Class so that some or 
all of the Digital Currency (the “Additional Asset”) arising as a result of the 
Fork Event or, as the case may be, the Airdrop Event, shall be held by or for the 
Issuer in respect of the Digital Securities of the Original Class and the type of 
Digital Currency represented by the Additional Asset shall constitute an 
additional Underlying Type in respect of the Digital Securities of the Original

--- Page 116 ---
113 
 
Class and so that, if the Original Class is a Class of Individual Securities, the 
Digital Securities of the Original Class shall become a Class of Basket Securities; 
(b) 
(either at the time of the Fork Event or, as the case may be, the Airdrop Event 
or, having adjusted the rights of the Digital Securities of the Original Class as 
referred to in paragraph (a), at any time thereafter) to sell some or all of the 
Additional Asset and apply the net proceeds of sale in acquiring additional 
Digital Currency of the type represented by Digital Securities of the Original 
Class and to adjust the Digital Asset Entitlement of the Digital Securities of the 
Original Class accordingly in accordance with Condition 17.5 (Fork Events and 
Airdrop Events – Supplementary Provisions – Asset Disposal and Asset 
Acquisition); 
(c) 
to create a new Class of Individual Securities (“New Securities”) in respect of 
which the Additional Asset shall be the Underlying Assets and the type of Digital 
Currency represented by the Additional Asset shall constitute an additional 
Underlying Type, and to issue to the Security Holders in respect of the Original 
Class a number of New Securities pro rata to their holdings of Digital Securities 
of the Original Class; 
(d) 
to reduce the Digital Asset Entitlement for the Original Class in an equal 
proportion to the proportion of the Digital Assets which have been lost or 
converted into or replaced by Additional Assets (if applicable); 
(e) 
to elect not to receive any Additional Assets, in which circumstances the Security 
Holders shall not be entitled to receive any value arising from such Additional 
Asset; 
(f) 
to distribute some or all of the Additional Asset to the Security Holders in respect 
of the Original Class pro rata to their holdings of Digital Securities of the 
Original Class; or 
(g) 
(either at the time of the Fork Event or, as the case may be, the Airdrop Event 
or, having adjusted the rights of the Digital Securities of the Original Class as 
referred to in paragraph (a), at any time thereafter) to sell some or all of the 
Additional Asset and distribute the net realisation proceeds to the Security 
Holders in respect of the Original Class pro rata to their holdings of Digital 
Securities of the Original Class in accordance with Condition 17.6 (Fork Events 
and Airdrop Events – Supplementary Provisions – Cash Distribution). 
17.5. 
 
Fork Events and Airdrop Events – Supplementary Provisions – Asset Disposal and 
Asset Acquisition  
Where in relation to a Fork Event or an Airdrop Event the Issuer determines to sell some or 
all of the Additional Asset (an “Asset Disposal”) and apply the net proceeds of sale in 
acquiring additional Digital Currency of the type represented by Digital Securities of the 
Original Class as provided for in Condition 17.4(b), the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after making such 
determination, notify holders of Digital Securities of the Original Class through 
a RIS of its intention to sell the Additional Asset and apply the net proceeds of 
sale in acquiring additional Digital Currency of the type represented by Digital 
Securities of the Original Class.

--- Page 117 ---
114 
 
(b) 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable prior to the commencement 
of the Asset Disposal, notify holders of Digital Securities of the Original Class 
through a RIS of the date (the “Asset Disposal Commencement Date”) on 
which the Asset Disposal is expected to commence and the date by which it is 
expected to conclude; 
(c) 
The Issuer shall then instruct the Digital Asset Sales Agent to use reasonable 
endeavours from the Asset Disposal Commencement Date to carry out such 
trading activities as are necessary to sell the Additional Asset and to apply the 
net proceeds of sale after expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Digital 
Asset Sales Agent) in acquiring (an “Asset Acquisition”) additional Digital 
Currency of the type represented by Digital Securities of the Original Class; 
(d) 
An Asset Disposal and Asset Acquisition may be effected on a single day or on 
up to five consecutive days (or five days which would be consecutive but for the 
omission of days with are public holidays in any jurisdiction or on which any 
exchange or market is not open for business).  The Determination Agent shall 
calculate the Digital Asset Entitlement in respect of each type of Digital 
Currency applicable to the Digital Securities of the Original Class for each such 
effective date or dates. If, for whatever reason, the Determination Agent is 
unable (in good faith) to calculate the Digital Asset Entitlement for each such 
effective date or dates, such as in circumstances where the trading activities 
referenced in paragraph (c) above have not completed or settled in full, then the 
calculation of the Digital Asset Entitlement may be postponed until it is able to 
be calculated by the Determination Agent. 
(e) 
Following each determination by the Determination Agent of the Digital Asset 
Entitlement for each such effective date or dates, the Issuer shall notify holders 
of Digital Securities of the Original Class through a RIS thereof. 
(f) 
An Asset Disposal and Asset Acquisition shall not create, issue, redeem or cancel 
any Digital Securities and no payment shall be made to a Security Holder in 
respect of any Asset Disposal or Asset Acquisition. 
17.6. 
 
Fork Events and Airdrop Events – Supplementary Provisions – Cash Distribution  
Where in relation to a Fork Event or an Airdrop Event the Issuer determines to sell some or 
all of the Additional Asset and distribute the net proceeds of sale to the Security Holders in 
respect of the Original Class as provided for in Condition 17.4(g), the following provisions 
shall apply: 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after making such 
determination, notify holders of Digital Securities of the Original Class through 
a RIS of its intention to sell the Additional Asset and distribute the net proceeds 
of sale (“Cash Distribution”) to the Security Holders in respect of the Original 
Class. 
(b) 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable prior to the commencement 
of the Cash Distribution, notify holders of Digital Securities of the Original Class 
through a RIS of the date (the “Cash Distribution Commencement Date”) on 
which the Cash Distribution is expected to commence, the date by which it is 
expected to conclude, the record date for the distribution of the net proceeds of 
sale and how (and with effect from what date(s)) the Digital Asset Entitlement

--- Page 118 ---
115 
 
of the Digital Securities of the Original Class will be adjusted in consequence of 
the Cash Distribution. 
(c) 
The Issuer shall then instruct the Digital Asset Sales Agent to use reasonable 
endeavours from the Cash Distribution Commencement Date to carry out such 
trading activities as are necessary to sell the Additional Asset. 
(d) 
Following completion of such trading activities as are referred to in 
paragraph (c), the Issuer shall procure the distribution of such net proceeds of 
sale to the Security Holders in respect of the Original Class on the Register on 
the record date referred to in paragraph (b) pro rata to their holdings of Digital 
Securities of the Original Class on the Register on such record date in accordance 
with Condition 28 (Payment Provisions), provided that in respect of any 
Security Holder to whom in aggregate less than the de minimis Amount would 
be payable, the Issuer may retain the amount otherwise payable for its own 
benefit. 
17.7. 
 
No obligation to monitor 
Neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be obliged to assess or monitor whether an Airdrop 
Event or a Fork Event may have occurred. 
17.8. 
 
Successor Index and/or Index Adjustment Events 
If, in relation to any Class of Digital Securities linked to an Index, the relevant Index (i) is 
not calculated and announced by the relevant Benchmark Administrator but is calculated 
and announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Issuer, or (ii) replaced by a 
successor index using, in the determination of the Issuer, the same or a substantially similar 
formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation or that Index, then in each 
case that index (the “Successor Index”) will be deemed to be the Index for such Class. 
17.9. 
Consolidation and Division 
The Issuer may consolidate or divide all of the Individual Securities of any Class into 
Individual Securities of the same Class but with a proportionately larger or smaller Digital 
Asset Entitlement in Digital Currency of the Underlying Type and a proportionally larger or 
smaller Principal Amount and may consolidate or divide all of the Basket Securities or Index 
Securities of any class into Basket Securities or Index Securities (as the case may be) of the 
same class but with a proportionately larger or smaller Digital Asset Entitlement in Digital 
Currency of each Underlying Type comprised in the Basket Entitlement or the Index 
Entitlement (as the case may be) and in each case with a proportionately larger or smaller 
Principal Amount. Such consolidation or division shall be effected by deed or instrument 
supplemental to the Trust Instrument. 
Whenever as a result of consolidation of Digital Securities a Security Holder would become 
entitled to a fraction of a Digital Security the Issuer will Redeem such fraction of a Digital 
Security. In such circumstances the provisions of Condition 10 (Compulsory Redemption by 
the Issuer or Trustee) shall apply in respect of the aggregate fractions of Digital Securities 
to be redeemed mutatis mutandis as though the Redemption were pursuant to Condition 10.1 
(Compulsory Redemption on Termination) and the date on which the consolidation becomes 
effective the Compulsory Redemption Date, provided that amounts less than the de minimis 
Amount otherwise payable to any particular Security Holder may be retained for the benefit 
of the Issuer.

--- Page 119 ---
116 
 
18. 
TREASURY SECURITIES AND ISSUER’S ABILITY TO PURCHASE DIGITAL SECURITIES 
18.1. 
Treasury Securities 
Digital Securities of any Class held by or for the account of the Arranger or an Affiliate of 
the Arranger or the Issuer or an Affiliate of the Issuer may become Treasury Securities.  The 
following provisions shall apply to Treasury Securities: 
(a) 
the interests of the Arranger, the Issuer and their respective Affiliates in such 
Treasury Securities shall be held on trust for the Issuer and such interest assigned 
by way of security to the Trustee for the benefit of the Security Holders in respect 
of that Class of Digital Securities as part of the Secured Property in relation to 
such Class; 
(b) 
the rights of the Issuer in respect of the Digital Currency relating to such 
Treasury Securities may be released from the security constituted by the Security 
Deed in respect of the Digital Securities of that Class; 
(c) 
none of the Arranger, the Issuer or their respective Affiliates may sell, transfer 
or otherwise dispose of such Treasury Securities unless and until the Issuer has 
received (to be held as part of the Secured Property) Digital Currency of the 
Underlying Type or, in the cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, of 
each Underlying Type in each case in an aggregate amount equal to the Digital 
Asset Entitlement in Digital Currency of the Underlying Type or, in the cases of 
Basket Securities and Index Securities, in Digital Currency of each Underlying 
Type comprised in the Basket Entitlement or the Index Entitlement (as the case 
may be) of such Digital Securities calculated as at the date of such receipt; and 
(d) 
for so long as Digital Securities are held as Treasury Securities, no Management 
Fee shall accrue in respect of them; and 
(e) 
unless and until the Issuer has received (to be held as part of the Secured 
Property) Digital Currency of the Underlying Type or, in the cases of Basket 
Securities and Index Securities, of each Underlying Type in each case in an 
aggregate amount equal to the Digital Asset Entitlement in Digital Currency of 
the Underlying Type or, in the cases of Basket Securities and Index Securities, 
in Digital Currency of each Underlying Type comprised in the Basket 
Entitlement or the Index Entitlement (as the case may be) of any Treasury 
Securities on the date of such receipt, the Issuer shall have no Redemption 
Obligations in respect of such Treasury Securities. 
18.2. 
Issuer’s ability to purchase Digital Securities 
There is no restriction on the ability of the Issuer, the Arranger or any of their respective 
Affiliates to purchase or repurchase Digital Securities. 
19. 
LISTING  
The Issuer covenants in the Trust Instrument to use its best endeavours to obtain and, so long 
as any of the Digital Securities remain outstanding, maintain a Listing for the Digital 
Securities or, if it is unable to do so having used such best endeavours or if the Issuer certifies 
to the Trustee that in its opinion the maintenance of such Listing is unduly onerous, use its 
best endeavours to obtain and maintain the quotation or listing of the Digital Securities on 
such other stock exchange as it may (with the prior written approval of the Trustee) decide.

--- Page 120 ---
117 
 
20. 
WAIVER, AUTHORISATION AND DETERMINATION; SUBSTITUTION OF OBLIGOR; 
REGARD TO INTERESTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AS A WHOLE; MEETINGS OF SECURITY 
HOLDERS 
20.1. 
Waiver, Authorisation and Determination 
The Trustee may, without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, but 
only if and in so far as, in its opinion, the interests of the Security Holders shall not be 
materially prejudiced thereby, waive or authorise any breach or proposed breach by the 
Issuer of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the Conditions, the Trust Instrument 
or the Security Deed, or determine that any Event of Default or Issuer Insolvency Event shall 
not be treated as such, provided that the Trustee shall not exercise any powers conferred on 
it by this Condition: 
(a)  with respect to a Delivery Default in respect of a Digital Security, in contravention of 
any express direction given by the Security Holder holding such Digital Security or 
(b)  with respect to (i) an Issuer Insolvency Event or (ii) any Event of Default other than a 
Delivery Default or (iii) any other breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of any of the 
covenants or provisions contained in the Conditions, the Trust Instrument or the 
Security Deed, in contravention of any express direction given by Security Holders 
holding not less than 25 per cent. by Principal Amount of the Digital Securities (as a 
whole) then outstanding or an Extraordinary Resolution of the Security Holders (as a 
single resolution of the holders of all Digital Securities then outstanding as though all 
such Digital Securities constituted a single class), but so that no such direction shall 
affect any waiver, authorisation or determination previously given or made. 
Any such waiver, authorisation or determination may be given or made on such terms and 
subject to such conditions (if any) as the Trustee may determine, shall be binding on the 
Security Holders and, unless the Trustee otherwise agrees, shall be notified by the Issuer to 
the Security Holders as soon as practicable thereafter. 
20.2. 
Substitution of Obligor 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Security Holders, agree to the substitution, in 
place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute) as the principal debtor under the Trust 
Instrument, the other Programme Documents to which it is a party and the Digital Securities 
of each class, of any other company (incorporated in any jurisdiction) (any such substitute 
company being the “Substituted Obligor”) if the following conditions are satisfied: 
(a) 
an instrument or deed is executed or undertaking given by the Substituted 
Obligor to the Trustee, in form and manner satisfactory to the Trustee, agreeing 
to be bound by the Trust Instrument, the Security Deed and the Digital Securities 
of each class (with such consequential amendments as the Trustee may deem 
appropriate) as if the Substituted Obligor had been named in the Trust 
Instrument, the Security Deed and the Digital Securities as the principal debtor 
in place of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Substituted Obligor assumes all rights, obligations and liabilities in relation 
to the Secured Property, acknowledges the Security created in respect thereof 
pursuant to the Security Deed and takes all such action as the Trustee may require 
so that the Security over the Secured Property constitutes as valid mortgage, 
charge, assignment, pledge, lien or other security interest as was originally 
created by the Issuer for the obligations of the Substituted Obligor;

--- Page 121 ---
118 
 
(c) 
a director of the Substituted Obligor certifies that it will be solvent immediately 
after such substitution (the Trustee need not have regard to the Substituted 
Obligor’s financial condition, profits or prospects or compare them with those 
of the Issuer); 
(d) 
the Trustee is satisfied (if it requires, by reference to legal opinions) that (i) all 
necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents necessary for or 
in connection with the assumption by the Substituted Obligor of liability as 
principal debtor in respect of, and of its obligations under, the Digital Securities 
of each class and any Programme Document have been obtained and (ii) such 
approvals and consents are at the time of substitution in full force and effect; 
(e) 
the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor will execute and the Issuer shall procure 
that any Programme Party will execute such other deeds, documents and 
instruments (if any) as the Trustee may require in order that such substitution is 
fully effective; 
(f) 
the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor comply with such other requirements as 
the Trustee may direct in the interests of the Security Holders; and 
(g) 
legal opinions satisfactory to the Trustee are provided concerning any proposed 
substitution. 
In connection with any proposed substitution of the Issuer, the Trustee may, without the 
consent of the holders of the Digital Securities, agree to a change of the law from time to 
time governing such Digital Securities and/or the Trust Instrument and/or the Security Deed, 
provided that such change of law, in the opinion of the Trustee, would not be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of such Security Holders. 
An agreement by the Trustee pursuant to this Condition 20.2 and the Trust Instrument will, 
if so expressed, release the Issuer (or a previous substitute) from any or all of its obligations 
under the Trust Instrument, the Digital Securities and the other relevant Programme 
Documents. The Substituted Obligor shall give notice of the substitution to the Security 
Holders within 14 calendar days of the execution of such documents and compliance with 
such requirements. 
On completion of the formalities set out in this Condition 20.2 and the Trust Instrument, the 
Substituted Obligor shall be deemed to be named in these Conditions, the Trust Instrument 
and the other Programme Documents and the Digital Securities as the principal debtor in 
place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute) and these Conditions, the Trust Instrument, 
the other Programme Documents and the Digital Securities shall be deemed to be amended 
as necessary to give effect to the substitution. 
20.3. 
Regard to interests of Security Holders as a whole 
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Instrument, in connection with the exercise of its 
functions under the relevant Programme Documents, the Trustee will have regard to the 
interests of the Security Holders as a whole and will not have regard to the consequences of 
such exercise for individual Security Holders of any individual class and the Trustee will 
not be entitled to require, nor shall any Security Holders be entitled to claim, from the Issuer 
any indemnification or payment in respect of any Tax consequence of any such exercise 
upon individual Security Holders of any individual class. This Condition 20.3 is without 
prejudice to the right of Trustee to have regard, in respect of a Delivery Default, to the

--- Page 122 ---
119 
 
interests of the Security Holder holding the Digital Security to which such Delivery Default 
relates. 
20.4. 
Meetings of Security Holders 
(a) 
The Trust Instrument contains provisions relating to the convening of meetings 
by the Issuer or the Trustee and provides that, except in the case of an adjourned 
meeting, at least fourteen calendar days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which 
the notice is served or deemed to be served and of the day for which the notice 
is given) of every meeting, including any meeting which is being convened for 
the purpose of passing an Extraordinary Resolution, shall be given to the 
Security Holders of the relevant class or classes. 
(b) 
Any notice of meeting shall be given to the Security Holders by post in 
accordance with the provisions of the Trust Instrument, save that in relation to 
any Digital Securities which are held in Uncertificated Form, such notices may 
be given by means of an electronic communication in the form of an 
Uncertificated Notice of Meeting in accordance with Condition 27.1. 
(c) 
In the case of a meeting adjourned through want of a quorum, other than one 
convened at the requisition of Security Holders, at least seven calendar days’ 
notice (exclusive as aforesaid) should be given in the same manner as for an 
original meeting, unless the day, time and place for the adjourned meeting is 
specified in the notice convening the original meeting, in which case no separate 
notice of the adjourned meeting need be given. 
(d) 
Security Holders in respect of any Class or Classes of Digital Securities have 
power by Extraordinary Resolution, inter alia, to sanction the release of the 
Issuer from the payment of moneys payable pursuant to the Trust Instrument, to 
sanction any modification, abrogation or compromise of, or arrangement in 
respect of, their rights against the Issuer, to assent to any modification or 
abrogation of the covenants or provisions contained in the Trust Instrument 
proposed or agreed to by the Issuer and also to sanction other matters as provided 
therein. 
(e) 
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will 
be one or more persons being Security Holders present in person or by proxy or 
(in the case a Security Holder which is a corporation) by its duly authorised 
representative and holding or representing in the aggregate 50 per cent. in 
Principal Amount of the Digital Securities, or the Digital Securities of the 
relevant Class or Classes, for the time being outstanding or, at any adjourned 
such meeting, one or more persons being Security Holders present in person or 
by proxy or (in the case a Security Holder which is a corporation) by its duly 
authorised representative, whatever the number or amount of the Digital 
Securities of such Class so held or represented, and an Extraordinary Resolution 
duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Security Holders of 
such Class, whether present or not. 
(f) 
A resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 
75 per cent. in Principal Amount of the Digital Securities of each Class for the 
time being outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effectual as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Security Holders of such Class.

--- Page 123 ---
120 
 
21. 
EXERCISE OF DISCRETIONS 
The Trustee may exercise its discretions under the Trust Instrument separately in respect of 
each Class of Digital Securities, and any Further Securities in issue from time to time, and 
shall incur no liability for so doing. 
22. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment under the Conditions in respect of the Digital 
Securities shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years from the date 
on which the payment in respect of the Digital Securities first became due or (if any amount 
of the money or other amount payable was improperly withheld or refused) the date on which 
payment in full of the amount outstanding was made or (if earlier) the date seven days after 
that on which notice is duly given to the Security Holders that, upon delivery of the Digital 
Securities being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, 
provided that payment is in fact made upon such delivery. 
23. 
REMOVAL, RETIREMENT OR REPLACEMENT OF TRUSTEE 
23.1. 
The Trustee may retire at any time without assigning any reason and without being 
responsible for any Liabilities incurred by reason of such retirement, upon giving not less 
than three months’ prior written notice to the Issuer. The Security Holders may by 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Security Holders (as a single class) appoint or remove any 
trustee or trustees for the time being of the Trust Instrument. 
23.2. 
The Issuer will use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a new Trustee as soon as reasonably 
practicable after the Trustee gives notice of its retirement or being removed by Extraordinary 
Resolution. The retirement or removal of any Trustee shall not become effective until a 
successor trustee is appointed. 
23.3. 
If the Trustee gives notice of retirement and the Issuer fails to appoint a new trustee, or is 
unable to appoint a new trustee, in each case before the expiry of the months’ notice period, 
the Trustee shall have the power to appoint a new trustee at the expense of the Issuer. 
24. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
24.1. 
The Conditions, the Digital Securities and the Trust Instrument are governed by the laws of 
Jersey. Notwithstanding the submission by the Issuer to the jurisdiction of the courts of 
Jersey contained in the Trust Instrument, nothing prevents the Trustee from commencing 
proceedings in any other competent jurisdiction. 
24.2. 
The Security Deed is governed by the laws of England. Notwithstanding the submission by 
the Issuer to the jurisdiction of the English courts contained in the Security Deed, nothing 
prevents the Trustee from commencing proceedings in any other competent jurisdiction. 
25. 
TRUSTEE’S LIABILITY 
Save in the case of its own fraud, wilful misconduct or gross negligence, the Trustee shall 
have no liability under the Trust Instrument for a breach of trust or otherwise. 
26. 
AMENDMENTS TO DOCUMENTS 
26.1. 
Pursuant to the Trust Instrument, the Issuer covenants that, save as described in 
Condition 26.2 or otherwise pursuant to the Conditions, it will not amend, vary, modify or

--- Page 124 ---
121 
 
supplement any of the Trustee Consent Documents without the prior written consent of the 
Trustee. 
26.2. 
The Issuer may, by supplemental agreement or supplemental instrument or deed (as 
applicable) and, in respect of paragraphs (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h), (i) and (j) below, without 
the consent of the Trustee, amend these Conditions, the Trust Instrument, the Security Deed 
or any other Trustee Consent Document and the Trustee agrees in the Trust Instrument to 
join in a supplemental agreement or supplemental instrument or deed as applicable 
accordingly (provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged to so join if doing so would, in 
the reasonable opinion of the Trustee, impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it 
to further liabilities or reduce the rights, powers or protections of the Trustee in its personal 
capacity), if one or more of the following applies: 
(a) 
in the opinion of the Issuer the amendment is necessary or desirable and the 
Issuer and Trustee are of the opinion that such amendment is not materially 
prejudicial to the rights of Security Holders; 
(b) 
in the opinion of the Issuer and the Trustee the amendment is of a formal, minor 
or technical nature or to correct a manifest or proven error or to rectify any 
inconsistency, technical defect or ambiguity in the terms of the Trust Instrument 
or such Conditions, Security Deed or other Trustee Consent Document; 
(c) 
the Issuer certifies in writing to the Trustee (upon which certificate the Trustee 
may rely without any obligation to investigate or verify the position and without 
liability to any person) that the sole purpose of the amendment is to provide for 
any consequences of an Adjustment Event; 
(d) 
the Issuer or the Trustee determines in its discretion that the amendment would 
affect the holders of different Classes of Digital Securities differently and the 
terms of the amendment are authorised by separate Extraordinary Resolutions of 
the holders of each class of Digital Security affected passed in accordance with 
the Trust Instrument; 
(e) 
paragraph (d) above does not apply to the amendment and the terms of the 
amendment are authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Security 
Holders (as a single resolution of the holders of all Digital Securities as though 
all Digital Securities constituted a single Class) passed in accordance with the 
Trust Instrument;  
(f) 
the Issuer certifies in writing to the Trustee (upon which certificate the Trustee 
may rely without any obligation to investigate or verify the position and without 
liability to any person) that the sole purpose of the amendment is to vary the 
procedures for the lodgement of Redemption Notices; 
(g) 
the Issuer certifies in writing to the Trustee (upon which certificate the Trustee 
may rely without any obligation to investigate or verify the position and without 
liability to any person) that the terms of the amendment are necessary or 
desirable in the opinion of the Issuer to reflect changes in the Uncertificated 
Regulations or in the applicable law and practice relating to the holding or 
transfer of Digital Securities in uncertificated registered form; 
(h) 
the Issuer certifies in writing to the Trustee (upon which certificate the Trustee 
may rely without any obligation to investigate or verify the position and without 
liability to any person) that the terms of the amendment are necessary or

--- Page 125 ---
122 
 
desirable in the opinion of the Issuer to comply with any statutory or other 
requirement of law (including as modified or applied in any respect to the Digital 
Securities) or the rules, regulations or procedures of any stock exchange or 
settlement system; 
(i) 
in the case of Basket Securities or Index Securities of any Class prior to the issue 
thereof, the Issuer certifies in writing to the Trustee (upon which certificate the 
Trustee may rely without any obligation to investigate or verify the position and 
without liability to any person) that the sole purpose and effect of the amendment 
is to amend the Conditions in respect of that Class of Basket Securities or Index 
Securities and that the amended Conditions have been disclosed in the 
prospectus or a supplement thereto or in a separate base prospectus applicable 
(inter alia) to such Class; or 
(j) 
in the case of Index Securities of any Class, the Issuer certifies in writing to the 
Trustee (upon which certificate the Trustee may rely without any obligation to 
investigate or verify the position and without liability to any person) that the sole 
purpose and effect of the amendment is to substitute a different index for the 
Index for such Class of Index Securities and to make consequential changes 
which are necessary to give effect to such substitution and that the following 
conditions have been or will be satisfied: 
(i) 
the amount of Digital Currency of each Underlying Type attributable 
to or forming part of the Secured Property in respect of the Index 
Securities of that Class will be adjusted to correspond with the 
respective Digital Asset Entitlements comprised in the Index 
Entitlement immediately following the substitution; and 
(ii) 
the amendment does not take effect until at least 10 calendar days 
have elapsed after it is announced to Security Holders in an RIS 
announcement (which announcement may include an announcement 
in compliance with Condition 7 (Rebalancing of Index Securities) of 
a Voluntary Rebalancing for the purposes of satisfying the 
requirement in paragraph (i)). 
26.3. 
The Issuer shall notify all Security Holders of a proposed amendment as referred to in 
Condition 26.2(c), 
Condition 26.2(d), 
Condition 26.2(e), 
Condition 26.2(f) 
and 
Condition 26.2(j) by publishing a notice on a RIS as soon as practicable after such 
amendment is proposed and in any event, upon such amendment becoming effective, unless 
the Trustee otherwise agrees. 
26.4. 
No notice need be given of any amendment as referred to in Condition 26.2(a), 
Condition 26.2(b), Condition 26.2(g), Condition 26.2(h) or Condition 26.2(i) unless the 
Trustee otherwise requires. 
27. 
NOTICES 
27.1. 
All notices required or permitted to be given to Security Holders, the Issuer or the Trustee 
under the Trust Instrument or pursuant to any other Programme Document must be in writing 
in English, except to the extent that the notice relates to a meeting of Security Holders where, 
in relation to any Digital Securities which are held in Uncertificated Form, the Issuer may 
from time to time permit notices of Security Holder meetings to be made by means of an 
electronic communication in the form of an Uncertificated Notice of Meeting in such form 
and subject to such terms and conditions as may from time to time be prescribed by the Issuer

--- Page 126 ---
123 
 
(subject always to facilities and requirements of CREST) and may in similar manner permit 
supplements, or amendments, to any such Uncertificated Notice of Meeting to be made by 
like means. 
27.2. 
All notices to holders of Digital Securities shall be valid if: 
(a) 
they are: 
(i) 
published on the website of one or more RIS(s) approved for such 
purposes by the applicable Relevant Stock Exchange(s) and any such 
notices shall be conclusively presumed to have been received by the 
holders; and/or 
(ii) 
published on the Issuer’s Website; and 
(b) 
for so long as the Digital Securities are listed on any Relevant Stock Exchange, 
they are published in accordance with the rules and regulations of such Relevant 
Stock Exchange or other relevant competent authority. 
27.3. 
Notices to the holders of Digital Securities shall also be valid if: 
(a) 
(subject always to facilities and requirements of CREST) they are delivered 
through CREST; and 
(b) 
(in the case of notices of meetings) they are sent by post in accordance with the 
provisions of the Trust Instrument. 
27.4. 
If, in the opinion of the Trustee, publication in any manner referred to above is not 
practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in a leading daily newspaper with 
general circulation in Zug, Switzerland. 
27.5. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if 
published more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is 
made, as provided above. 
28. 
PAYMENT PROVISIONS 
28.1. 
Subject to Condition 11.6 or otherwise as may be required by law to which the person 
making the delivery or payment is subject, all deliveries due, monies payable by or other 
amounts due from the Issuer on the Redemption of any Digital Securities shall be delivered 
or paid in full, free and clear of and without any withholding or deduction for or on account 
of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant 
jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof or any authority thereof having power to tax, 
unless such deduction or withholding is required by law. 
28.2. 
All monies payable by the Issuer in respect of Digital Securities shall be paid (unless 
otherwise agreed with any particular Security Holder) in the Settlement Currency in full 
cleared and immediately available funds and in accordance with the following provisions: 
(a) 
cash payments in respect of Digital Securities in Uncertificated Form will be 
made through CREST; and  
(b) 
cash payments in respect of Digital Securities in Certificated Form will be made 
to the bank account specified by the Security Holder or, where no bank account

--- Page 127 ---
124 
 
or other settlement details have been provided by a Security Holder, or in other 
circumstances as provided in the Trust Instrument, will be made by cheque or 
warrant and despatched by post at the risk of the Security Holder; 
28.3. 
All payments and/or deliveries of Redemption Amounts (as applicable) in respect of the 
Digital Securities will be subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, 
regulations and directives but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11.6 and 
Condition 28.1 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the United States Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (in 
each case without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11.6 and Condition 28.1) 
28.4. 
Where a day on which a payment would otherwise be due and payable is not an Issuer 
Business Day, such payment shall be due and payable by the payer on the next following 
Issuer Business Day. In the case of any payment payable through CREST, where such 
payment would otherwise be due and payable on a day which is not both an Issuer Business 
Day and a CREST Business Day, such payment shall be due and payable by the payer on 
the next following day which is both an Issuer Business Day and a CREST Business Day." 
 
Summary of Class Schedule 
 
The following tables provide summary details of the classes of securities that are currently 
authorised for issue by the Issuer under the Trust Instrument as set out in the Class Schedule.  
Under the Trust Instrument, the Class Schedule may be amended by the Issuer to add new 
classes of Digital Securities without the consent of Security Holders in respect of any 
existing class by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of the Issuer.  Before any new 
Digital Currency could be added as a potential underlying asset a supplement to this 
Prospectus must be duly approved and published. 
Part A – Classes of Individual Securities 
 
Short name of class of Individual Securities: 
Underlying 
Type: 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
1 
1Valour Bitcoin Physical Carbon Neutral - USD 
Bitcoin 
USD 
US$[●] 
2 
1Valour Staking Bitcoin Physical Carbon Neutral 
- USD 
Bitcoin 
USD 
US$[●] 
3 
1Valour Bitcoin Physical Carbon Neutral - GBP 
Bitcoin 
GBP 
US$[●] 
4 
1Valour Staking Bitcoin Physical Carbon Neutral 
- GBP 
Bitcoin 
GBP 
US$[●] 
5 
1Valour Bitcoin Physical Carbon Neutral - EUR 
Bitcoin 
EUR 
US$[●] 
6 
1Valour Staking Bitcoin Physical Carbon Neutral 
- EUR 
Bitcoin 
EUR 
US$[●] 
7 
1Valour Bitcoin Physical Carbon Neutral - SEK 
Bitcoin 
SEK 
US$[●] 
8 
1Valour Staking Bitcoin Physical Carbon Neutral 
- SEK 
Bitcoin 
SEK 
US$[●] 
9 
1Valour Bitcoin Physical Carbon Neutral - CHF 
Bitcoin 
CHF 
US$[●] 
10 
1Valour Staking Bitcoin Physical Carbon Neutral 
- CHF 
Bitcoin 
CHF 
US$[●] 
11 
1Valour Ethereum Physical - USD 
Ethereum 
USD 
US$[●] 
12 
1Valour Ethereum Physical Staking - USD 
Ethereum 
USD 
US$[●] 
13 
1Valour Ethereum Physical - GBP 
Ethereum 
GBP 
US$[●]

--- Page 128 ---
125 
 
 
Short name of class of Individual Securities: 
Underlying 
Type: 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
14 
1Valour Ethereum Physical Staking - GBP 
Ethereum 
GBP 
US$[●] 
15 
1Valour Ethereum Physical - EUR 
Ethereum 
EUR 
US$[●] 
16 
1Valour Ethereum Physical Staking - EUR 
Ethereum 
EUR 
US$[●] 
17 
1Valour Ethereum Physical - SEK 
Ethereum 
SEK 
US$[●] 
18 
1Valour Ethereum Physical Staking - SEK 
Ethereum 
SEK 
US$[●] 
19 
1Valour Ethereum Physical - CHF 
Ethereum 
CHF 
US$[●] 
20 
1Valour Ethereum Physical Staking - CHF 
Ethereum 
CHF 
US$[●] 
21 
1Valour 0x Physical - USD 
0x 
USD 
US$[●] 
22 
1Valour 0x Physical Staking - USD 
0x 
USD 
US$[●] 
23 
1Valour 0x Physical - GBP 
0x 
GBP 
US$[●] 
24 
1Valour 0x Physical Staking - GBP 
0x 
GBP 
US$[●] 
25 
1Valour 0x Physical - EUR 
0x 
EUR 
US$[●] 
26 
1Valour 0x Physical Staking - EUR 
0x 
EUR 
US$[●] 
27 
1Valour 0x Physical - SEK 
0x 
SEK 
US$[●] 
28 
1Valour 0x Physical Staking - SEK 
0x 
SEK 
US$[●] 
29 
1Valour 0x Physical - CHF 
0x 
CHF 
US$[●] 
30 
1Valour 0x Physical Staking - CHF 
0x 
CHF 
US$[●] 
31 
1Valour 1inch Network Physical - USD 
1inch Network 
USD 
US$[●] 
32 
1Valour 1inch Network Physical Staking - USD 
1inch Network 
USD 
US$[●] 
33 
1Valour 1inch Network Physical - GBP 
1inch Network 
GBP 
US$[●] 
34 
1Valour 1inch Network Physical Staking - GBP 
1inch Network 
GBP 
US$[●] 
35 
1Valour 1inch Network Physical - EUR 
1inch Network 
EUR 
US$[●] 
36 
1Valour 1inch Network Physical Staking - EUR 
1inch Network 
EUR 
US$[●] 
37 
1Valour 1inch Network Physical - SEK 
1inch Network 
SEK 
US$[●] 
38 
1Valour 1inch Network Physical Staking - SEK 
1inch Network 
SEK 
US$[●] 
39 
1Valour 1inch Network Physical - CHF 
1inch Network 
CHF 
US$[●] 
40 
1Valour 1inch Network Physical Staking - CHF 
1inch Network 
CHF 
US$[●] 
41 
1Valour Aave Physical - USD 
Aave 
USD 
US$[●] 
42 
1Valour Aave Physical Staking - USD 
Aave 
USD 
US$[●] 
43 
1Valour Aave Physical - GBP 
Aave 
GBP 
US$[●] 
44 
1Valour Aave Physical Staking - GBP 
Aave 
GBP 
US$[●] 
45 
1Valour Aave Physical - EUR 
Aave 
EUR 
US$[●] 
46 
1Valour Aave Physical Staking - EUR 
Aave 
EUR 
US$[●] 
47 
1Valour Aave Physical - SEK 
Aave 
SEK 
US$[●] 
48 
1Valour Aave Physical Staking - SEK 
Aave 
SEK 
US$[●] 
49 
1Valour Aave Physical - CHF 
Aave 
CHF 
US$[●] 
50 
1Valour Aave Physical Staking - CHF 
Aave 
CHF 
US$[●] 
51 
1Valour Algorand Physical - USD 
Algorand 
USD 
US$[●] 
52 
1Valour Algorand Physical Staking - USD 
Algorand 
USD 
US$[●] 
53 
1Valour Algorand Physical - GBP 
Algorand 
GBP 
US$[●] 
54 
1Valour Algorand Physical Staking - GBP 
Algorand 
GBP 
US$[●] 
55 
1Valour Algorand Physical - EUR 
Algorand 
EUR 
US$[●] 
56 
1Valour Algorand Physical Staking - EUR 
Algorand 
EUR 
US$[●] 
57 
1Valour Algorand Physical - SEK 
Algorand 
SEK 
US$[●] 
58 
1Valour Algorand Physical Staking - SEK 
Algorand 
SEK 
US$[●] 
59 
1Valour Algorand Physical - CHF 
Algorand 
CHF 
US$[●] 
60 
1Valour Algorand Physical Staking - CHF 
Algorand 
CHF 
US$[●] 
61 
1Valour Amp Physical - USD 
Amp 
USD 
US$[●] 
62 
1Valour Amp Physical Staking - USD 
Amp 
USD 
US$[●] 
63 
1Valour Amp Physical - GBP 
Amp 
GBP 
US$[●] 
64 
1Valour Amp Physical Staking - GBP 
Amp 
GBP 
US$[●] 
65 
1Valour Amp Physical - EUR 
Amp 
EUR 
US$[●] 
66 
1Valour Amp Physical Staking - EUR 
Amp 
EUR 
US$[●]

--- Page 129 ---
126 
 
 
Short name of class of Individual Securities: 
Underlying 
Type: 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
67 
1Valour Amp Physical - SEK 
Amp 
SEK 
US$[●] 
68 
1Valour Amp Physical Staking - SEK 
Amp 
SEK 
US$[●] 
69 
1Valour Amp Physical - CHF 
Amp 
CHF 
US$[●] 
70 
1Valour Amp Physical Staking - CHF 
Amp 
CHF 
US$[●] 
71 
1Valour Ankr Physical - USD 
Ankr 
USD 
US$[●] 
72 
1Valour Ankr Physical Staking - USD 
Ankr 
USD 
US$[●] 
73 
1Valour Ankr Physical - GBP 
Ankr 
GBP 
US$[●] 
74 
1Valour Ankr Physical Staking - GBP 
Ankr 
GBP 
US$[●] 
75 
1Valour Ankr Physical - EUR 
Ankr 
EUR 
US$[●] 
76 
1Valour Ankr Physical Staking - EUR 
Ankr 
EUR 
US$[●] 
77 
1Valour Ankr Physical - SEK 
Ankr 
SEK 
US$[●] 
78 
1Valour Ankr Physical Staking - SEK 
Ankr 
SEK 
US$[●] 
79 
1Valour Ankr Physical - CHF 
Ankr 
CHF 
US$[●] 
80 
1Valour Ankr Physical Staking - CHF 
Ankr 
CHF 
US$[●] 
81 
1Valour ApeCoin Physical - USD 
ApeCoin 
USD 
US$[●] 
82 
1Valour ApeCoin Physical Staking - USD 
ApeCoin 
USD 
US$[●] 
83 
1Valour ApeCoin Physical - GBP 
ApeCoin 
GBP 
US$[●] 
84 
1Valour ApeCoin Physical Staking - GBP 
ApeCoin 
GBP 
US$[●] 
85 
1Valour ApeCoin Physical - EUR 
ApeCoin 
EUR 
US$[●] 
86 
1Valour ApeCoin Physical Staking - EUR 
ApeCoin 
EUR 
US$[●] 
87 
1Valour ApeCoin Physical - SEK 
ApeCoin 
SEK 
US$[●] 
88 
1Valour ApeCoin Physical Staking - SEK 
ApeCoin 
SEK 
US$[●] 
89 
1Valour ApeCoin Physical - CHF 
ApeCoin 
CHF 
US$[●] 
90 
1Valour ApeCoin Physical Staking - CHF 
ApeCoin 
CHF 
US$[●] 
91 
1Valour Arweave Physical - USD 
Arweave 
USD 
US$[●] 
92 
1Valour Arweave Physical Staking - USD 
Arweave 
USD 
US$[●] 
93 
1Valour Arweave Physical - GBP 
Arweave 
GBP 
US$[●] 
94 
1Valour Arweave Physical Staking - GBP 
Arweave 
GBP 
US$[●] 
95 
1Valour Arweave Physical - EUR 
Arweave 
EUR 
US$[●] 
96 
1Valour Arweave Physical Staking - EUR 
Arweave 
EUR 
US$[●] 
97 
1Valour Arweave Physical - SEK 
Arweave 
SEK 
US$[●] 
98 
1Valour Arweave Physical Staking - SEK 
Arweave 
SEK 
US$[●] 
99 
1Valour Arweave Physical - CHF 
Arweave 
CHF 
US$[●] 
100 
1Valour Arweave Physical Staking - CHF 
Arweave 
CHF 
US$[●] 
101 
1Valour Audius Physical - USD 
Audius 
USD 
US$[●] 
102 
1Valour Audius Physical Staking - USD 
Audius 
USD 
US$[●] 
103 
1Valour Audius Physical - GBP 
Audius 
GBP 
US$[●] 
104 
1Valour Audius Physical Staking - GBP 
Audius 
GBP 
US$[●] 
105 
1Valour Audius Physical - EUR 
Audius 
EUR 
US$[●] 
106 
1Valour Audius Physical Staking - EUR 
Audius 
EUR 
US$[●] 
107 
1Valour Audius Physical - SEK 
Audius 
SEK 
US$[●] 
108 
1Valour Audius Physical Staking - SEK 
Audius 
SEK 
US$[●] 
109 
1Valour Audius Physical - CHF 
Audius 
CHF 
US$[●] 
110 
1Valour Audius Physical Staking - CHF 
Audius 
CHF 
US$[●] 
111 
1Valour Avalanche Physical - USD 
Avalanche 
USD 
US$[●] 
112 
1Valour Avalanche Physical Staking - USD 
Avalanche 
USD 
US$[●] 
113 
1Valour Avalanche Physical - GBP 
Avalanche 
GBP 
US$[●] 
114 
1Valour Avalanche Physical Staking - GBP 
Avalanche 
GBP 
US$[●] 
115 
1Valour Avalanche Physical - EUR 
Avalanche 
EUR 
US$[●] 
116 
1Valour Avalanche Physical Staking - EUR 
Avalanche 
EUR 
US$[●] 
117 
1Valour Avalanche Physical - SEK 
Avalanche 
SEK 
US$[●] 
118 
1Valour Avalanche Physical Staking - SEK 
Avalanche 
SEK 
US$[●] 
119 
1Valour Avalanche Physical - CHF 
Avalanche 
CHF 
US$[●]

--- Page 130 ---
127 
 
 
Short name of class of Individual Securities: 
Underlying 
Type: 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
120 
1Valour Avalanche Physical Staking - CHF 
Avalanche 
CHF 
US$[●] 
121 
1Valour Axie Infinity Physical - USD 
Axie Infinity 
USD 
US$[●] 
122 
1Valour Axie Infinity Physical Staking - USD 
Axie Infinity 
USD 
US$[●] 
123 
1Valour Axie Infinity Physical - GBP 
Axie Infinity 
GBP 
US$[●] 
124 
1Valour Axie Infinity Physical Staking - GBP 
Axie Infinity 
GBP 
US$[●] 
125 
1Valour Axie Infinity Physical - EUR 
Axie Infinity 
EUR 
US$[●] 
126 
1Valour Axie Infinity Physical Staking - EUR 
Axie Infinity 
EUR 
US$[●] 
127 
1Valour Axie Infinity Physical - SEK 
Axie Infinity 
SEK 
US$[●] 
128 
1Valour Axie Infinity Physical Staking - SEK 
Axie Infinity 
SEK 
US$[●] 
129 
1Valour Axie Infinity Physical - CHF 
Axie Infinity 
CHF 
US$[●] 
130 
1Valour Axie Infinity Physical Staking - CHF 
Axie Infinity 
CHF 
US$[●] 
131 
1Valour Balancer Physical - USD 
Balancer 
USD 
US$[●] 
132 
1Valour Balancer Physical Staking - USD 
Balancer 
USD 
US$[●] 
133 
1Valour Balancer Physical - GBP 
Balancer 
GBP 
US$[●] 
134 
1Valour Balancer Physical Staking - GBP 
Balancer 
GBP 
US$[●] 
135 
1Valour Balancer Physical - EUR 
Balancer 
EUR 
US$[●] 
136 
1Valour Balancer Physical Staking - EUR 
Balancer 
EUR 
US$[●] 
137 
1Valour Balancer Physical - SEK 
Balancer 
SEK 
US$[●] 
138 
1Valour Balancer Physical Staking - SEK 
Balancer 
SEK 
US$[●] 
139 
1Valour Balancer Physical - CHF 
Balancer 
CHF 
US$[●] 
140 
1Valour Balancer Physical Staking - CHF 
Balancer 
CHF 
US$[●] 
141 
1Valour Basic Attention Token Physical - USD 
Basic Attention 
Token 
USD 
US$[●] 
142 
1Valour Basic Attention Token Physical Staking - 
USD 
Basic Attention 
Token 
USD 
US$[●] 
143 
1Valour Basic Attention Token Physical - GBP 
Basic Attention 
Token 
GBP 
US$[●] 
144 
1Valour Basic Attention Token Physical Staking - 
GBP 
Basic Attention 
Token 
GBP 
US$[●] 
145 
1Valour Basic Attention Token Physical - EUR 
Basic Attention 
Token 
EUR 
US$[●] 
146 
1Valour Basic Attention Token Physical Staking - 
EUR 
Basic Attention 
Token 
EUR 
US$[●] 
147 
1Valour Basic Attention Token Physical - SEK 
Basic Attention 
Token 
SEK 
US$[●] 
148 
1Valour Basic Attention Token Physical Staking - 
SEK 
Basic Attention 
Token 
SEK 
US$[●] 
149 
1Valour Basic Attention Token Physical - CHF 
Basic Attention 
Token 
CHF 
US$[●] 
150 
1Valour Basic Attention Token Physical Staking - 
CHF 
Basic Attention 
Token 
CHF 
US$[●] 
151 
1Valour Binance USD Physical - USD 
Binance USD 
USD 
US$[●] 
152 
1Valour Binance USD Physical Staking - USD 
Binance USD 
USD 
US$[●] 
153 
1Valour Binance USD Physical - GBP 
Binance USD 
GBP 
US$[●] 
154 
1Valour Binance USD Physical Staking - GBP 
Binance USD 
GBP 
US$[●] 
155 
1Valour Binance USD Physical - EUR 
Binance USD 
EUR 
US$[●] 
156 
1Valour Binance USD Physical Staking - EUR 
Binance USD 
EUR 
US$[●] 
157 
1Valour Binance USD Physical - SEK 
Binance USD 
SEK 
US$[●] 
158 
1Valour Binance USD Physical Staking - SEK 
Binance USD 
SEK 
US$[●] 
159 
1Valour Binance USD Physical - CHF 
Binance USD 
CHF 
US$[●] 
160 
1Valour Binance USD Physical Staking - CHF 
Binance USD 
CHF 
US$[●] 
161 
1Valour Bitcoin Cash Physical - USD 
Bitcoin Cash 
USD 
US$[●] 
162 
1Valour Bitcoin Cash Physical Staking - USD 
Bitcoin Cash 
USD 
US$[●] 
163 
1Valour Bitcoin Cash Physical - GBP 
Bitcoin Cash 
GBP 
US$[●]

--- Page 131 ---
128 
 
 
Short name of class of Individual Securities: 
Underlying 
Type: 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
164 
1Valour Bitcoin Cash Physical Staking - GBP 
Bitcoin Cash 
GBP 
US$[●] 
165 
1Valour Bitcoin Cash Physical - EUR 
Bitcoin Cash 
EUR 
US$[●] 
166 
1Valour Bitcoin Cash Physical Staking - EUR 
Bitcoin Cash 
EUR 
US$[●] 
167 
1Valour Bitcoin Cash Physical - SEK 
Bitcoin Cash 
SEK 
US$[●] 
168 
1Valour Bitcoin Cash Physical Staking - SEK 
Bitcoin Cash 
SEK 
US$[●] 
169 
1Valour Bitcoin Cash Physical - CHF 
Bitcoin Cash 
CHF 
US$[●] 
170 
1Valour Bitcoin Cash Physical Staking - CHF 
Bitcoin Cash 
CHF 
US$[●] 
171 
1Valour Bitcoin Gold Physical - USD 
Bitcoin Gold 
USD 
US$[●] 
172 
1Valour Bitcoin Gold Physical Staking - USD 
Bitcoin Gold 
USD 
US$[●] 
173 
1Valour Bitcoin Gold Physical - GBP 
Bitcoin Gold 
GBP 
US$[●] 
174 
1Valour Bitcoin Gold Physical Staking - GBP 
Bitcoin Gold 
GBP 
US$[●] 
175 
1Valour Bitcoin Gold Physical - EUR 
Bitcoin Gold 
EUR 
US$[●] 
176 
1Valour Bitcoin Gold Physical Staking - EUR 
Bitcoin Gold 
EUR 
US$[●] 
177 
1Valour Bitcoin Gold Physical - SEK 
Bitcoin Gold 
SEK 
US$[●] 
178 
1Valour Bitcoin Gold Physical Staking - SEK 
Bitcoin Gold 
SEK 
US$[●] 
179 
1Valour Bitcoin Gold Physical - CHF 
Bitcoin Gold 
CHF 
US$[●] 
180 
1Valour Bitcoin Gold Physical Staking - CHF 
Bitcoin Gold 
CHF 
US$[●] 
181 
1Valour Bitcoin Standard Hashrate Token 
Physical - USD 
Bitcoin Standard 
Hashrate Token 
USD 
US$[●] 
182 
1Valour Bitcoin Standard Hashrate Token 
Physical Staking - USD 
Bitcoin Standard 
Hashrate Token 
USD 
US$[●] 
183 
1Valour Bitcoin Standard Hashrate Token 
Physical - GBP 
Bitcoin Standard 
Hashrate Token 
GBP 
US$[●] 
184 
1Valour Bitcoin Standard Hashrate Token 
Physical Staking - GBP 
Bitcoin Standard 
Hashrate Token 
GBP 
US$[●] 
185 
1Valour Bitcoin Standard Hashrate Token 
Physical - EUR 
Bitcoin Standard 
Hashrate Token 
EUR 
US$[●] 
186 
1Valour Bitcoin Standard Hashrate Token 
Physical Staking - EUR 
Bitcoin Standard 
Hashrate Token 
EUR 
US$[●] 
187 
1Valour Bitcoin Standard Hashrate Token 
Physical - SEK 
Bitcoin Standard 
Hashrate Token 
SEK 
US$[●] 
188 
1Valour Bitcoin Standard Hashrate Token 
Physical Staking - SEK 
Bitcoin Standard 
Hashrate Token 
SEK 
US$[●] 
189 
1Valour Bitcoin Standard Hashrate Token 
Physical - CHF 
Bitcoin Standard 
Hashrate Token 
CHF 
US$[●] 
190 
1Valour Bitcoin Standard Hashrate Token 
Physical Staking - CHF 
Bitcoin Standard 
Hashrate Token 
CHF 
US$[●] 
191 
1Valour Bitcoin SV Physical - USD 
Bitcoin SV 
USD 
US$[●] 
192 
1Valour Bitcoin SV Physical Staking - USD 
Bitcoin SV 
USD 
US$[●] 
193 
1Valour Bitcoin SV Physical - GBP 
Bitcoin SV 
GBP 
US$[●] 
194 
1Valour Bitcoin SV Physical Staking - GBP 
Bitcoin SV 
GBP 
US$[●] 
195 
1Valour Bitcoin SV Physical - EUR 
Bitcoin SV 
EUR 
US$[●] 
196 
1Valour Bitcoin SV Physical Staking - EUR 
Bitcoin SV 
EUR 
US$[●] 
197 
1Valour Bitcoin SV Physical - SEK 
Bitcoin SV 
SEK 
US$[●] 
198 
1Valour Bitcoin SV Physical Staking - SEK 
Bitcoin SV 
SEK 
US$[●] 
199 
1Valour Bitcoin SV Physical - CHF 
Bitcoin SV 
CHF 
US$[●] 
200 
1Valour Bitcoin SV Physical Staking - CHF 
Bitcoin SV 
CHF 
US$[●] 
201 
1Valour Blur Physical - USD 
Blur 
USD 
US$[●] 
202 
1Valour Blur Physical Staking - USD 
Blur 
USD 
US$[●] 
203 
1Valour Blur Physical - GBP 
Blur 
GBP 
US$[●] 
204 
1Valour Blur Physical Staking - GBP 
Blur 
GBP 
US$[●] 
205 
1Valour Blur Physical - EUR 
Blur 
EUR 
US$[●] 
206 
1Valour Blur Physical Staking - EUR 
Blur 
EUR 
US$[●] 
207 
1Valour Blur Physical - SEK 
Blur 
SEK 
US$[●]

--- Page 132 ---
129 
 
 
Short name of class of Individual Securities: 
Underlying 
Type: 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
208 
1Valour Blur Physical Staking - SEK 
Blur 
SEK 
US$[●] 
209 
1Valour Blur Physical - CHF 
Blur 
CHF 
US$[●] 
210 
1Valour Blur Physical Staking - CHF 
Blur 
CHF 
US$[●] 
211 
1Valour BNB Physical - USD 
BNB 
USD 
US$[●] 
212 
1Valour BNB Physical Staking - USD 
BNB 
USD 
US$[●] 
213 
1Valour BNB Physical - GBP 
BNB 
GBP 
US$[●] 
214 
1Valour BNB Physical Staking - GBP 
BNB 
GBP 
US$[●] 
215 
1Valour BNB Physical - EUR 
BNB 
EUR 
US$[●] 
216 
1Valour BNB Physical Staking - EUR 
BNB 
EUR 
US$[●] 
217 
1Valour BNB Physical - SEK 
BNB 
SEK 
US$[●] 
218 
1Valour BNB Physical Staking - SEK 
BNB 
SEK 
US$[●] 
219 
1Valour BNB Physical - CHF 
BNB 
CHF 
US$[●] 
220 
1Valour BNB Physical Staking - CHF 
BNB 
CHF 
US$[●] 
221 
1Valour BORA Physical - USD 
BORA 
USD 
US$[●] 
222 
1Valour BORA Physical Staking - USD 
BORA 
USD 
US$[●] 
223 
1Valour BORA Physical - GBP 
BORA 
GBP 
US$[●] 
224 
1Valour BORA Physical Staking - GBP 
BORA 
GBP 
US$[●] 
225 
1Valour BORA Physical - EUR 
BORA 
EUR 
US$[●] 
226 
1Valour BORA Physical Staking - EUR 
BORA 
EUR 
US$[●] 
227 
1Valour BORA Physical - SEK 
BORA 
SEK 
US$[●] 
228 
1Valour BORA Physical Staking - SEK 
BORA 
SEK 
US$[●] 
229 
1Valour BORA Physical - CHF 
BORA 
CHF 
US$[●] 
230 
1Valour BORA Physical Staking - CHF 
BORA 
CHF 
US$[●] 
231 
1Valour Cardano Physical - USD 
Cardano 
USD 
US$[●] 
232 
1Valour Cardano Physical Staking - USD 
Cardano 
USD 
US$[●] 
233 
1Valour Cardano Physical - GBP 
Cardano 
GBP 
US$[●] 
234 
1Valour Cardano Physical Staking - GBP 
Cardano 
GBP 
US$[●] 
235 
1Valour Cardano Physical - EUR 
Cardano 
EUR 
US$[●] 
236 
1Valour Cardano Physical Staking - EUR 
Cardano 
EUR 
US$[●] 
237 
1Valour Cardano Physical - SEK 
Cardano 
SEK 
US$[●] 
238 
1Valour Cardano Physical Staking - SEK 
Cardano 
SEK 
US$[●] 
239 
1Valour Cardano Physical - CHF 
Cardano 
CHF 
US$[●] 
240 
1Valour Cardano Physical Staking - CHF 
Cardano 
CHF 
US$[●] 
241 
1Valour Casper Physical - USD 
Casper 
USD 
US$[●] 
242 
1Valour Casper Physical Staking - USD 
Casper 
USD 
US$[●] 
243 
1Valour Casper Physical - GBP 
Casper 
GBP 
US$[●] 
244 
1Valour Casper Physical Staking - GBP 
Casper 
GBP 
US$[●] 
245 
1Valour Casper Physical - EUR 
Casper 
EUR 
US$[●] 
246 
1Valour Casper Physical Staking - EUR 
Casper 
EUR 
US$[●] 
247 
1Valour Casper Physical - SEK 
Casper 
SEK 
US$[●] 
248 
1Valour Casper Physical Staking - SEK 
Casper 
SEK 
US$[●] 
249 
1Valour Casper Physical - CHF 
Casper 
CHF 
US$[●] 
250 
1Valour Casper Physical Staking - CHF 
Casper 
CHF 
US$[●] 
251 
1Valour Celo Physical - USD 
Celo 
USD 
US$[●] 
252 
1Valour Celo Physical Staking - USD 
Celo 
USD 
US$[●] 
253 
1Valour Celo Physical - GBP 
Celo 
GBP 
US$[●] 
254 
1Valour Celo Physical Staking - GBP 
Celo 
GBP 
US$[●] 
255 
1Valour Celo Physical - EUR 
Celo 
EUR 
US$[●] 
256 
1Valour Celo Physical Staking - EUR 
Celo 
EUR 
US$[●] 
257 
1Valour Celo Physical - SEK 
Celo 
SEK 
US$[●] 
258 
1Valour Celo Physical Staking - SEK 
Celo 
SEK 
US$[●] 
259 
1Valour Celo Physical - CHF 
Celo 
CHF 
US$[●] 
260 
1Valour Celo Physical Staking - CHF 
Celo 
CHF 
US$[●]

--- Page 133 ---
130 
 
 
Short name of class of Individual Securities: 
Underlying 
Type: 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
261 
1Valour Celsius Physical - USD 
Celsius 
USD 
US$[●] 
262 
1Valour Celsius Physical Staking - USD 
Celsius 
USD 
US$[●] 
263 
1Valour Celsius Physical - GBP 
Celsius 
GBP 
US$[●] 
264 
1Valour Celsius Physical Staking - GBP 
Celsius 
GBP 
US$[●] 
265 
1Valour Celsius Physical - EUR 
Celsius 
EUR 
US$[●] 
266 
1Valour Celsius Physical Staking - EUR 
Celsius 
EUR 
US$[●] 
267 
1Valour Celsius Physical - SEK 
Celsius 
SEK 
US$[●] 
268 
1Valour Celsius Physical Staking - SEK 
Celsius 
SEK 
US$[●] 
269 
1Valour Celsius Physical - CHF 
Celsius 
CHF 
US$[●] 
270 
1Valour Celsius Physical Staking - CHF 
Celsius 
CHF 
US$[●] 
271 
1Valour Chainlink Physical - USD 
Chainlink 
USD 
US$[●] 
272 
1Valour Chainlink Physical Staking - USD 
Chainlink 
USD 
US$[●] 
273 
1Valour Chainlink Physical - GBP 
Chainlink 
GBP 
US$[●] 
274 
1Valour Chainlink Physical Staking - GBP 
Chainlink 
GBP 
US$[●] 
275 
1Valour Chainlink Physical - EUR 
Chainlink 
EUR 
US$[●] 
276 
1Valour Chainlink Physical Staking - EUR 
Chainlink 
EUR 
US$[●] 
277 
1Valour Chainlink Physical - SEK 
Chainlink 
SEK 
US$[●] 
278 
1Valour Chainlink Physical Staking - SEK 
Chainlink 
SEK 
US$[●] 
279 
1Valour Chainlink Physical - CHF 
Chainlink 
CHF 
US$[●] 
280 
1Valour Chainlink Physical Staking - CHF 
Chainlink 
CHF 
US$[●] 
281 
1Valour Chia Physical - USD 
Chia 
USD 
US$[●] 
282 
1Valour Chia Physical Staking - USD 
Chia 
USD 
US$[●] 
283 
1Valour Chia Physical - GBP 
Chia 
GBP 
US$[●] 
284 
1Valour Chia Physical Staking - GBP 
Chia 
GBP 
US$[●] 
285 
1Valour Chia Physical - EUR 
Chia 
EUR 
US$[●] 
286 
1Valour Chia Physical Staking - EUR 
Chia 
EUR 
US$[●] 
287 
1Valour Chia Physical - SEK 
Chia 
SEK 
US$[●] 
288 
1Valour Chia Physical Staking - SEK 
Chia 
SEK 
US$[●] 
289 
1Valour Chia Physical - CHF 
Chia 
CHF 
US$[●] 
290 
1Valour Chia Physical Staking - CHF 
Chia 
CHF 
US$[●] 
291 
1Valour Chiliz Physical - USD 
Chiliz 
USD 
US$[●] 
292 
1Valour Chiliz Physical Staking - USD 
Chiliz 
USD 
US$[●] 
293 
1Valour Chiliz Physical - GBP 
Chiliz 
GBP 
US$[●] 
294 
1Valour Chiliz Physical Staking - GBP 
Chiliz 
GBP 
US$[●] 
295 
1Valour Chiliz Physical - EUR 
Chiliz 
EUR 
US$[●] 
296 
1Valour Chiliz Physical Staking - EUR 
Chiliz 
EUR 
US$[●] 
297 
1Valour Chiliz Physical - SEK 
Chiliz 
SEK 
US$[●] 
298 
1Valour Chiliz Physical Staking - SEK 
Chiliz 
SEK 
US$[●] 
299 
1Valour Chiliz Physical - CHF 
Chiliz 
CHF 
US$[●] 
300 
1Valour Chiliz Physical Staking - CHF 
Chiliz 
CHF 
US$[●] 
301 
1Valour Compound Physical - USD 
Compound 
USD 
US$[●] 
302 
1Valour Compound Physical Staking - USD 
Compound 
USD 
US$[●] 
303 
1Valour Compound Physical - GBP 
Compound 
GBP 
US$[●] 
304 
1Valour Compound Physical Staking - GBP 
Compound 
GBP 
US$[●] 
305 
1Valour Compound Physical - EUR 
Compound 
EUR 
US$[●] 
306 
1Valour Compound Physical Staking - EUR 
Compound 
EUR 
US$[●] 
307 
1Valour Compound Physical - SEK 
Compound 
SEK 
US$[●] 
308 
1Valour Compound Physical Staking - SEK 
Compound 
SEK 
US$[●] 
309 
1Valour Compound Physical - CHF 
Compound 
CHF 
US$[●] 
310 
1Valour Compound Physical Staking - CHF 
Compound 
CHF 
US$[●] 
311 
1Valour Conflux Physical - USD 
Conflux 
USD 
US$[●] 
312 
1Valour Conflux Physical Staking - USD 
Conflux 
USD 
US$[●] 
313 
1Valour Conflux Physical - GBP 
Conflux 
GBP 
US$[●]

--- Page 134 ---
131 
 
 
Short name of class of Individual Securities: 
Underlying 
Type: 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
314 
1Valour Conflux Physical Staking - GBP 
Conflux 
GBP 
US$[●] 
315 
1Valour Conflux Physical - EUR 
Conflux 
EUR 
US$[●] 
316 
1Valour Conflux Physical Staking - EUR 
Conflux 
EUR 
US$[●] 
317 
1Valour Conflux Physical - SEK 
Conflux 
SEK 
US$[●] 
318 
1Valour Conflux Physical Staking - SEK 
Conflux 
SEK 
US$[●] 
319 
1Valour Conflux Physical - CHF 
Conflux 
CHF 
US$[●] 
320 
1Valour Conflux Physical Staking - CHF 
Conflux 
CHF 
US$[●] 
321 
1Valour Convex Finance Physical - USD 
Convex Finance 
USD 
US$[●] 
322 
1Valour Convex Finance Physical Staking - USD 
Convex Finance 
USD 
US$[●] 
323 
1Valour Convex Finance Physical - GBP 
Convex Finance 
GBP 
US$[●] 
324 
1Valour Convex Finance Physical Staking - GBP 
Convex Finance 
GBP 
US$[●] 
325 
1Valour Convex Finance Physical - EUR 
Convex Finance 
EUR 
US$[●] 
326 
1Valour Convex Finance Physical Staking - EUR 
Convex Finance 
EUR 
US$[●] 
327 
1Valour Convex Finance Physical - SEK 
Convex Finance 
SEK 
US$[●] 
328 
1Valour Convex Finance Physical Staking - SEK 
Convex Finance 
SEK 
US$[●] 
329 
1Valour Convex Finance Physical - CHF 
Convex Finance 
CHF 
US$[●] 
330 
1Valour Convex Finance Physical Staking - CHF 
Convex Finance 
CHF 
US$[●] 
331 
1Valour Cosmos Physical - USD 
Cosmos 
USD 
US$[●] 
332 
1Valour Cosmos Physical Staking - USD 
Cosmos 
USD 
US$[●] 
333 
1Valour Cosmos Physical - GBP 
Cosmos 
GBP 
US$[●] 
334 
1Valour Cosmos Physical Staking - GBP 
Cosmos 
GBP 
US$[●] 
335 
1Valour Cosmos Physical - EUR 
Cosmos 
EUR 
US$[●] 
336 
1Valour Cosmos Physical Staking - EUR 
Cosmos 
EUR 
US$[●] 
337 
1Valour Cosmos Physical - SEK 
Cosmos 
SEK 
US$[●] 
338 
1Valour Cosmos Physical Staking - SEK 
Cosmos 
SEK 
US$[●] 
339 
1Valour Cosmos Physical - CHF 
Cosmos 
CHF 
US$[●] 
340 
1Valour Cosmos Physical Staking - CHF 
Cosmos 
CHF 
US$[●] 
341 
1Valour Cronos Physical - USD 
Cronos 
USD 
US$[●] 
342 
1Valour Cronos Physical Staking - USD 
Cronos 
USD 
US$[●] 
343 
1Valour Cronos Physical - GBP 
Cronos 
GBP 
US$[●] 
344 
1Valour Cronos Physical Staking - GBP 
Cronos 
GBP 
US$[●] 
345 
1Valour Cronos Physical - EUR 
Cronos 
EUR 
US$[●] 
346 
1Valour Cronos Physical Staking - EUR 
Cronos 
EUR 
US$[●] 
347 
1Valour Cronos Physical - SEK 
Cronos 
SEK 
US$[●] 
348 
1Valour Cronos Physical Staking - SEK 
Cronos 
SEK 
US$[●] 
349 
1Valour Cronos Physical - CHF 
Cronos 
CHF 
US$[●] 
350 
1Valour Cronos Physical Staking - CHF 
Cronos 
CHF 
US$[●] 
351 
1Valour Curve DAO Token Physical - USD 
Curve DAO 
Token 
USD 
US$[●] 
352 
1Valour Curve DAO Token Physical Staking - 
USD 
Curve DAO 
Token 
USD 
US$[●] 
353 
1Valour Curve DAO Token Physical - GBP 
Curve DAO 
Token 
GBP 
US$[●] 
354 
1Valour Curve DAO Token Physical Staking - 
GBP 
Curve DAO 
Token 
GBP 
US$[●] 
355 
1Valour Curve DAO Token Physical - EUR 
Curve DAO 
Token 
EUR 
US$[●] 
356 
1Valour Curve DAO Token Physical Staking - 
EUR 
Curve DAO 
Token 
EUR 
US$[●] 
357 
1Valour Curve DAO Token Physical - SEK 
Curve DAO 
Token 
SEK 
US$[●] 
358 
1Valour Curve DAO Token Physical Staking - 
SEK 
Curve DAO 
Token 
SEK 
US$[●]

--- Page 135 ---
132 
 
 
Short name of class of Individual Securities: 
Underlying 
Type: 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
359 
1Valour Curve DAO Token Physical - CHF 
Curve DAO 
Token 
CHF 
US$[●] 
360 
1Valour Curve DAO Token Physical Staking - 
CHF 
Curve DAO 
Token 
CHF 
US$[●] 
361 
1Valour Decentraland Physical - USD 
Decentraland 
USD 
US$[●] 
362 
1Valour Decentraland Physical Staking - USD 
Decentraland 
USD 
US$[●] 
363 
1Valour Decentraland Physical - GBP 
Decentraland 
GBP 
US$[●] 
364 
1Valour Decentraland Physical Staking - GBP 
Decentraland 
GBP 
US$[●] 
365 
1Valour Decentraland Physical - EUR 
Decentraland 
EUR 
US$[●] 
366 
1Valour Decentraland Physical Staking - EUR 
Decentraland 
EUR 
US$[●] 
367 
1Valour Decentraland Physical - SEK 
Decentraland 
SEK 
US$[●] 
368 
1Valour Decentraland Physical Staking - SEK 
Decentraland 
SEK 
US$[●] 
369 
1Valour Decentraland Physical - CHF 
Decentraland 
CHF 
US$[●] 
370 
1Valour Decentraland Physical Staking - CHF 
Decentraland 
CHF 
US$[●] 
371 
1Valour Dogecoin Physical - USD 
Dogecoin 
USD 
US$[●] 
372 
1Valour Dogecoin Physical Staking - USD 
Dogecoin 
USD 
US$[●] 
373 
1Valour Dogecoin Physical - GBP 
Dogecoin 
GBP 
US$[●] 
374 
1Valour Dogecoin Physical Staking - GBP 
Dogecoin 
GBP 
US$[●] 
375 
1Valour Dogecoin Physical - EUR 
Dogecoin 
EUR 
US$[●] 
376 
1Valour Dogecoin Physical Staking - EUR 
Dogecoin 
EUR 
US$[●] 
377 
1Valour Dogecoin Physical - SEK 
Dogecoin 
SEK 
US$[●] 
378 
1Valour Dogecoin Physical Staking - SEK 
Dogecoin 
SEK 
US$[●] 
379 
1Valour Dogecoin Physical - CHF 
Dogecoin 
CHF 
US$[●] 
380 
1Valour Dogecoin Physical Staking - CHF 
Dogecoin 
CHF 
US$[●] 
381 
1Valour Enjin Coin Physical - USD 
Enjin Coin 
USD 
US$[●] 
382 
1Valour Enjin Coin Physical Staking - USD 
Enjin Coin 
USD 
US$[●] 
383 
1Valour Enjin Coin Physical - GBP 
Enjin Coin 
GBP 
US$[●] 
384 
1Valour Enjin Coin Physical Staking - GBP 
Enjin Coin 
GBP 
US$[●] 
385 
1Valour Enjin Coin Physical - EUR 
Enjin Coin 
EUR 
US$[●] 
386 
1Valour Enjin Coin Physical Staking - EUR 
Enjin Coin 
EUR 
US$[●] 
387 
1Valour Enjin Coin Physical - SEK 
Enjin Coin 
SEK 
US$[●] 
388 
1Valour Enjin Coin Physical Staking - SEK 
Enjin Coin 
SEK 
US$[●] 
389 
1Valour Enjin Coin Physical - CHF 
Enjin Coin 
CHF 
US$[●] 
390 
1Valour Enjin Coin Physical Staking - CHF 
Enjin Coin 
CHF 
US$[●] 
391 
1Valour EOS Physical - USD 
EOS 
USD 
US$[●] 
392 
1Valour EOS Physical Staking - USD 
EOS 
USD 
US$[●] 
393 
1Valour EOS Physical - GBP 
EOS 
GBP 
US$[●] 
394 
1Valour EOS Physical Staking - GBP 
EOS 
GBP 
US$[●] 
395 
1Valour EOS Physical - EUR 
EOS 
EUR 
US$[●] 
396 
1Valour EOS Physical Staking - EUR 
EOS 
EUR 
US$[●] 
397 
1Valour EOS Physical - SEK 
EOS 
SEK 
US$[●] 
398 
1Valour EOS Physical Staking - SEK 
EOS 
SEK 
US$[●] 
399 
1Valour EOS Physical - CHF 
EOS 
CHF 
US$[●] 
400 
1Valour EOS Physical Staking - CHF 
EOS 
CHF 
US$[●] 
401 
1Valour Ethereum Classic Physical - USD 
Ethereum Classic 
USD 
US$[●] 
402 
1Valour Ethereum Classic Physical Staking - 
USD 
Ethereum Classic 
USD 
US$[●] 
403 
1Valour Ethereum Classic Physical - GBP 
Ethereum Classic 
GBP 
US$[●] 
404 
1Valour Ethereum Classic Physical Staking - GBP 
Ethereum Classic 
GBP 
US$[●] 
405 
1Valour Ethereum Classic Physical - EUR 
Ethereum Classic 
EUR 
US$[●] 
406 
1Valour Ethereum Classic Physical Staking - 
EUR 
Ethereum Classic 
EUR 
US$[●] 
407 
1Valour Ethereum Classic Physical - SEK 
Ethereum Classic 
SEK 
US$[●] 
408 
1Valour Ethereum Classic Physical Staking - SEK 
Ethereum Classic 
SEK 
US$[●]

--- Page 136 ---
133 
 
 
Short name of class of Individual Securities: 
Underlying 
Type: 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
409 
1Valour Ethereum Classic Physical - CHF 
Ethereum Classic 
CHF 
US$[●] 
410 
1Valour Ethereum Classic Physical Staking - CHF 
Ethereum Classic 
CHF 
US$[●] 
411 
1Valour Ethereum Name Service Physical - USD 
Ethereum Name 
Service 
USD 
US$[●] 
412 
1Valour Ethereum Name Service Physical Staking 
- USD 
Ethereum Name 
Service 
USD 
US$[●] 
413 
1Valour Ethereum Name Service Physical - GBP 
Ethereum Name 
Service 
GBP 
US$[●] 
414 
1Valour Ethereum Name Service Physical Staking 
- GBP 
Ethereum Name 
Service 
GBP 
US$[●] 
415 
1Valour Ethereum Name Service Physical - EUR 
Ethereum Name 
Service 
EUR 
US$[●] 
416 
1Valour Ethereum Name Service Physical Staking 
- EUR 
Ethereum Name 
Service 
EUR 
US$[●] 
417 
1Valour Ethereum Name Service Physical - SEK 
Ethereum Name 
Service 
SEK 
US$[●] 
418 
1Valour Ethereum Name Service Physical Staking 
- SEK 
Ethereum Name 
Service 
SEK 
US$[●] 
419 
1Valour Ethereum Name Service Physical - CHF 
Ethereum Name 
Service 
CHF 
US$[●] 
420 
1Valour Ethereum Name Service Physical Staking 
- CHF 
Ethereum Name 
Service 
CHF 
US$[●] 
421 
1Valour Fantom Physical - USD 
Fantom 
USD 
US$[●] 
422 
1Valour Fantom Physical Staking - USD 
Fantom 
USD 
US$[●] 
423 
1Valour Fantom Physical - GBP 
Fantom 
GBP 
US$[●] 
424 
1Valour Fantom Physical Staking - GBP 
Fantom 
GBP 
US$[●] 
425 
1Valour Fantom Physical - EUR 
Fantom 
EUR 
US$[●] 
426 
1Valour Fantom Physical Staking - EUR 
Fantom 
EUR 
US$[●] 
427 
1Valour Fantom Physical - SEK 
Fantom 
SEK 
US$[●] 
428 
1Valour Fantom Physical Staking - SEK 
Fantom 
SEK 
US$[●] 
429 
1Valour Fantom Physical - CHF 
Fantom 
CHF 
US$[●] 
430 
1Valour Fantom Physical Staking - CHF 
Fantom 
CHF 
US$[●] 
431 
1Valour Fetch.AI Physical - USD 
Fetch.AI 
USD 
US$[●] 
432 
1Valour Fetch.AI Physical Staking - USD 
Fetch.AI 
USD 
US$[●] 
433 
1Valour Fetch.AI Physical - GBP 
Fetch.AI 
GBP 
US$[●] 
434 
1Valour Fetch.AI Physical Staking - GBP 
Fetch.AI 
GBP 
US$[●] 
435 
1Valour Fetch.AI Physical - EUR 
Fetch.AI 
EUR 
US$[●] 
436 
1Valour Fetch.AI Physical Staking - EUR 
Fetch.AI 
EUR 
US$[●] 
437 
1Valour Fetch.AI Physical - SEK 
Fetch.AI 
SEK 
US$[●] 
438 
1Valour Fetch.AI Physical Staking - SEK 
Fetch.AI 
SEK 
US$[●] 
439 
1Valour Fetch.AI Physical - CHF 
Fetch.AI 
CHF 
US$[●] 
440 
1Valour Fetch.AI Physical Staking - CHF 
Fetch.AI 
CHF 
US$[●] 
441 
1Valour Filecoin Physical - USD 
Filecoin 
USD 
US$[●] 
442 
1Valour Filecoin Physical Staking - USD 
Filecoin 
USD 
US$[●] 
443 
1Valour Filecoin Physical - GBP 
Filecoin 
GBP 
US$[●] 
444 
1Valour Filecoin Physical Staking - GBP 
Filecoin 
GBP 
US$[●] 
445 
1Valour Filecoin Physical - EUR 
Filecoin 
EUR 
US$[●] 
446 
1Valour Filecoin Physical Staking - EUR 
Filecoin 
EUR 
US$[●] 
447 
1Valour Filecoin Physical - SEK 
Filecoin 
SEK 
US$[●] 
448 
1Valour Filecoin Physical Staking - SEK 
Filecoin 
SEK 
US$[●] 
449 
1Valour Filecoin Physical - CHF 
Filecoin 
CHF 
US$[●] 
450 
1Valour Filecoin Physical Staking - CHF 
Filecoin 
CHF 
US$[●] 
451 
1Valour Flare Physical - USD 
Flare 
USD 
US$[●] 
452 
1Valour Flare Physical Staking - USD 
Flare 
USD 
US$[●]

--- Page 137 ---
134 
 
 
Short name of class of Individual Securities: 
Underlying 
Type: 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
453 
1Valour Flare Physical - GBP 
Flare 
GBP 
US$[●] 
454 
1Valour Flare Physical Staking - GBP 
Flare 
GBP 
US$[●] 
455 
1Valour Flare Physical - EUR 
Flare 
EUR 
US$[●] 
456 
1Valour Flare Physical Staking - EUR 
Flare 
EUR 
US$[●] 
457 
1Valour Flare Physical - SEK 
Flare 
SEK 
US$[●] 
458 
1Valour Flare Physical Staking - SEK 
Flare 
SEK 
US$[●] 
459 
1Valour Flare Physical - CHF 
Flare 
CHF 
US$[●] 
460 
1Valour Flare Physical Staking - CHF 
Flare 
CHF 
US$[●] 
461 
1Valour Flow Physical - USD 
Flow 
USD 
US$[●] 
462 
1Valour Flow Physical Staking - USD 
Flow 
USD 
US$[●] 
463 
1Valour Flow Physical - GBP 
Flow 
GBP 
US$[●] 
464 
1Valour Flow Physical Staking - GBP 
Flow 
GBP 
US$[●] 
465 
1Valour Flow Physical - EUR 
Flow 
EUR 
US$[●] 
466 
1Valour Flow Physical Staking - EUR 
Flow 
EUR 
US$[●] 
467 
1Valour Flow Physical - SEK 
Flow 
SEK 
US$[●] 
468 
1Valour Flow Physical Staking - SEK 
Flow 
SEK 
US$[●] 
469 
1Valour Flow Physical - CHF 
Flow 
CHF 
US$[●] 
470 
1Valour Flow Physical Staking - CHF 
Flow 
CHF 
US$[●] 
471 
1Valour Gala Physical - USD 
Gala 
USD 
US$[●] 
472 
1Valour Gala Physical Staking - USD 
Gala 
USD 
US$[●] 
473 
1Valour Gala Physical - GBP 
Gala 
GBP 
US$[●] 
474 
1Valour Gala Physical Staking - GBP 
Gala 
GBP 
US$[●] 
475 
1Valour Gala Physical - EUR 
Gala 
EUR 
US$[●] 
476 
1Valour Gala Physical Staking - EUR 
Gala 
EUR 
US$[●] 
477 
1Valour Gala Physical - SEK 
Gala 
SEK 
US$[●] 
478 
1Valour Gala Physical Staking - SEK 
Gala 
SEK 
US$[●] 
479 
1Valour Gala Physical - CHF 
Gala 
CHF 
US$[●] 
480 
1Valour Gala Physical Staking - CHF 
Gala 
CHF 
US$[●] 
481 
1Valour GateToken Physical - USD 
GateToken 
USD 
US$[●] 
482 
1Valour GateToken Physical Staking - USD 
GateToken 
USD 
US$[●] 
483 
1Valour GateToken Physical - GBP 
GateToken 
GBP 
US$[●] 
484 
1Valour GateToken Physical Staking - GBP 
GateToken 
GBP 
US$[●] 
485 
1Valour GateToken Physical - EUR 
GateToken 
EUR 
US$[●] 
486 
1Valour GateToken Physical Staking - EUR 
GateToken 
EUR 
US$[●] 
487 
1Valour GateToken Physical - SEK 
GateToken 
SEK 
US$[●] 
488 
1Valour GateToken Physical Staking - SEK 
GateToken 
SEK 
US$[●] 
489 
1Valour GateToken Physical - CHF 
GateToken 
CHF 
US$[●] 
490 
1Valour GateToken Physical Staking - CHF 
GateToken 
CHF 
US$[●] 
491 
1Valour GMX Physical - USD 
GMX 
USD 
US$[●] 
492 
1Valour GMX Physical Staking - USD 
GMX 
USD 
US$[●] 
493 
1Valour GMX Physical - GBP 
GMX 
GBP 
US$[●] 
494 
1Valour GMX Physical Staking - GBP 
GMX 
GBP 
US$[●] 
495 
1Valour GMX Physical - EUR 
GMX 
EUR 
US$[●] 
496 
1Valour GMX Physical Staking - EUR 
GMX 
EUR 
US$[●] 
497 
1Valour GMX Physical - SEK 
GMX 
SEK 
US$[●] 
498 
1Valour GMX Physical Staking - SEK 
GMX 
SEK 
US$[●] 
499 
1Valour GMX Physical - CHF 
GMX 
CHF 
US$[●] 
500 
1Valour GMX Physical Staking - CHF 
GMX 
CHF 
US$[●] 
501 
1Valour Gnosis Physical - USD 
Gnosis 
USD 
US$[●] 
502 
1Valour Gnosis Physical Staking - USD 
Gnosis 
USD 
US$[●] 
503 
1Valour Gnosis Physical - GBP 
Gnosis 
GBP 
US$[●] 
504 
1Valour Gnosis Physical Staking - GBP 
Gnosis 
GBP 
US$[●] 
505 
1Valour Gnosis Physical - EUR 
Gnosis 
EUR 
US$[●]

--- Page 138 ---
135 
 
 
Short name of class of Individual Securities: 
Underlying 
Type: 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
506 
1Valour Gnosis Physical Staking - EUR 
Gnosis 
EUR 
US$[●] 
507 
1Valour Gnosis Physical - SEK 
Gnosis 
SEK 
US$[●] 
508 
1Valour Gnosis Physical Staking - SEK 
Gnosis 
SEK 
US$[●] 
509 
1Valour Gnosis Physical - CHF 
Gnosis 
CHF 
US$[●] 
510 
1Valour Gnosis Physical Staking - CHF 
Gnosis 
CHF 
US$[●] 
511 
1Valour Golem Physical - USD 
Golem 
USD 
US$[●] 
512 
1Valour Golem Physical Staking - USD 
Golem 
USD 
US$[●] 
513 
1Valour Golem Physical - GBP 
Golem 
GBP 
US$[●] 
514 
1Valour Golem Physical Staking - GBP 
Golem 
GBP 
US$[●] 
515 
1Valour Golem Physical - EUR 
Golem 
EUR 
US$[●] 
516 
1Valour Golem Physical Staking - EUR 
Golem 
EUR 
US$[●] 
517 
1Valour Golem Physical - SEK 
Golem 
SEK 
US$[●] 
518 
1Valour Golem Physical Staking - SEK 
Golem 
SEK 
US$[●] 
519 
1Valour Golem Physical - CHF 
Golem 
CHF 
US$[●] 
520 
1Valour Golem Physical Staking - CHF 
Golem 
CHF 
US$[●] 
521 
1Valour Harmony Physical - USD 
Harmony 
USD 
US$[●] 
522 
1Valour Harmony Physical Staking - USD 
Harmony 
USD 
US$[●] 
523 
1Valour Harmony Physical - GBP 
Harmony 
GBP 
US$[●] 
524 
1Valour Harmony Physical Staking - GBP 
Harmony 
GBP 
US$[●] 
525 
1Valour Harmony Physical - EUR 
Harmony 
EUR 
US$[●] 
526 
1Valour Harmony Physical Staking - EUR 
Harmony 
EUR 
US$[●] 
527 
1Valour Harmony Physical - SEK 
Harmony 
SEK 
US$[●] 
528 
1Valour Harmony Physical Staking - SEK 
Harmony 
SEK 
US$[●] 
529 
1Valour Harmony Physical - CHF 
Harmony 
CHF 
US$[●] 
530 
1Valour Harmony Physical Staking - CHF 
Harmony 
CHF 
US$[●] 
531 
1Valour Hedera Physical - USD 
Hedera 
USD 
US$[●] 
532 
1Valour Hedera Physical Staking - USD 
Hedera 
USD 
US$[●] 
533 
1Valour Hedera Physical - GBP 
Hedera 
GBP 
US$[●] 
534 
1Valour Hedera Physical Staking - GBP 
Hedera 
GBP 
US$[●] 
535 
1Valour Hedera Physical - EUR 
Hedera 
EUR 
US$[●] 
536 
1Valour Hedera Physical Staking - EUR 
Hedera 
EUR 
US$[●] 
537 
1Valour Hedera Physical - SEK 
Hedera 
SEK 
US$[●] 
538 
1Valour Hedera Physical Staking - SEK 
Hedera 
SEK 
US$[●] 
539 
1Valour Hedera Physical - CHF 
Hedera 
CHF 
US$[●] 
540 
1Valour Hedera Physical Staking - CHF 
Hedera 
CHF 
US$[●] 
541 
1Valour Helium Physical - USD 
Helium 
USD 
US$[●] 
542 
1Valour Helium Physical Staking - USD 
Helium 
USD 
US$[●] 
543 
1Valour Helium Physical - GBP 
Helium 
GBP 
US$[●] 
544 
1Valour Helium Physical Staking - GBP 
Helium 
GBP 
US$[●] 
545 
1Valour Helium Physical - EUR 
Helium 
EUR 
US$[●] 
546 
1Valour Helium Physical Staking - EUR 
Helium 
EUR 
US$[●] 
547 
1Valour Helium Physical - SEK 
Helium 
SEK 
US$[●] 
548 
1Valour Helium Physical Staking - SEK 
Helium 
SEK 
US$[●] 
549 
1Valour Helium Physical - CHF 
Helium 
CHF 
US$[●] 
550 
1Valour Helium Physical Staking - CHF 
Helium 
CHF 
US$[●] 
551 
1Valour Holo Physical - USD 
Holo 
USD 
US$[●] 
552 
1Valour Holo Physical Staking - USD 
Holo 
USD 
US$[●] 
553 
1Valour Holo Physical - GBP 
Holo 
GBP 
US$[●] 
554 
1Valour Holo Physical Staking - GBP 
Holo 
GBP 
US$[●] 
555 
1Valour Holo Physical - EUR 
Holo 
EUR 
US$[●] 
556 
1Valour Holo Physical Staking - EUR 
Holo 
EUR 
US$[●] 
557 
1Valour Holo Physical - SEK 
Holo 
SEK 
US$[●] 
558 
1Valour Holo Physical Staking - SEK 
Holo 
SEK 
US$[●]

--- Page 139 ---
136 
 
 
Short name of class of Individual Securities: 
Underlying 
Type: 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
559 
1Valour Holo Physical - CHF 
Holo 
CHF 
US$[●] 
560 
1Valour Holo Physical Staking - CHF 
Holo 
CHF 
US$[●] 
561 
1Valour Huobi Token Physical - USD 
Huobi Token 
USD 
US$[●] 
562 
1Valour Huobi Token Physical Staking - USD 
Huobi Token 
USD 
US$[●] 
563 
1Valour Huobi Token Physical - GBP 
Huobi Token 
GBP 
US$[●] 
564 
1Valour Huobi Token Physical Staking - GBP 
Huobi Token 
GBP 
US$[●] 
565 
1Valour Huobi Token Physical - EUR 
Huobi Token 
EUR 
US$[●] 
566 
1Valour Huobi Token Physical Staking - EUR 
Huobi Token 
EUR 
US$[●] 
567 
1Valour Huobi Token Physical - SEK 
Huobi Token 
SEK 
US$[●] 
568 
1Valour Huobi Token Physical Staking - SEK 
Huobi Token 
SEK 
US$[●] 
569 
1Valour Huobi Token Physical - CHF 
Huobi Token 
CHF 
US$[●] 
570 
1Valour Huobi Token Physical Staking - CHF 
Huobi Token 
CHF 
US$[●] 
571 
1Valour ICON Physical - USD 
ICON 
USD 
US$[●] 
572 
1Valour ICON Physical Staking - USD 
ICON 
USD 
US$[●] 
573 
1Valour ICON Physical - GBP 
ICON 
GBP 
US$[●] 
574 
1Valour ICON Physical Staking - GBP 
ICON 
GBP 
US$[●] 
575 
1Valour ICON Physical - EUR 
ICON 
EUR 
US$[●] 
576 
1Valour ICON Physical Staking - EUR 
ICON 
EUR 
US$[●] 
577 
1Valour ICON Physical - SEK 
ICON 
SEK 
US$[●] 
578 
1Valour ICON Physical Staking - SEK 
ICON 
SEK 
US$[●] 
579 
1Valour ICON Physical - CHF 
ICON 
CHF 
US$[●] 
580 
1Valour ICON Physical Staking - CHF 
ICON 
CHF 
US$[●] 
581 
1Valour ImmutableX Physical - USD 
ImmutableX 
USD 
US$[●] 
582 
1Valour ImmutableX Physical Staking - USD 
ImmutableX 
USD 
US$[●] 
583 
1Valour ImmutableX Physical - GBP 
ImmutableX 
GBP 
US$[●] 
584 
1Valour ImmutableX Physical Staking - GBP 
ImmutableX 
GBP 
US$[●] 
585 
1Valour ImmutableX Physical - EUR 
ImmutableX 
EUR 
US$[●] 
586 
1Valour ImmutableX Physical Staking - EUR 
ImmutableX 
EUR 
US$[●] 
587 
1Valour ImmutableX Physical - SEK 
ImmutableX 
SEK 
US$[●] 
588 
1Valour ImmutableX Physical Staking - SEK 
ImmutableX 
SEK 
US$[●] 
589 
1Valour ImmutableX Physical - CHF 
ImmutableX 
CHF 
US$[●] 
590 
1Valour ImmutableX Physical Staking - CHF 
ImmutableX 
CHF 
US$[●] 
591 
1Valour Injective Physical - USD 
Injective 
USD 
US$[●] 
592 
1Valour Injective Physical Staking - USD 
Injective 
USD 
US$[●] 
593 
1Valour Injective Physical - GBP 
Injective 
GBP 
US$[●] 
594 
1Valour Injective Physical Staking - GBP 
Injective 
GBP 
US$[●] 
595 
1Valour Injective Physical - EUR 
Injective 
EUR 
US$[●] 
596 
1Valour Injective Physical Staking - EUR 
Injective 
EUR 
US$[●] 
597 
1Valour Injective Physical - SEK 
Injective 
SEK 
US$[●] 
598 
1Valour Injective Physical Staking - SEK 
Injective 
SEK 
US$[●] 
599 
1Valour Injective Physical - CHF 
Injective 
CHF 
US$[●] 
600 
1Valour Injective Physical Staking - CHF 
Injective 
CHF 
US$[●] 
601 
1Valour Internet Computer Physical - USD 
Internet Computer 
USD 
US$[●] 
602 
1Valour Internet Computer Physical Staking - 
USD 
Internet Computer 
USD 
US$[●] 
603 
1Valour Internet Computer Physical - GBP 
Internet Computer 
GBP 
US$[●] 
604 
1Valour Internet Computer Physical Staking - 
GBP 
Internet Computer 
GBP 
US$[●] 
605 
1Valour Internet Computer Physical - EUR 
Internet Computer 
EUR 
US$[●] 
606 
1Valour Internet Computer Physical Staking - 
EUR 
Internet Computer 
EUR 
US$[●] 
607 
1Valour Internet Computer Physical - SEK 
Internet Computer 
SEK 
US$[●] 
608 
1Valour Internet Computer Physical Staking - 
SEK 
Internet Computer 
SEK 
US$[●]

--- Page 140 ---
137 
 
 
Short name of class of Individual Securities: 
Underlying 
Type: 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
609 
1Valour Internet Computer Physical - CHF 
Internet Computer 
CHF 
US$[●] 
610 
1Valour Internet Computer Physical Staking - 
CHF 
Internet Computer 
CHF 
US$[●] 
611 
1Valour IOST Physical - USD 
IOST 
USD 
US$[●] 
612 
1Valour IOST Physical Staking - USD 
IOST 
USD 
US$[●] 
613 
1Valour IOST Physical - GBP 
IOST 
GBP 
US$[●] 
614 
1Valour IOST Physical Staking - GBP 
IOST 
GBP 
US$[●] 
615 
1Valour IOST Physical - EUR 
IOST 
EUR 
US$[●] 
616 
1Valour IOST Physical Staking - EUR 
IOST 
EUR 
US$[●] 
617 
1Valour IOST Physical - SEK 
IOST 
SEK 
US$[●] 
618 
1Valour IOST Physical Staking - SEK 
IOST 
SEK 
US$[●] 
619 
1Valour IOST Physical - CHF 
IOST 
CHF 
US$[●] 
620 
1Valour IOST Physical Staking - CHF 
IOST 
CHF 
US$[●] 
621 
1Valour IOTA Physical - USD 
IOTA 
USD 
US$[●] 
622 
1Valour IOTA Physical Staking - USD 
IOTA 
USD 
US$[●] 
623 
1Valour IOTA Physical - GBP 
IOTA 
GBP 
US$[●] 
624 
1Valour IOTA Physical Staking - GBP 
IOTA 
GBP 
US$[●] 
625 
1Valour IOTA Physical - EUR 
IOTA 
EUR 
US$[●] 
626 
1Valour IOTA Physical Staking - EUR 
IOTA 
EUR 
US$[●] 
627 
1Valour IOTA Physical - SEK 
IOTA 
SEK 
US$[●] 
628 
1Valour IOTA Physical Staking - SEK 
IOTA 
SEK 
US$[●] 
629 
1Valour IOTA Physical - CHF 
IOTA 
CHF 
US$[●] 
630 
1Valour IOTA Physical Staking - CHF 
IOTA 
CHF 
US$[●] 
631 
1Valour IoTeX Physical - USD 
IoTeX 
USD 
US$[●] 
632 
1Valour IoTeX Physical Staking - USD 
IoTeX 
USD 
US$[●] 
633 
1Valour IoTeX Physical - GBP 
IoTeX 
GBP 
US$[●] 
634 
1Valour IoTeX Physical Staking - GBP 
IoTeX 
GBP 
US$[●] 
635 
1Valour IoTeX Physical - EUR 
IoTeX 
EUR 
US$[●] 
636 
1Valour IoTeX Physical Staking - EUR 
IoTeX 
EUR 
US$[●] 
637 
1Valour IoTeX Physical - SEK 
IoTeX 
SEK 
US$[●] 
638 
1Valour IoTeX Physical Staking - SEK 
IoTeX 
SEK 
US$[●] 
639 
1Valour IoTeX Physical - CHF 
IoTeX 
CHF 
US$[●] 
640 
1Valour IoTeX Physical Staking - CHF 
IoTeX 
CHF 
US$[●] 
641 
1Valour JUST Physical - USD 
JUST 
USD 
US$[●] 
642 
1Valour JUST Physical Staking - USD 
JUST 
USD 
US$[●] 
643 
1Valour JUST Physical - GBP 
JUST 
GBP 
US$[●] 
644 
1Valour JUST Physical Staking - GBP 
JUST 
GBP 
US$[●] 
645 
1Valour JUST Physical - EUR 
JUST 
EUR 
US$[●] 
646 
1Valour JUST Physical Staking - EUR 
JUST 
EUR 
US$[●] 
647 
1Valour JUST Physical - SEK 
JUST 
SEK 
US$[●] 
648 
1Valour JUST Physical Staking - SEK 
JUST 
SEK 
US$[●] 
649 
1Valour JUST Physical - CHF 
JUST 
CHF 
US$[●] 
650 
1Valour JUST Physical Staking - CHF 
JUST 
CHF 
US$[●] 
651 
1Valour Kadena Physical - USD 
Kadena 
USD 
US$[●] 
652 
1Valour Kadena Physical Staking - USD 
Kadena 
USD 
US$[●] 
653 
1Valour Kadena Physical - GBP 
Kadena 
GBP 
US$[●] 
654 
1Valour Kadena Physical Staking - GBP 
Kadena 
GBP 
US$[●] 
655 
1Valour Kadena Physical - EUR 
Kadena 
EUR 
US$[●] 
656 
1Valour Kadena Physical Staking - EUR 
Kadena 
EUR 
US$[●] 
657 
1Valour Kadena Physical - SEK 
Kadena 
SEK 
US$[●] 
658 
1Valour Kadena Physical Staking - SEK 
Kadena 
SEK 
US$[●] 
659 
1Valour Kadena Physical - CHF 
Kadena 
CHF 
US$[●] 
660 
1Valour Kadena Physical Staking - CHF 
Kadena 
CHF 
US$[●]

--- Page 141 ---
138 
 
 
Short name of class of Individual Securities: 
Underlying 
Type: 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
661 
1Valour Kava Physical - USD 
Kava 
USD 
US$[●] 
662 
1Valour Kava Physical Staking - USD 
Kava 
USD 
US$[●] 
663 
1Valour Kava Physical - GBP 
Kava 
GBP 
US$[●] 
664 
1Valour Kava Physical Staking - GBP 
Kava 
GBP 
US$[●] 
665 
1Valour Kava Physical - EUR 
Kava 
EUR 
US$[●] 
666 
1Valour Kava Physical Staking - EUR 
Kava 
EUR 
US$[●] 
667 
1Valour Kava Physical - SEK 
Kava 
SEK 
US$[●] 
668 
1Valour Kava Physical Staking - SEK 
Kava 
SEK 
US$[●] 
669 
1Valour Kava Physical - CHF 
Kava 
CHF 
US$[●] 
670 
1Valour Kava Physical Staking - CHF 
Kava 
CHF 
US$[●] 
671 
1Valour Klaytn Physical - USD 
Klaytn 
USD 
US$[●] 
672 
1Valour Klaytn Physical Staking - USD 
Klaytn 
USD 
US$[●] 
673 
1Valour Klaytn Physical - GBP 
Klaytn 
GBP 
US$[●] 
674 
1Valour Klaytn Physical Staking - GBP 
Klaytn 
GBP 
US$[●] 
675 
1Valour Klaytn Physical - EUR 
Klaytn 
EUR 
US$[●] 
676 
1Valour Klaytn Physical Staking - EUR 
Klaytn 
EUR 
US$[●] 
677 
1Valour Klaytn Physical - SEK 
Klaytn 
SEK 
US$[●] 
678 
1Valour Klaytn Physical Staking - SEK 
Klaytn 
SEK 
US$[●] 
679 
1Valour Klaytn Physical - CHF 
Klaytn 
CHF 
US$[●] 
680 
1Valour Klaytn Physical Staking - CHF 
Klaytn 
CHF 
US$[●] 
681 
1Valour KuCoin Token Physical - USD 
KuCoin Token 
USD 
US$[●] 
682 
1Valour KuCoin Token Physical Staking - USD 
KuCoin Token 
USD 
US$[●] 
683 
1Valour KuCoin Token Physical - GBP 
KuCoin Token 
GBP 
US$[●] 
684 
1Valour KuCoin Token Physical Staking - GBP 
KuCoin Token 
GBP 
US$[●] 
685 
1Valour KuCoin Token Physical - EUR 
KuCoin Token 
EUR 
US$[●] 
686 
1Valour KuCoin Token Physical Staking - EUR 
KuCoin Token 
EUR 
US$[●] 
687 
1Valour KuCoin Token Physical - SEK 
KuCoin Token 
SEK 
US$[●] 
688 
1Valour KuCoin Token Physical Staking - SEK 
KuCoin Token 
SEK 
US$[●] 
689 
1Valour KuCoin Token Physical - CHF 
KuCoin Token 
CHF 
US$[●] 
690 
1Valour KuCoin Token Physical Staking - CHF 
KuCoin Token 
CHF 
US$[●] 
691 
1Valour Kusama Physical - USD 
Kusama 
USD 
US$[●] 
692 
1Valour Kusama Physical Staking - USD 
Kusama 
USD 
US$[●] 
693 
1Valour Kusama Physical - GBP 
Kusama 
GBP 
US$[●] 
694 
1Valour Kusama Physical Staking - GBP 
Kusama 
GBP 
US$[●] 
695 
1Valour Kusama Physical - EUR 
Kusama 
EUR 
US$[●] 
696 
1Valour Kusama Physical Staking - EUR 
Kusama 
EUR 
US$[●] 
697 
1Valour Kusama Physical - SEK 
Kusama 
SEK 
US$[●] 
698 
1Valour Kusama Physical Staking - SEK 
Kusama 
SEK 
US$[●] 
699 
1Valour Kusama Physical - CHF 
Kusama 
CHF 
US$[●] 
700 
1Valour Kusama Physical Staking - CHF 
Kusama 
CHF 
US$[●] 
701 
1Valour Kyber Network Crystal v2 Physical - 
USD 
Kyber Network 
Crystal v2 
USD 
US$[●] 
702 
1Valour Kyber Network Crystal v2 Physical 
Staking - USD 
Kyber Network 
Crystal v2 
USD 
US$[●] 
703 
1Valour Kyber Network Crystal v2 Physical - 
GBP 
Kyber Network 
Crystal v2 
GBP 
US$[●] 
704 
1Valour Kyber Network Crystal v2 Physical 
Staking - GBP 
Kyber Network 
Crystal v2 
GBP 
US$[●] 
705 
1Valour Kyber Network Crystal v2 Physical - 
EUR 
Kyber Network 
Crystal v2 
EUR 
US$[●] 
706 
1Valour Kyber Network Crystal v2 Physical 
Staking - EUR 
Kyber Network 
Crystal v2 
EUR 
US$[●] 
707 
1Valour Kyber Network Crystal v2 Physical - 
SEK 
Kyber Network 
Crystal v2 
SEK 
US$[●]

--- Page 142 ---
139 
 
 
Short name of class of Individual Securities: 
Underlying 
Type: 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
708 
1Valour Kyber Network Crystal v2 Physical 
Staking - SEK 
Kyber Network 
Crystal v2 
SEK 
US$[●] 
709 
1Valour Kyber Network Crystal v2 Physical - 
CHF 
Kyber Network 
Crystal v2 
CHF 
US$[●] 
710 
1Valour Kyber Network Crystal v2 Physical 
Staking - CHF 
Kyber Network 
Crystal v2 
CHF 
US$[●] 
711 
1Valour Lido DAO Physical - USD 
Lido DAO 
USD 
US$[●] 
712 
1Valour Lido DAO Physical Staking - USD 
Lido DAO 
USD 
US$[●] 
713 
1Valour Lido DAO Physical - GBP 
Lido DAO 
GBP 
US$[●] 
714 
1Valour Lido DAO Physical Staking - GBP 
Lido DAO 
GBP 
US$[●] 
715 
1Valour Lido DAO Physical - EUR 
Lido DAO 
EUR 
US$[●] 
716 
1Valour Lido DAO Physical Staking - EUR 
Lido DAO 
EUR 
US$[●] 
717 
1Valour Lido DAO Physical - SEK 
Lido DAO 
SEK 
US$[●] 
718 
1Valour Lido DAO Physical Staking - SEK 
Lido DAO 
SEK 
US$[●] 
719 
1Valour Lido DAO Physical - CHF 
Lido DAO 
CHF 
US$[●] 
720 
1Valour Lido DAO Physical Staking - CHF 
Lido DAO 
CHF 
US$[●] 
721 
1Valour Link Physical - USD 
Link 
USD 
US$[●] 
722 
1Valour Link Physical Staking - USD 
Link 
USD 
US$[●] 
723 
1Valour Link Physical - GBP 
Link 
GBP 
US$[●] 
724 
1Valour Link Physical Staking - GBP 
Link 
GBP 
US$[●] 
725 
1Valour Link Physical - EUR 
Link 
EUR 
US$[●] 
726 
1Valour Link Physical Staking - EUR 
Link 
EUR 
US$[●] 
727 
1Valour Link Physical - SEK 
Link 
SEK 
US$[●] 
728 
1Valour Link Physical Staking - SEK 
Link 
SEK 
US$[●] 
729 
1Valour Link Physical - CHF 
Link 
CHF 
US$[●] 
730 
1Valour Link Physical Staking - CHF 
Link 
CHF 
US$[●] 
731 
1Valour Litecoin Physical - USD 
Litecoin 
USD 
US$[●] 
732 
1Valour Litecoin Physical Staking - USD 
Litecoin 
USD 
US$[●] 
733 
1Valour Litecoin Physical - GBP 
Litecoin 
GBP 
US$[●] 
734 
1Valour Litecoin Physical Staking - GBP 
Litecoin 
GBP 
US$[●] 
735 
1Valour Litecoin Physical - EUR 
Litecoin 
EUR 
US$[●] 
736 
1Valour Litecoin Physical Staking - EUR 
Litecoin 
EUR 
US$[●] 
737 
1Valour Litecoin Physical - SEK 
Litecoin 
SEK 
US$[●] 
738 
1Valour Litecoin Physical Staking - SEK 
Litecoin 
SEK 
US$[●] 
739 
1Valour Litecoin Physical - CHF 
Litecoin 
CHF 
US$[●] 
740 
1Valour Litecoin Physical Staking - CHF 
Litecoin 
CHF 
US$[●] 
741 
1Valour Livepeer Physical - USD 
Livepeer 
USD 
US$[●] 
742 
1Valour Livepeer Physical Staking - USD 
Livepeer 
USD 
US$[●] 
743 
1Valour Livepeer Physical - GBP 
Livepeer 
GBP 
US$[●] 
744 
1Valour Livepeer Physical Staking - GBP 
Livepeer 
GBP 
US$[●] 
745 
1Valour Livepeer Physical - EUR 
Livepeer 
EUR 
US$[●] 
746 
1Valour Livepeer Physical Staking - EUR 
Livepeer 
EUR 
US$[●] 
747 
1Valour Livepeer Physical - SEK 
Livepeer 
SEK 
US$[●] 
748 
1Valour Livepeer Physical Staking - SEK 
Livepeer 
SEK 
US$[●] 
749 
1Valour Livepeer Physical - CHF 
Livepeer 
CHF 
US$[●] 
750 
1Valour Livepeer Physical Staking - CHF 
Livepeer 
CHF 
US$[●] 
751 
1Valour Loopring Physical - USD 
Loopring 
USD 
US$[●] 
752 
1Valour Loopring Physical Staking - USD 
Loopring 
USD 
US$[●] 
753 
1Valour Loopring Physical - GBP 
Loopring 
GBP 
US$[●] 
754 
1Valour Loopring Physical Staking - GBP 
Loopring 
GBP 
US$[●] 
755 
1Valour Loopring Physical - EUR 
Loopring 
EUR 
US$[●] 
756 
1Valour Loopring Physical Staking - EUR 
Loopring 
EUR 
US$[●] 
757 
1Valour Loopring Physical - SEK 
Loopring 
SEK 
US$[●]

--- Page 143 ---
140 
 
 
Short name of class of Individual Securities: 
Underlying 
Type: 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
758 
1Valour Loopring Physical Staking - SEK 
Loopring 
SEK 
US$[●] 
759 
1Valour Loopring Physical - CHF 
Loopring 
CHF 
US$[●] 
760 
1Valour Loopring Physical Staking - CHF 
Loopring 
CHF 
US$[●] 
761 
1Valour Magic Physical - USD 
Magic 
USD 
US$[●] 
762 
1Valour Magic Physical Staking - USD 
Magic 
USD 
US$[●] 
763 
1Valour Magic Physical - GBP 
Magic 
GBP 
US$[●] 
764 
1Valour Magic Physical Staking - GBP 
Magic 
GBP 
US$[●] 
765 
1Valour Magic Physical - EUR 
Magic 
EUR 
US$[●] 
766 
1Valour Magic Physical Staking - EUR 
Magic 
EUR 
US$[●] 
767 
1Valour Magic Physical - SEK 
Magic 
SEK 
US$[●] 
768 
1Valour Magic Physical Staking - SEK 
Magic 
SEK 
US$[●] 
769 
1Valour Magic Physical - CHF 
Magic 
CHF 
US$[●] 
770 
1Valour Magic Physical Staking - CHF 
Magic 
CHF 
US$[●] 
771 
1Valour Maker Physical - USD 
Maker 
USD 
US$[●] 
772 
1Valour Maker Physical Staking - USD 
Maker 
USD 
US$[●] 
773 
1Valour Maker Physical - GBP 
Maker 
GBP 
US$[●] 
774 
1Valour Maker Physical Staking - GBP 
Maker 
GBP 
US$[●] 
775 
1Valour Maker Physical - EUR 
Maker 
EUR 
US$[●] 
776 
1Valour Maker Physical Staking - EUR 
Maker 
EUR 
US$[●] 
777 
1Valour Maker Physical - SEK 
Maker 
SEK 
US$[●] 
778 
1Valour Maker Physical Staking - SEK 
Maker 
SEK 
US$[●] 
779 
1Valour Maker Physical - CHF 
Maker 
CHF 
US$[●] 
780 
1Valour Maker Physical Staking - CHF 
Maker 
CHF 
US$[●] 
781 
1Valour Mina Physical - USD 
Mina 
USD 
US$[●] 
782 
1Valour Mina Physical Staking - USD 
Mina 
USD 
US$[●] 
783 
1Valour Mina Physical - GBP 
Mina 
GBP 
US$[●] 
784 
1Valour Mina Physical Staking - GBP 
Mina 
GBP 
US$[●] 
785 
1Valour Mina Physical - EUR 
Mina 
EUR 
US$[●] 
786 
1Valour Mina Physical Staking - EUR 
Mina 
EUR 
US$[●] 
787 
1Valour Mina Physical - SEK 
Mina 
SEK 
US$[●] 
788 
1Valour Mina Physical Staking - SEK 
Mina 
SEK 
US$[●] 
789 
1Valour Mina Physical - CHF 
Mina 
CHF 
US$[●] 
790 
1Valour Mina Physical Staking - CHF 
Mina 
CHF 
US$[●] 
791 
1Valour MultiversX Physical - USD 
MultiversX 
USD 
US$[●] 
792 
1Valour MultiversX Physical Staking - USD 
MultiversX 
USD 
US$[●] 
793 
1Valour MultiversX Physical - GBP 
MultiversX 
GBP 
US$[●] 
794 
1Valour MultiversX Physical Staking - GBP 
MultiversX 
GBP 
US$[●] 
795 
1Valour MultiversX Physical - EUR 
MultiversX 
EUR 
US$[●] 
796 
1Valour MultiversX Physical Staking - EUR 
MultiversX 
EUR 
US$[●] 
797 
1Valour MultiversX Physical - SEK 
MultiversX 
SEK 
US$[●] 
798 
1Valour MultiversX Physical Staking - SEK 
MultiversX 
SEK 
US$[●] 
799 
1Valour MultiversX Physical - CHF 
MultiversX 
CHF 
US$[●] 
800 
1Valour MultiversX Physical Staking - CHF 
MultiversX 
CHF 
US$[●] 
801 
1Valour NEAR Protocol Physical - USD 
NEAR Protocol 
USD 
US$[●] 
802 
1Valour NEAR Protocol Physical Staking - USD 
NEAR Protocol 
USD 
US$[●] 
803 
1Valour NEAR Protocol Physical - GBP 
NEAR Protocol 
GBP 
US$[●] 
804 
1Valour NEAR Protocol Physical Staking - GBP 
NEAR Protocol 
GBP 
US$[●] 
805 
1Valour NEAR Protocol Physical - EUR 
NEAR Protocol 
EUR 
US$[●] 
806 
1Valour NEAR Protocol Physical Staking - EUR 
NEAR Protocol 
EUR 
US$[●] 
807 
1Valour NEAR Protocol Physical - SEK 
NEAR Protocol 
SEK 
US$[●] 
808 
1Valour NEAR Protocol Physical Staking - SEK 
NEAR Protocol 
SEK 
US$[●] 
809 
1Valour NEAR Protocol Physical - CHF 
NEAR Protocol 
CHF 
US$[●] 
810 
1Valour NEAR Protocol Physical Staking - CHF 
NEAR Protocol 
CHF 
US$[●]

--- Page 144 ---
141 
 
 
Short name of class of Individual Securities: 
Underlying 
Type: 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
811 
1Valour NEM Physical - USD 
NEM 
USD 
US$[●] 
812 
1Valour NEM Physical Staking - USD 
NEM 
USD 
US$[●] 
813 
1Valour NEM Physical - GBP 
NEM 
GBP 
US$[●] 
814 
1Valour NEM Physical Staking - GBP 
NEM 
GBP 
US$[●] 
815 
1Valour NEM Physical - EUR 
NEM 
EUR 
US$[●] 
816 
1Valour NEM Physical Staking - EUR 
NEM 
EUR 
US$[●] 
817 
1Valour NEM Physical - SEK 
NEM 
SEK 
US$[●] 
818 
1Valour NEM Physical Staking - SEK 
NEM 
SEK 
US$[●] 
819 
1Valour NEM Physical - CHF 
NEM 
CHF 
US$[●] 
820 
1Valour NEM Physical Staking - CHF 
NEM 
CHF 
US$[●] 
821 
1Valour Neo Physical - USD 
Neo 
USD 
US$[●] 
822 
1Valour Neo Physical Staking - USD 
Neo 
USD 
US$[●] 
823 
1Valour Neo Physical - GBP 
Neo 
GBP 
US$[●] 
824 
1Valour Neo Physical Staking - GBP 
Neo 
GBP 
US$[●] 
825 
1Valour Neo Physical - EUR 
Neo 
EUR 
US$[●] 
826 
1Valour Neo Physical Staking - EUR 
Neo 
EUR 
US$[●] 
827 
1Valour Neo Physical - SEK 
Neo 
SEK 
US$[●] 
828 
1Valour Neo Physical Staking - SEK 
Neo 
SEK 
US$[●] 
829 
1Valour Neo Physical - CHF 
Neo 
CHF 
US$[●] 
830 
1Valour Neo Physical Staking - CHF 
Neo 
CHF 
US$[●] 
831 
1Valour Nexo Physical - USD 
Nexo 
USD 
US$[●] 
832 
1Valour Nexo Physical Staking - USD 
Nexo 
USD 
US$[●] 
833 
1Valour Nexo Physical - GBP 
Nexo 
GBP 
US$[●] 
834 
1Valour Nexo Physical Staking - GBP 
Nexo 
GBP 
US$[●] 
835 
1Valour Nexo Physical - EUR 
Nexo 
EUR 
US$[●] 
836 
1Valour Nexo Physical Staking - EUR 
Nexo 
EUR 
US$[●] 
837 
1Valour Nexo Physical - SEK 
Nexo 
SEK 
US$[●] 
838 
1Valour Nexo Physical Staking - SEK 
Nexo 
SEK 
US$[●] 
839 
1Valour Nexo Physical - CHF 
Nexo 
CHF 
US$[●] 
840 
1Valour Nexo Physical Staking - CHF 
Nexo 
CHF 
US$[●] 
841 
1Valour OKB Physical - USD 
OKB 
USD 
US$[●] 
842 
1Valour OKB Physical Staking - USD 
OKB 
USD 
US$[●] 
843 
1Valour OKB Physical - GBP 
OKB 
GBP 
US$[●] 
844 
1Valour OKB Physical Staking - GBP 
OKB 
GBP 
US$[●] 
845 
1Valour OKB Physical - EUR 
OKB 
EUR 
US$[●] 
846 
1Valour OKB Physical Staking - EUR 
OKB 
EUR 
US$[●] 
847 
1Valour OKB Physical - SEK 
OKB 
SEK 
US$[●] 
848 
1Valour OKB Physical Staking - SEK 
OKB 
SEK 
US$[●] 
849 
1Valour OKB Physical - CHF 
OKB 
CHF 
US$[●] 
850 
1Valour OKB Physical Staking - CHF 
OKB 
CHF 
US$[●] 
851 
1Valour OMG Network Physical - USD 
OMG Network 
USD 
US$[●] 
852 
1Valour OMG Network Physical Staking - USD 
OMG Network 
USD 
US$[●] 
853 
1Valour OMG Network Physical - GBP 
OMG Network 
GBP 
US$[●] 
854 
1Valour OMG Network Physical Staking - GBP 
OMG Network 
GBP 
US$[●] 
855 
1Valour OMG Network Physical - EUR 
OMG Network 
EUR 
US$[●] 
856 
1Valour OMG Network Physical Staking - EUR 
OMG Network 
EUR 
US$[●] 
857 
1Valour OMG Network Physical - SEK 
OMG Network 
SEK 
US$[●] 
858 
1Valour OMG Network Physical Staking - SEK 
OMG Network 
SEK 
US$[●] 
859 
1Valour OMG Network Physical - CHF 
OMG Network 
CHF 
US$[●] 
860 
1Valour OMG Network Physical Staking - CHF 
OMG Network 
CHF 
US$[●] 
861 
1Valour Optimism Physical - USD 
Optimism 
USD 
US$[●] 
862 
1Valour Optimism Physical Staking - USD 
Optimism 
USD 
US$[●] 
863 
1Valour Optimism Physical - GBP 
Optimism 
GBP 
US$[●]

--- Page 145 ---
142 
 
 
Short name of class of Individual Securities: 
Underlying 
Type: 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
864 
1Valour Optimism Physical Staking - GBP 
Optimism 
GBP 
US$[●] 
865 
1Valour Optimism Physical - EUR 
Optimism 
EUR 
US$[●] 
866 
1Valour Optimism Physical Staking - EUR 
Optimism 
EUR 
US$[●] 
867 
1Valour Optimism Physical - SEK 
Optimism 
SEK 
US$[●] 
868 
1Valour Optimism Physical Staking - SEK 
Optimism 
SEK 
US$[●] 
869 
1Valour Optimism Physical - CHF 
Optimism 
CHF 
US$[●] 
870 
1Valour Optimism Physical Staking - CHF 
Optimism 
CHF 
US$[●] 
871 
1Valour PancakeSwap Physical - USD 
PancakeSwap 
USD 
US$[●] 
872 
1Valour PancakeSwap Physical Staking - USD 
PancakeSwap 
USD 
US$[●] 
873 
1Valour PancakeSwap Physical - GBP 
PancakeSwap 
GBP 
US$[●] 
874 
1Valour PancakeSwap Physical Staking - GBP 
PancakeSwap 
GBP 
US$[●] 
875 
1Valour PancakeSwap Physical - EUR 
PancakeSwap 
EUR 
US$[●] 
876 
1Valour PancakeSwap Physical Staking - EUR 
PancakeSwap 
EUR 
US$[●] 
877 
1Valour PancakeSwap Physical - SEK 
PancakeSwap 
SEK 
US$[●] 
878 
1Valour PancakeSwap Physical Staking - SEK 
PancakeSwap 
SEK 
US$[●] 
879 
1Valour PancakeSwap Physical - CHF 
PancakeSwap 
CHF 
US$[●] 
880 
1Valour PancakeSwap Physical Staking - CHF 
PancakeSwap 
CHF 
US$[●] 
881 
1Valour Pax Dollar Physical - USD 
Pax Dollar 
USD 
US$[●] 
882 
1Valour Pax Dollar Physical Staking - USD 
Pax Dollar 
USD 
US$[●] 
883 
1Valour Pax Dollar Physical - GBP 
Pax Dollar 
GBP 
US$[●] 
884 
1Valour Pax Dollar Physical Staking - GBP 
Pax Dollar 
GBP 
US$[●] 
885 
1Valour Pax Dollar Physical - EUR 
Pax Dollar 
EUR 
US$[●] 
886 
1Valour Pax Dollar Physical Staking - EUR 
Pax Dollar 
EUR 
US$[●] 
887 
1Valour Pax Dollar Physical - SEK 
Pax Dollar 
SEK 
US$[●] 
888 
1Valour Pax Dollar Physical Staking - SEK 
Pax Dollar 
SEK 
US$[●] 
889 
1Valour Pax Dollar Physical - CHF 
Pax Dollar 
CHF 
US$[●] 
890 
1Valour Pax Dollar Physical Staking - CHF 
Pax Dollar 
CHF 
US$[●] 
891 
1Valour Polkadot Physical - USD 
Polkadot 
USD 
US$[●] 
892 
1Valour Polkadot Physical Staking - USD 
Polkadot 
USD 
US$[●] 
893 
1Valour Polkadot Physical - GBP 
Polkadot 
GBP 
US$[●] 
894 
1Valour Polkadot Physical Staking - GBP 
Polkadot 
GBP 
US$[●] 
895 
1Valour Polkadot Physical - EUR 
Polkadot 
EUR 
US$[●] 
896 
1Valour Polkadot Physical Staking - EUR 
Polkadot 
EUR 
US$[●] 
897 
1Valour Polkadot Physical - SEK 
Polkadot 
SEK 
US$[●] 
898 
1Valour Polkadot Physical Staking - SEK 
Polkadot 
SEK 
US$[●] 
899 
1Valour Polkadot Physical - CHF 
Polkadot 
CHF 
US$[●] 
900 
1Valour Polkadot Physical Staking - CHF 
Polkadot 
CHF 
US$[●] 
901 
1Valour Polygon Physical - USD 
Polygon 
USD 
US$[●] 
902 
1Valour Polygon Physical Staking - USD 
Polygon 
USD 
US$[●] 
903 
1Valour Polygon Physical - GBP 
Polygon 
GBP 
US$[●] 
904 
1Valour Polygon Physical Staking - GBP 
Polygon 
GBP 
US$[●] 
905 
1Valour Polygon Physical - EUR 
Polygon 
EUR 
US$[●] 
906 
1Valour Polygon Physical Staking - EUR 
Polygon 
EUR 
US$[●] 
907 
1Valour Polygon Physical - SEK 
Polygon 
SEK 
US$[●] 
908 
1Valour Polygon Physical Staking - SEK 
Polygon 
SEK 
US$[●] 
909 
1Valour Polygon Physical - CHF 
Polygon 
CHF 
US$[●] 
910 
1Valour Polygon Physical Staking - CHF 
Polygon 
CHF 
US$[●] 
911 
1Valour Qtum Physical - USD 
Qtum 
USD 
US$[●] 
912 
1Valour Qtum Physical Staking - USD 
Qtum 
USD 
US$[●] 
913 
1Valour Qtum Physical - GBP 
Qtum 
GBP 
US$[●] 
914 
1Valour Qtum Physical Staking - GBP 
Qtum 
GBP 
US$[●] 
915 
1Valour Qtum Physical - EUR 
Qtum 
EUR 
US$[●] 
916 
1Valour Qtum Physical Staking - EUR 
Qtum 
EUR 
US$[●]

--- Page 146 ---
143 
 
 
Short name of class of Individual Securities: 
Underlying 
Type: 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
917 
1Valour Qtum Physical - SEK 
Qtum 
SEK 
US$[●] 
918 
1Valour Qtum Physical Staking - SEK 
Qtum 
SEK 
US$[●] 
919 
1Valour Qtum Physical - CHF 
Qtum 
CHF 
US$[●] 
920 
1Valour Qtum Physical Staking - CHF 
Qtum 
CHF 
US$[●] 
921 
1Valour Quant Physical - USD 
Quant 
USD 
US$[●] 
922 
1Valour Quant Physical Staking - USD 
Quant 
USD 
US$[●] 
923 
1Valour Quant Physical - GBP 
Quant 
GBP 
US$[●] 
924 
1Valour Quant Physical Staking - GBP 
Quant 
GBP 
US$[●] 
925 
1Valour Quant Physical - EUR 
Quant 
EUR 
US$[●] 
926 
1Valour Quant Physical Staking - EUR 
Quant 
EUR 
US$[●] 
927 
1Valour Quant Physical - SEK 
Quant 
SEK 
US$[●] 
928 
1Valour Quant Physical Staking - SEK 
Quant 
SEK 
US$[●] 
929 
1Valour Quant Physical - CHF 
Quant 
CHF 
US$[●] 
930 
1Valour Quant Physical Staking - CHF 
Quant 
CHF 
US$[●] 
931 
1Valour Ravencoin Physical - USD 
Ravencoin 
USD 
US$[●] 
932 
1Valour Ravencoin Physical Staking - USD 
Ravencoin 
USD 
US$[●] 
933 
1Valour Ravencoin Physical - GBP 
Ravencoin 
GBP 
US$[●] 
934 
1Valour Ravencoin Physical Staking - GBP 
Ravencoin 
GBP 
US$[●] 
935 
1Valour Ravencoin Physical - EUR 
Ravencoin 
EUR 
US$[●] 
936 
1Valour Ravencoin Physical Staking - EUR 
Ravencoin 
EUR 
US$[●] 
937 
1Valour Ravencoin Physical - SEK 
Ravencoin 
SEK 
US$[●] 
938 
1Valour Ravencoin Physical Staking - SEK 
Ravencoin 
SEK 
US$[●] 
939 
1Valour Ravencoin Physical - CHF 
Ravencoin 
CHF 
US$[●] 
940 
1Valour Ravencoin Physical Staking - CHF 
Ravencoin 
CHF 
US$[●] 
941 
1Valour Render Token Physical - USD 
Render Token 
USD 
US$[●] 
942 
1Valour Render Token Physical Staking - USD 
Render Token 
USD 
US$[●] 
943 
1Valour Render Token Physical - GBP 
Render Token 
GBP 
US$[●] 
944 
1Valour Render Token Physical Staking - GBP 
Render Token 
GBP 
US$[●] 
945 
1Valour Render Token Physical - EUR 
Render Token 
EUR 
US$[●] 
946 
1Valour Render Token Physical Staking - EUR 
Render Token 
EUR 
US$[●] 
947 
1Valour Render Token Physical - SEK 
Render Token 
SEK 
US$[●] 
948 
1Valour Render Token Physical Staking - SEK 
Render Token 
SEK 
US$[●] 
949 
1Valour Render Token Physical - CHF 
Render Token 
CHF 
US$[●] 
950 
1Valour Render Token Physical Staking - CHF 
Render Token 
CHF 
US$[●] 
951 
1Valour Shiba Inu Physical - USD 
Shiba Inu 
USD 
US$[●] 
952 
1Valour Shiba Inu Physical Staking - USD 
Shiba Inu 
USD 
US$[●] 
953 
1Valour Shiba Inu Physical - GBP 
Shiba Inu 
GBP 
US$[●] 
954 
1Valour Shiba Inu Physical Staking - GBP 
Shiba Inu 
GBP 
US$[●] 
955 
1Valour Shiba Inu Physical - EUR 
Shiba Inu 
EUR 
US$[●] 
956 
1Valour Shiba Inu Physical Staking - EUR 
Shiba Inu 
EUR 
US$[●] 
957 
1Valour Shiba Inu Physical - SEK 
Shiba Inu 
SEK 
US$[●] 
958 
1Valour Shiba Inu Physical Staking - SEK 
Shiba Inu 
SEK 
US$[●] 
959 
1Valour Shiba Inu Physical - CHF 
Shiba Inu 
CHF 
US$[●] 
960 
1Valour Shiba Inu Physical Staking - CHF 
Shiba Inu 
CHF 
US$[●] 
961 
1Valour SingularityNet Physical - USD 
SingularityNet 
USD 
US$[●] 
962 
1Valour SingularityNet Physical Staking - USD 
SingularityNet 
USD 
US$[●] 
963 
1Valour SingularityNet Physical - GBP 
SingularityNet 
GBP 
US$[●] 
964 
1Valour SingularityNet Physical Staking - GBP 
SingularityNet 
GBP 
US$[●] 
965 
1Valour SingularityNet Physical - EUR 
SingularityNet 
EUR 
US$[●] 
966 
1Valour SingularityNet Physical Staking - EUR 
SingularityNet 
EUR 
US$[●] 
967 
1Valour SingularityNet Physical - SEK 
SingularityNet 
SEK 
US$[●] 
968 
1Valour SingularityNet Physical Staking - SEK 
SingularityNet 
SEK 
US$[●] 
969 
1Valour SingularityNet Physical - CHF 
SingularityNet 
CHF 
US$[●]

--- Page 147 ---
144 
 
 
Short name of class of Individual Securities: 
Underlying 
Type: 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
970 
1Valour SingularityNet Physical Staking - CHF 
SingularityNet 
CHF 
US$[●] 
971 
1Valour Solana Physical - USD 
Solana 
USD 
US$[●] 
972 
1Valour Solana Physical Staking - USD 
Solana 
USD 
US$[●] 
973 
1Valour Solana Physical - GBP 
Solana 
GBP 
US$[●] 
974 
1Valour Solana Physical Staking - GBP 
Solana 
GBP 
US$[●] 
975 
1Valour Solana Physical - EUR 
Solana 
EUR 
US$[●] 
976 
1Valour Solana Physical Staking - EUR 
Solana 
EUR 
US$[●] 
977 
1Valour Solana Physical - SEK 
Solana 
SEK 
US$[●] 
978 
1Valour Solana Physical Staking - SEK 
Solana 
SEK 
US$[●] 
979 
1Valour Solana Physical - CHF 
Solana 
CHF 
US$[●] 
980 
1Valour Solana Physical Staking - CHF 
Solana 
CHF 
US$[●] 
981 
1Valour Stacks Physical - USD 
Stacks 
USD 
US$[●] 
982 
1Valour Stacks Physical Staking - USD 
Stacks 
USD 
US$[●] 
983 
1Valour Stacks Physical - GBP 
Stacks 
GBP 
US$[●] 
984 
1Valour Stacks Physical Staking - GBP 
Stacks 
GBP 
US$[●] 
985 
1Valour Stacks Physical - EUR 
Stacks 
EUR 
US$[●] 
986 
1Valour Stacks Physical Staking - EUR 
Stacks 
EUR 
US$[●] 
987 
1Valour Stacks Physical - SEK 
Stacks 
SEK 
US$[●] 
988 
1Valour Stacks Physical Staking - SEK 
Stacks 
SEK 
US$[●] 
989 
1Valour Stacks Physical - CHF 
Stacks 
CHF 
US$[●] 
990 
1Valour Stacks Physical Staking - CHF 
Stacks 
CHF 
US$[●] 
991 
1Valour Stellar Physical - USD 
Stellar 
USD 
US$[●] 
992 
1Valour Stellar Physical Staking - USD 
Stellar 
USD 
US$[●] 
993 
1Valour Stellar Physical - GBP 
Stellar 
GBP 
US$[●] 
994 
1Valour Stellar Physical Staking - GBP 
Stellar 
GBP 
US$[●] 
995 
1Valour Stellar Physical - EUR 
Stellar 
EUR 
US$[●] 
996 
1Valour Stellar Physical Staking - EUR 
Stellar 
EUR 
US$[●] 
997 
1Valour Stellar Physical - SEK 
Stellar 
SEK 
US$[●] 
998 
1Valour Stellar Physical Staking - SEK 
Stellar 
SEK 
US$[●] 
999 
1Valour Stellar Physical - CHF 
Stellar 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1000 
1Valour Stellar Physical Staking - CHF 
Stellar 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1001 
1Valour STEPN Physical - USD 
STEPN 
USD 
US$[●] 
1002 
1Valour STEPN Physical Staking - USD 
STEPN 
USD 
US$[●] 
1003 
1Valour STEPN Physical - GBP 
STEPN 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1004 
1Valour STEPN Physical Staking - GBP 
STEPN 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1005 
1Valour STEPN Physical - EUR 
STEPN 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1006 
1Valour STEPN Physical Staking - EUR 
STEPN 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1007 
1Valour STEPN Physical - SEK 
STEPN 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1008 
1Valour STEPN Physical Staking - SEK 
STEPN 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1009 
1Valour STEPN Physical - CHF 
STEPN 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1010 
1Valour STEPN Physical Staking - CHF 
STEPN 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1011 
1Valour Sushiswap Physical - USD 
Sushiswap 
USD 
US$[●] 
1012 
1Valour Sushiswap Physical Staking - USD 
Sushiswap 
USD 
US$[●] 
1013 
1Valour Sushiswap Physical - GBP 
Sushiswap 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1014 
1Valour Sushiswap Physical Staking - GBP 
Sushiswap 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1015 
1Valour Sushiswap Physical - EUR 
Sushiswap 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1016 
1Valour Sushiswap Physical Staking - EUR 
Sushiswap 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1017 
1Valour Sushiswap Physical - SEK 
Sushiswap 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1018 
1Valour Sushiswap Physical Staking - SEK 
Sushiswap 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1019 
1Valour Sushiswap Physical - CHF 
Sushiswap 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1020 
1Valour Sushiswap Physical Staking - CHF 
Sushiswap 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1021 
1Valour Symbol Physical - USD 
Symbol 
USD 
US$[●] 
1022 
1Valour Symbol Physical Staking - USD 
Symbol 
USD 
US$[●]

--- Page 148 ---
145 
 
 
Short name of class of Individual Securities: 
Underlying 
Type: 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
1023 
1Valour Symbol Physical - GBP 
Symbol 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1024 
1Valour Symbol Physical Staking - GBP 
Symbol 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1025 
1Valour Symbol Physical - EUR 
Symbol 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1026 
1Valour Symbol Physical Staking - EUR 
Symbol 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1027 
1Valour Symbol Physical - SEK 
Symbol 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1028 
1Valour Symbol Physical Staking - SEK 
Symbol 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1029 
1Valour Symbol Physical - CHF 
Symbol 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1030 
1Valour Symbol Physical Staking - CHF 
Symbol 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1031 
1Valour Synthetix Physical - USD 
Synthetix 
USD 
US$[●] 
1032 
1Valour Synthetix Physical Staking - USD 
Synthetix 
USD 
US$[●] 
1033 
1Valour Synthetix Physical - GBP 
Synthetix 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1034 
1Valour Synthetix Physical Staking - GBP 
Synthetix 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1035 
1Valour Synthetix Physical - EUR 
Synthetix 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1036 
1Valour Synthetix Physical Staking - EUR 
Synthetix 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1037 
1Valour Synthetix Physical - SEK 
Synthetix 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1038 
1Valour Synthetix Physical Staking - SEK 
Synthetix 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1039 
1Valour Synthetix Physical - CHF 
Synthetix 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1040 
1Valour Synthetix Physical Staking - CHF 
Synthetix 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1041 
1Valour Tether Physical - USD 
Tether 
USD 
US$[●] 
1042 
1Valour Tether Physical Staking - USD 
Tether 
USD 
US$[●] 
1043 
1Valour Tether Physical - GBP 
Tether 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1044 
1Valour Tether Physical Staking - GBP 
Tether 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1045 
1Valour Tether Physical - EUR 
Tether 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1046 
1Valour Tether Physical Staking - EUR 
Tether 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1047 
1Valour Tether Physical - SEK 
Tether 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1048 
1Valour Tether Physical Staking - SEK 
Tether 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1049 
1Valour Tether Physical - CHF 
Tether 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1050 
1Valour Tether Physical Staking - CHF 
Tether 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1051 
1Valour Tezos Physical - USD 
Tezos 
USD 
US$[●] 
1052 
1Valour Tezos Physical Staking - USD 
Tezos 
USD 
US$[●] 
1053 
1Valour Tezos Physical - GBP 
Tezos 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1054 
1Valour Tezos Physical Staking - GBP 
Tezos 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1055 
1Valour Tezos Physical - EUR 
Tezos 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1056 
1Valour Tezos Physical Staking - EUR 
Tezos 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1057 
1Valour Tezos Physical - SEK 
Tezos 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1058 
1Valour Tezos Physical Staking - SEK 
Tezos 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1059 
1Valour Tezos Physical - CHF 
Tezos 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1060 
1Valour Tezos Physical Staking - CHF 
Tezos 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1061 
1Valour The Graph Physical - USD 
The Graph 
USD 
US$[●] 
1062 
1Valour The Graph Physical Staking - USD 
The Graph 
USD 
US$[●] 
1063 
1Valour The Graph Physical - GBP 
The Graph 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1064 
1Valour The Graph Physical Staking - GBP 
The Graph 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1065 
1Valour The Graph Physical - EUR 
The Graph 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1066 
1Valour The Graph Physical Staking - EUR 
The Graph 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1067 
1Valour The Graph Physical - SEK 
The Graph 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1068 
1Valour The Graph Physical Staking - SEK 
The Graph 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1069 
1Valour The Graph Physical - CHF 
The Graph 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1070 
1Valour The Graph Physical Staking - CHF 
The Graph 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1071 
1Valour The Sandbox Physical - USD 
The Sandbox 
USD 
US$[●] 
1072 
1Valour The Sandbox Physical Staking - USD 
The Sandbox 
USD 
US$[●] 
1073 
1Valour The Sandbox Physical - GBP 
The Sandbox 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1074 
1Valour The Sandbox Physical Staking - GBP 
The Sandbox 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1075 
1Valour The Sandbox Physical - EUR 
The Sandbox 
EUR 
US$[●]

--- Page 149 ---
146 
 
 
Short name of class of Individual Securities: 
Underlying 
Type: 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
1076 
1Valour The Sandbox Physical Staking - EUR 
The Sandbox 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1077 
1Valour The Sandbox Physical - SEK 
The Sandbox 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1078 
1Valour The Sandbox Physical Staking - SEK 
The Sandbox 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1079 
1Valour The Sandbox Physical - CHF 
The Sandbox 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1080 
1Valour The Sandbox Physical Staking - CHF 
The Sandbox 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1081 
1Valour Theta Fuel Physical - USD 
Theta Fuel 
USD 
US$[●] 
1082 
1Valour Theta Fuel Physical Staking - USD 
Theta Fuel 
USD 
US$[●] 
1083 
1Valour Theta Fuel Physical - GBP 
Theta Fuel 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1084 
1Valour Theta Fuel Physical Staking - GBP 
Theta Fuel 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1085 
1Valour Theta Fuel Physical - EUR 
Theta Fuel 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1086 
1Valour Theta Fuel Physical Staking - EUR 
Theta Fuel 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1087 
1Valour Theta Fuel Physical - SEK 
Theta Fuel 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1088 
1Valour Theta Fuel Physical Staking - SEK 
Theta Fuel 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1089 
1Valour Theta Fuel Physical - CHF 
Theta Fuel 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1090 
1Valour Theta Fuel Physical Staking - CHF 
Theta Fuel 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1091 
1Valour Theta Network Physical - USD 
Theta Network 
USD 
US$[●] 
1092 
1Valour Theta Network Physical Staking - USD 
Theta Network 
USD 
US$[●] 
1093 
1Valour Theta Network Physical - GBP 
Theta Network 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1094 
1Valour Theta Network Physical Staking - GBP 
Theta Network 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1095 
1Valour Theta Network Physical - EUR 
Theta Network 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1096 
1Valour Theta Network Physical Staking - EUR 
Theta Network 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1097 
1Valour Theta Network Physical - SEK 
Theta Network 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1098 
1Valour Theta Network Physical Staking - SEK 
Theta Network 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1099 
1Valour Theta Network Physical - CHF 
Theta Network 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1100 
1Valour Theta Network Physical Staking - CHF 
Theta Network 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1101 
1Valour THORChain Physical - USD 
THORChain 
USD 
US$[●] 
1102 
1Valour THORChain Physical Staking - USD 
THORChain 
USD 
US$[●] 
1103 
1Valour THORChain Physical - GBP 
THORChain 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1104 
1Valour THORChain Physical Staking - GBP 
THORChain 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1105 
1Valour THORChain Physical - EUR 
THORChain 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1106 
1Valour THORChain Physical Staking - EUR 
THORChain 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1107 
1Valour THORChain Physical - SEK 
THORChain 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1108 
1Valour THORChain Physical Staking - SEK 
THORChain 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1109 
1Valour THORChain Physical - CHF 
THORChain 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1110 
1Valour THORChain Physical Staking - CHF 
THORChain 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1111 
1Valour TRON Physical - USD 
TRON 
USD 
US$[●] 
1112 
1Valour TRON Physical Staking - USD 
TRON 
USD 
US$[●] 
1113 
1Valour TRON Physical - GBP 
TRON 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1114 
1Valour TRON Physical Staking - GBP 
TRON 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1115 
1Valour TRON Physical - EUR 
TRON 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1116 
1Valour TRON Physical Staking - EUR 
TRON 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1117 
1Valour TRON Physical - SEK 
TRON 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1118 
1Valour TRON Physical Staking - SEK 
TRON 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1119 
1Valour TRON Physical - CHF 
TRON 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1120 
1Valour TRON Physical Staking - CHF 
TRON 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1121 
1Valour Trust Wallet Token Physical - USD 
Trust Wallet 
Token 
USD 
US$[●] 
1122 
1Valour Trust Wallet Token Physical Staking - 
USD 
Trust Wallet 
Token 
USD 
US$[●] 
1123 
1Valour Trust Wallet Token Physical - GBP 
Trust Wallet 
Token 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1124 
1Valour Trust Wallet Token Physical Staking - 
GBP 
Trust Wallet 
Token 
GBP 
US$[●]

--- Page 150 ---
147 
 
 
Short name of class of Individual Securities: 
Underlying 
Type: 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
1125 
1Valour Trust Wallet Token Physical - EUR 
Trust Wallet 
Token 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1126 
1Valour Trust Wallet Token Physical Staking - 
EUR 
Trust Wallet 
Token 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1127 
1Valour Trust Wallet Token Physical - SEK 
Trust Wallet 
Token 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1128 
1Valour Trust Wallet Token Physical Staking - 
SEK 
Trust Wallet 
Token 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1129 
1Valour Trust Wallet Token Physical - CHF 
Trust Wallet 
Token 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1130 
1Valour Trust Wallet Token Physical Staking - 
CHF 
Trust Wallet 
Token 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1131 
1Valour Uniswap Physical - USD 
Uniswap 
USD 
US$[●] 
1132 
1Valour Uniswap Physical Staking - USD 
Uniswap 
USD 
US$[●] 
1133 
1Valour Uniswap Physical - GBP 
Uniswap 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1134 
1Valour Uniswap Physical Staking - GBP 
Uniswap 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1135 
1Valour Uniswap Physical - EUR 
Uniswap 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1136 
1Valour Uniswap Physical Staking - EUR 
Uniswap 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1137 
1Valour Uniswap Physical - SEK 
Uniswap 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1138 
1Valour Uniswap Physical Staking - SEK 
Uniswap 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1139 
1Valour Uniswap Physical - CHF 
Uniswap 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1140 
1Valour Uniswap Physical Staking - CHF 
Uniswap 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1141 
1Valour UNUS SED LEO Physical - USD 
UNUS SED LEO 
USD 
US$[●] 
1142 
1Valour UNUS SED LEO Physical Staking - 
USD 
UNUS SED LEO 
USD 
US$[●] 
1143 
1Valour UNUS SED LEO Physical - GBP 
UNUS SED LEO 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1144 
1Valour UNUS SED LEO Physical Staking - GBP 
UNUS SED LEO 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1145 
1Valour UNUS SED LEO Physical - EUR 
UNUS SED LEO 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1146 
1Valour UNUS SED LEO Physical Staking - 
EUR 
UNUS SED LEO 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1147 
1Valour UNUS SED LEO Physical - SEK 
UNUS SED LEO 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1148 
1Valour UNUS SED LEO Physical Staking - SEK 
UNUS SED LEO 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1149 
1Valour UNUS SED LEO Physical - CHF 
UNUS SED LEO 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1150 
1Valour UNUS SED LEO Physical Staking - CHF 
UNUS SED LEO 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1151 
1Valour USD Coin Physical - USD 
USD Coin 
USD 
US$[●] 
1152 
1Valour USD Coin Physical Staking - USD 
USD Coin 
USD 
US$[●] 
1153 
1Valour USD Coin Physical - GBP 
USD Coin 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1154 
1Valour USD Coin Physical Staking - GBP 
USD Coin 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1155 
1Valour USD Coin Physical - EUR 
USD Coin 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1156 
1Valour USD Coin Physical Staking - EUR 
USD Coin 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1157 
1Valour USD Coin Physical - SEK 
USD Coin 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1158 
1Valour USD Coin Physical Staking - SEK 
USD Coin 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1159 
1Valour USD Coin Physical - CHF 
USD Coin 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1160 
1Valour USD Coin Physical Staking - CHF 
USD Coin 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1161 
1Valour VeChain Physical - USD 
VeChain 
USD 
US$[●] 
1162 
1Valour VeChain Physical Staking - USD 
VeChain 
USD 
US$[●] 
1163 
1Valour VeChain Physical - GBP 
VeChain 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1164 
1Valour VeChain Physical Staking - GBP 
VeChain 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1165 
1Valour VeChain Physical - EUR 
VeChain 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1166 
1Valour VeChain Physical Staking - EUR 
VeChain 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1167 
1Valour VeChain Physical - SEK 
VeChain 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1168 
1Valour VeChain Physical Staking - SEK 
VeChain 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1169 
1Valour VeChain Physical - CHF 
VeChain 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1170 
1Valour VeChain Physical Staking - CHF 
VeChain 
CHF 
US$[●]

--- Page 151 ---
148 
 
 
Short name of class of Individual Securities: 
Underlying 
Type: 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
1171 
1Valour Waves Physical - USD 
Waves 
USD 
US$[●] 
1172 
1Valour Waves Physical Staking - USD 
Waves 
USD 
US$[●] 
1173 
1Valour Waves Physical - GBP 
Waves 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1174 
1Valour Waves Physical Staking - GBP 
Waves 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1175 
1Valour Waves Physical - EUR 
Waves 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1176 
1Valour Waves Physical Staking - EUR 
Waves 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1177 
1Valour Waves Physical - SEK 
Waves 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1178 
1Valour Waves Physical Staking - SEK 
Waves 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1179 
1Valour Waves Physical - CHF 
Waves 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1180 
1Valour Waves Physical Staking - CHF 
Waves 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1181 
1Valour WOO Network Physical - USD 
WOO Network 
USD 
US$[●] 
1182 
1Valour WOO Network Physical Staking - USD 
WOO Network 
USD 
US$[●] 
1183 
1Valour WOO Network Physical - GBP 
WOO Network 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1184 
1Valour WOO Network Physical Staking - GBP 
WOO Network 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1185 
1Valour WOO Network Physical - EUR 
WOO Network 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1186 
1Valour WOO Network Physical Staking - EUR 
WOO Network 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1187 
1Valour WOO Network Physical - SEK 
WOO Network 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1188 
1Valour WOO Network Physical Staking - SEK 
WOO Network 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1189 
1Valour WOO Network Physical - CHF 
WOO Network 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1190 
1Valour WOO Network Physical Staking - CHF 
WOO Network 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1191 
1Valour Wrapped Bitcoin Physical - USD 
Wrapped Bitcoin 
USD 
US$[●] 
1192 
1Valour Wrapped Bitcoin Physical Staking - USD 
Wrapped Bitcoin 
USD 
US$[●] 
1193 
1Valour Wrapped Bitcoin Physical - GBP 
Wrapped Bitcoin 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1194 
1Valour Wrapped Bitcoin Physical Staking - GBP 
Wrapped Bitcoin 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1195 
1Valour Wrapped Bitcoin Physical - EUR 
Wrapped Bitcoin 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1196 
1Valour Wrapped Bitcoin Physical Staking - EUR 
Wrapped Bitcoin 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1197 
1Valour Wrapped Bitcoin Physical - SEK 
Wrapped Bitcoin 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1198 
1Valour Wrapped Bitcoin Physical Staking - SEK 
Wrapped Bitcoin 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1199 
1Valour Wrapped Bitcoin Physical - CHF 
Wrapped Bitcoin 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1200 
1Valour Wrapped Bitcoin Physical Staking - CHF 
Wrapped Bitcoin 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1201 
1Valour XDC Network Physical - USD 
XDC Network 
USD 
US$[●] 
1202 
1Valour XDC Network Physical Staking - USD 
XDC Network 
USD 
US$[●] 
1203 
1Valour XDC Network Physical - GBP 
XDC Network 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1204 
1Valour XDC Network Physical Staking - GBP 
XDC Network 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1205 
1Valour XDC Network Physical - EUR 
XDC Network 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1206 
1Valour XDC Network Physical Staking - EUR 
XDC Network 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1207 
1Valour XDC Network Physical - SEK 
XDC Network 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1208 
1Valour XDC Network Physical Staking - SEK 
XDC Network 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1209 
1Valour XDC Network Physical - CHF 
XDC Network 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1210 
1Valour XDC Network Physical Staking - CHF 
XDC Network 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1211 
1Valour XRP Physical - USD 
XRP 
USD 
US$[●] 
1212 
1Valour XRP Physical Staking - USD 
XRP 
USD 
US$[●] 
1213 
1Valour XRP Physical - GBP 
XRP 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1214 
1Valour XRP Physical Staking - GBP 
XRP 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1215 
1Valour XRP Physical - EUR 
XRP 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1216 
1Valour XRP Physical Staking - EUR 
XRP 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1217 
1Valour XRP Physical - SEK 
XRP 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1218 
1Valour XRP Physical Staking - SEK 
XRP 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1219 
1Valour XRP Physical - CHF 
XRP 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1220 
1Valour XRP Physical Staking - CHF 
XRP 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1221 
1Valour yearn.finance Physical - USD 
yearn.finance 
USD 
US$[●] 
1222 
1Valour yearn.finance Physical Staking - USD 
yearn.finance 
USD 
US$[●] 
1223 
1Valour yearn.finance Physical - GBP 
yearn.finance 
GBP 
US$[●]

--- Page 152 ---
149 
 
 
Short name of class of Individual Securities: 
Underlying 
Type: 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
1224 
1Valour yearn.finance Physical Staking - GBP 
yearn.finance 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1225 
1Valour yearn.finance Physical - EUR 
yearn.finance 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1226 
1Valour yearn.finance Physical Staking - EUR 
yearn.finance 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1227 
1Valour yearn.finance Physical - SEK 
yearn.finance 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1228 
1Valour yearn.finance Physical Staking - SEK 
yearn.finance 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1229 
1Valour yearn.finance Physical - CHF 
yearn.finance 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1230 
1Valour yearn.finance Physical Staking - CHF 
yearn.finance 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1231 
1Valour Zilliqa Physical - USD 
Zilliqa 
USD 
US$[●] 
1232 
1Valour yearn.finance Physical Staking - USD 
Zilliqa 
USD 
US$[●] 
1233 
1Valour Zilliqa - GBP 
Zilliqa 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1234 
1Valour Staking Zilliqa - GBP 
Zilliqa 
GBP 
US$[●] 
1235 
1Valour Zilliqa - EUR 
Zilliqa 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1236 
1Valour Staking Zilliqa - EUR 
Zilliqa 
EUR 
US$[●] 
1237 
1Valour Zilliqa - SEK 
Zilliqa 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1238 
1Valour Staking Zilliqa - SEK 
Zilliqa 
SEK 
US$[●] 
1239 
1Valour Zilliqa - CHF 
Zilliqa 
CHF 
US$[●] 
1240 
1Valour Staking Zilliqa - CHF 
Zilliqa 
CHF 
US$[●] 
 
Part B – Classes of Basket Securities 
 
Short name of class of Basket Securities: 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
1 
1Valour Basket Securities Physical – USD 
USD 
US$[●] 
2 
1Valour Basket Securities Physical – EUR 
EUR 
US$[●] 
3 
1Valour Basket Securities Physical – CHF 
CHF 
US$[●] 
4 
1Valour Basket Securities Physical – GBP 
GBP 
US$[●] 
 
 
Part C – Classes of Index Securities 
 
Short name of class of Index 
Securities: 
Index 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
1 
1Valour Digital Asset Basket 10 
Physical - USD 
Vinter Valour Digital Asset Basket 
10 Index 
USD 
US$[●] 
2 
1Valour Digital Asset Basket 10 
Physical - EUR 
Vinter Valour Digital Asset Basket 
10 Index 
EUR 
US$[●] 
3 
1Valour Digital Asset Basket 10 
Physical - CHF 
Vinter Valour Digital Asset Basket 
10 Index 
CHF 
US$[●] 
4 
1Valour Digital Asset Basket 10 
Physical - GBP 
Vinter Valour Digital Asset Basket 
10 Index 
GBP 
US$[●] 
5 
1Valour DEFI10 Physical - USD 
Vinter Valour DEFI10 Index 
USD 
US$[●] 
6 
1Valour DEFI10 Physical - EUR 
Vinter Valour DEFI10 Index 
EUR 
US$[●] 
7 
1Valour DEFI10 Physical - CHF 
Vinter Valour DEFI10 Index 
CHF 
US$[●] 
8 
1Valour DEFI10 Physical - GBP 
Vinter Valour DEFI10 Index 
GBP 
US$[●]

--- Page 153 ---
150 
 
 
Short name of class of Index 
Securities: 
Index 
Settlement 
Currency: 
Principal 
Amount:  
9 
1Valour Metaverse Physical - USD 
Vinter Valour Metaverse Index 
USD 
US$[●] 
10 
1Valour Metaverse Physical - EUR 
Vinter Valour Metaverse Index 
EUR 
US$[●] 
11 
1Valour Metaverse Physical - CHF 
Vinter Valour Metaverse Index 
CHF 
US$[●] 
12 
1Valour Metaverse Physical - GBP 
Vinter Valour Metaverse Index 
GBP 
US$[●] 
13 
1Valour Dollar Yield Physical - 
USD 
Vinter Valour Dollar Yield index 
USD 
US$[●] 
14 
1Valour Dollar Yield Physical - 
EUR 
Vinter Valour Dollar Yield index 
EUR 
US$[●] 
15 
1Valour Dollar Yield Physical - 
CHF 
Vinter Valour Dollar Yield index 
CHF 
US$[●] 
16 
1Valour Dollar Yield Physical - 
GBP 
Vinter Valour Dollar Yield index 
GBP 
US$[●] 
 
Definitions 
In the Class Schedule and in any Final Terms, the following terms have the following meanings:  
“Bitcoin” means the Digital Currency known as Bitcoin (BTC); 
“Ethereum” means the Digital Currency known as Ethereum (ETH); 
“0x” means the Digital Currency known as 0x (ZRX); 
“1inch Network” means the Digital Currency known as 1inch Network (1INCH); 
“Aave” means the Digital Currency known as Aave (AAVE); 
“Algorand” means the Digital Currency known as Algorand (ALGO); 
“Amp” means the Digital Currency known as Amp (AMP); 
“Ankr” means the Digital Currency known as Ankr (ANKR); 
“ApeCoin” means the Digital Currency known as ApeCoin (APE); 
“Arweave” means the Digital Currency known as Arweave (AR); 
“Audius” means the Digital Currency known as Audius (AUDIO); 
“Avalanche” means the Digital Currency known as Avalanche (AVAX); 
“Axie Infinity” means the Digital Currency known as Axie Infinity (AXS); 
“Balancer” means the Digital Currency known as Balancer (BAL); 
“Basic Attention Token” means the Digital Currency known as Basic Attention Token (BAT); 
“Binance USD” means the Digital Currency known as Binance USD (BUSD);

--- Page 154 ---
151 
 
“Bitcoin Cash” means the Digital Currency known as Bitcoin Cash (BCH); 
“Bitcoin Gold” means the Digital Currency known as Bitcoin Gold (BTG); 
“Bitcoin Standard Hashrate Token” means the Digital Currency known as Bitcoin Standard Hashrate 
Token (BTCST); 
“Bitcoin SV” means the Digital Currency known as Bitcoin SV (BSV); 
“Blur” means the Digital Currency known as Blur (BLUR); 
“BNB” means the Digital Currency known as BNB (BNB); 
“BORA” means the Digital Currency known as BORA (BORA); 
“Casper” means the Digital Currency known as Casper (CSPR);  
“Cardano” means the Digital Currency known as Cardano (ADA); 
“Celo” means the Digital Currency known as Celo (CELO); 
“Celsius” means the Digital Currency known as Celsius (CEL); 
“Chainlink” means the Digital Currency known as Chainlink (LINK); 
“Chia” means the Digital Currency known as Chia (XCH); 
“Chiliz” means the Digital Currency known as Chiliz (CHZ); 
“Compound” means the Digital Currency known as Compound (COMP); 
“Conflux” means the Digital Currency known as Conflux (CFX); 
“Convex Finance” means the Digital Currency known as Convex Finance (CVX); 
“Cosmos” means the Digital Currency known as Cosmos (ATOM); 
“Cronos” means the Digital Currency known as Cronos (CRO); 
“Curve DAO Token” means the Digital Currency known as Curve DAO Token (CRV); 
“Decentraland” means the Digital Currency known as Decentraland (MANA); 
“Dogecoin” means the Digital Currency known as Dogecoin (DOGE); 
“Enjin Coin” means the Digital Currency known as Enjin Coin (ENJ); 
“EOS” means the Digital Currency known as EOS (EOS); 
“Ethereum Classic” means the Digital Currency known as Ethereum Classic (ETC); 
“Ethereum Name Service” means the Digital Currency known as Ethereum Name Service (ENS); 
“Fantom” means the Digital Currency known as Fantom (FTM); 
“Fetch.ai” means the Digital Currency known as Fetch.ai (FET);

--- Page 155 ---
152 
 
“Filecoin” means the Digital Currency known as Filecoin (FIL); 
“Flare” means the Digital Currency known as Flare (FLR); 
“Flow” means the Digital Currency known as Flow (FLOW); 
“Gala” means the Digital Currency known as Gala (GALA); 
“GateToken” means the Digital Currency known as GateToken (GT); 
“GMX” means the Digital Currency known as GMX (GMX); 
“Gnosis” means the Digital Currency known as Gnosis (GNO); 
“Golem” means the Digital Currency known as Golem (GLM); 
“Harmony” means the Digital Currency known as Harmony (ONE); 
“Hedera” means the Digital Currency known as Hedera (HBAR); 
“Helium” means the Digital Currency known as Helium (HNT); 
“Holo” means the Digital Currency known as Holo (HOT); 
“Huobi Token” means the Digital Currency known as Huobi Token (HT); 
“ICON” means the Digital Currency known as ICON (ICX); 
“ImmutableX” means the Digital Currency known as ImmutableX (IMX); 
“Injective” means the Digital Currency known as Injective (INJ); 
“Internet Computer” means the Digital Currency known as Internet Computer (ICP); 
“IOST” means the Digital Currency known as IOST (IOST); 
“IOTA” means the Digital Currency known as IOTA (MIOTA); 
“IoTeX” means the Digital Currency known as IoTeX (IOTX); 
“JUST” means the Digital Currency known as JUST (JST); 
“Kadena” means the Digital Currency known as Kadena (KDA); 
“Kava” means the Digital Currency known as Kava (KAVA); 
“Klaytn” means the Digital Currency known as Klaytn (KLAY); 
“KuCoin Token” means the Digital Currency known as KuCoin Token (KCS); 
“Kusama” means the Digital Currency known as Kusama (KSM); 
“Kyber Network Crystal v2” means the Digital Currency known as Kyber Network Crystal v2 (KNC); 
“Lido DAO” means the Digital Currency known as Lido DAO (LDO); 
“LINK” means the Digital Currency known as LINK (LN);

--- Page 156 ---
153 
 
“Litecoin” means the Digital Currency known as Litecoin (LTC); 
“Livepeer” means the Digital Currency known as Livepeer (LPT); 
“Loopring” means the Digital Currency known as Loopring (LRC); 
“MAGIC” means the Digital Currency known as MAGIC (MAGIC); 
“Maker” means the Digital Currency known as Maker (MKR); 
“Mina” means the Digital Currency known as Mina (MINA); 
“MultiversX” means the Digital Currency known as MultiversX (EGLD); 
“NEAR Protocol” means the Digital Currency known as NEAR Protocol (NEAR); 
“NEM” means the Digital Currency known as NEM (XEM); 
“Neo” means the Digital Currency known as Neo (NEO); 
“Nexo” means the Digital Currency known as Nexo (NEXO); 
“OKB” means the Digital Currency known as OKB (OKB); 
“OMG Network” means the Digital Currency known as OMG Network (OMG); 
“Optimism” means the Digital Currency known as Optimism (OP); 
“PancakeSwap” means the Digital Currency known as PancakeSwap (CAKE); 
“Pax Dollar” means the Digital Currency known as Pax Dollar (USDP); 
“Polkadot” means the Digital Currency known as Polkadot (DOT); 
“Polygon” means the Digital Currency known as Polygon (MATIC); 
“Qtum” means the Digital Currency known as Qtum (QTUM); 
“Quant” means the Digital Currency known as Quant (QNT); 
“Ravencoin” means the Digital Currency known as Ravencoin (RVN); 
“Render Token” means the Digital Currency known as Render Token (RNDR); 
“Shiba Inu” means the Digital Currency known as Shiba Inu (SHIB); 
“SingularityNET” means the Digital Currency known as SingularityNET (AGIX); 
“Solana” means the Digital Currency known as Solana (SOL); 
“Stacks” means the Digital Currency known as Stacks (STX); 
“Stellar” means the Digital Currency known as Stellar (XLM); 
“STEPN” means the Digital Currency known as STEPN (GMT); 
“SushiSwap” means the Digital Currency known as SushiSwap (SUSHI);

--- Page 157 ---
154 
 
“Symbol” means the Digital Currency known as Symbol (SYM); 
“Synthetix” means the Digital Currency known as Synthetix (SNX); 
“Tether” means the Digital Currency known as Tether (USDT); 
“Tezos” means the Digital Currency known as Tezos (XTZ); 
“The Graph” means the Digital Currency known as The Graph (GRT); 
“The Sandbox” means the Digital Currency known as The Sandbox (SAND); 
“Theta Fuel” means the Digital Currency known as Theta Fuel (TFUEL); 
“Theta Network” means the Digital Currency known as Theta Network (THETA); 
“THORChain” means the Digital Currency known as THORChain (RUNE); 
“TRON” means the Digital Currency known as TRON (TRX); 
“Trust Wallet Token” means the Digital Currency known as Trust Wallet Token (TWT); 
“Uniswap” means the Digital Currency known as Uniswap (UNI); 
“UNUS SED LEO” means the Digital Currency known as UNUS SED LEO (LEO); 
“USD Coin” means the Digital Currency known as USD Coin (USDC); 
“VeChain” means the Digital Currency known as VeChain (VET); 
“Waves” means the Digital Currency known as Waves (WAVES); 
“WOO Network” means the Digital Currency known as WOO Network (WOO); 
“Wrapped Bitcoin” means the Digital Currency known as Wrapped Bitcoin (WBTC); 
“XDC Network” means the Digital Currency known as XDC Network (XDC); 
“XRP” means the Digital Currency known as XRP (XRP); 
“yearn.finance” means the Digital Currency known as yearn.finance (YFI); and 
“Zilliqa” means the Digital Currency known as Zilliqa (ZIL).

--- Page 158 ---
155 
 
ANNEX 1 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
Pro Forma Final Terms for an issue by Valour Digital Securities Limited under the Programme for the 
Issue of Digital Securities 
FINAL TERMS 
Dated [●] 20[●] 
Valour Digital Securities Limited 
(Incorporated and registered in Jersey under the Companies 
(Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) with registered number 144021) 
LEI: 9845007E2COKE69C9J55  
Exchange Traded Products Programme for the issue of 
 
Digital Securities 
 
Terms used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Prospectus dated 5 April 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] (the "Prospectus") 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Digital Securities described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus (and any 
supplement thereto). 
 
These Final Terms relate to the issue of Digital Securities of Valour Digital Securities Limited (the 
“Issuer”). The Digital Securities have the terms provided for in the trust instrument dated on or about 
5 April 2023 as may be amended and supplemented by trust instruments supplemental thereto between 
the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as trustee constituting the Digital Securities. 
Terms used in these Final Terms bear the same meaning as in the Base Prospectus. 
 
Full information on the Issuer and the Digital Securities is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus (together with any supplement 
thereto) is available on the website of the Issuer at www.valour.com. 
 
The Digital Securities are not shares or units in collective investment schemes within the meaning of 
Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006 (“CISA”). They have not been approved by 
the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA and are not subject to its supervision. The 
Digital Securities are not issued or guaranteed by a supervised financial intermediary within the meaning 
of CISA. 
 
[The Digital Securities are listed according to the Exchange Traded Product (ETP) Regulatory Standard 
of the SIX Swiss Exchange. The attention of the investors is drawn to the fact that, while the Issuer 
intends to maintain such listing, a delisting in accordance with the rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange can 
never be excluded and that therefore no assurance can be given that such listing at SIX Swiss Exchange 
will be maintained under any circumstances such as a material change of the regulatory characterisation 
of the product.] 
 
[Additional sales restrictions to be added, as appropriate]

--- Page 159 ---
156 
 
The Conditions, the Digital Securities and the Trust Instrument are governed by the laws of Jersey. The 
Security Deed is governed by the laws of England. Notwithstanding the submission to the jurisdiction 
of the English courts contained in the Security Deed, nothing prevents the Trustee from commencing 
proceedings in any other competent jurisdiction. 
 
These Final Terms relate to an issue of Digital Securities issued as Uncertificated Registered Securities.  
 
The particulars in relation to this issue of Digital Securities are as follows:  
 
Class [and Tranche] of Digital 
Securities to which these Final 
Terms relate: 
[●] 
Security codes: 
ISIN: [●] 
CFI: 
[●] 
EUSIPA: 
[●] 
FISN 
[●] 
Swiss Valoren Number: [●]/[Not applicable] 
Settlement Currency: 
[Swedish Kronor (“SEK”) / Euro (“EUR”) / United States 
dollars (“USD”) / Swiss franc (“CHF”)/ [●]] (the “Settlement 
Currency”). 
Principal Amount: 
[●] 
Issue Price: 
[●]/[See Digital Asset Entitlement below] 
Aggregate 
Number 
of 
Digital 
Securities to which these Final 
Terms relate: 
[●] 
Issue date: 
[●] 
 
 
Type of exposure to the Digital 
Asset(s): 
[Single Digital Asset] / [Basket of Digital Assets] / [Index]. 
Single Digital Asset: 
[Not applicable] / [Insert Name of relevant Digital Asset from 
the list of eligible Digital Assets in the Base Prospectus] (the 
“Digital Asset”). 
Basket of Digital Assets: 
[Not applicable] / [A basket consisting of the following Digital 
Assets (each a “Digital Asset” and, collectively, the “Basket 
of Digital Assets”) with the following weights at the time of 
issuance: 
Digital Asset 
Weight 
[Insert Name of relevant 
Digital Asset from the list of 
eligible Digital Assets in the 
Base Prospectus] 
[●]

--- Page 160 ---
157 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Repeat as required) 
(Repeat as required) 
Index: 
[Not applicable] / [The Index: [●] 
Benchmark Administrator: [●] 
Index administrator: [The Benchmark Administrator]/[[●], 
which is included in the register of administrators pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011.] 
Information in respect of the Index is available, free of charge, 
at [https://vinter.co/valour]/[insert website(s) where the 
identified 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
post 
the 
Index 
Methodology and performance metrics are made available].] 
Information about the past and 
further 
performance 
of 
the 
Underlying Asset and its volatility 
can be obtained, free of charge, 
from: 
[Include type of Underlying Asset and details of where 
information about the past and future performance of the 
underlying asset and its volatility can be obtained, free of 
charge.] 
 
 
Digital 
Asset 
Entitlement 
per 
Digital Security at issue date: 
[●] 
Annual Management Fee Rate: 
[●] 
Staking: 
[Not applicable]/[Applicable] 
Entitlement Precision Level: 
[●] decimal places rounded [downwards] 
Delivery Precision Level: 
[●] decimal places rounded [downwards] 
 
 
Form of Digital Securities: 
[Uncertificated Registered Securities]/[CREST]/[●] 
Relevant Clearing System: 
[●] 
Relevant Stock Exchange: 
[●] 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application [has been/will be] made for the Digital Securities 
to which these Final Terms apply to be [listed and] admitted 
to trading on the [regulated market]/[multilateral trading 
facility] of [●] in [Austria] / [Belgium] / [Croatia] / [Czech 
Republic] / [Denmark] / [Finland] /  [France] / [Germany] / 
[Hungary] / [Ireland] / [Italy] / [Liechtenstein] / [Luxembourg] 
/ [the Netherlands] / [Norway] / [Malta] / [Poland] / [Portugal] 
/ [Romania] / [Slovakia] / [Spain] /[and] /[Sweden] [and] 
[Switzerland] [and] [other]. If such application is successful,

--- Page 161 ---
158 
 
the first date of trading in the Digital Securities on said market 
is expected to be [●].] / [Not Applicable] 
Market Maker: 
[●]/ [Not Applicable] 
Minimum Trading Lot: 
[●] 
 
 
Minimum Investment Amount: 
[●]/[See Digital Asset Entitlement above] 
Interests of natural and legal persons 
involved in the issue: 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer 
of the Digital Securities has an interest material to the offer] / 
[give details] 
Reasons for the offer and use of 
proceeds: 
[As stated in the Prospectus] / [Specify]. 
Costs associated with issuance: 
[●]/[Not applicable]. 
 
 
Distribution: 
[Not Applicable] / [An offer of the Digital Securities may be 
made by the Authorised Participants other than pursuant to 
Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in [specify relevant 
Member State(s) to which the Base Prospectus and any 
supplements have been passported] (Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction[s]) during the Offer Period. See further “Terms 
and Conditions of the Offer” below.] 
ECB eligibility: 
The Digital Securities are [not] expected to be ECB eligible. 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price]/[Not applicable]/[specify] 
Offer Period: 
[specify] 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
Offers of the Digital Securities are conditional upon their issue 
and, as between the Authorised Participant(s) and their 
customers, any further conditions as may be agreed between 
them 
Description 
of 
the 
application 
process: 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
Description of the possibility to 
reduce subscriptions and manner for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application 
[Not Applicable] / [give details]

--- Page 162 ---
159 
 
Details of the method and time 
limited for paying up and delivery 
of the Digital Securities 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
Manner in and date on which results 
of the offer are made available to the 
public 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
Procedure for exercise of any right 
of pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
Whether tranche(s) 
have 
been 
reserved 
for 
certain 
countries/categories of investors 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
Process 
for 
notification 
to 
applicants of the amount allotted 
and the indication whether dealing 
may begin before notification is 
made 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
Name and address of financial 
intermediary/ies authorised to use 
the Base Prospectus, as completed 
by 
these 
Final 
Terms 
(the 
“Authorised Participant[s]”) 
[•] [and] [each Authorised Participant expressly named as an 
Authorised 
Participant 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(www.valour.com). 
 
 
______________________________________ 
 
Signed on behalf of 
Valour Digital Securities Limited 
 
________________ 
_______________

--- Page 163 ---
160 
 
ANNEX TO FINAL TERMS – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
 
[Issue specific summary of the Digital Securities to be inserted if (i) the Digital Securities are to be listed on a 
regulated market in the EEA or (ii) offered to the public in a member state of the EEA] 
 
________________

--- Page 164 ---
161 
 
 
PART 7 
PARTICULARS OF THE SECURITY DEED 
 
The Issuer and the Trustee have entered into the Security Deed dated on or about 5 April 2023, creating 
first-ranking floating charges over the Secured Property attributable to each class of Digital Securities 
for the benefit of the Trustee and the Security Holders of the Digital Securities of that class. 
The particulars of the Security Deed as set out below are taken from the Security Deed and are, therefore, 
drafted in legal language. Certain terms used below are defined in the Security Deed. Detail on how the 
provisions of the Security Deed impact upon Security Holders is contained throughout this Prospectus 
including under the headings “Security Structure” in Part 1 (General) and “Security Structure” in Part 4 
(Description of the Digital Securities). 
The Security Deed contains, inter alia, provisions to the following effect: 
1. 
Charge  
a) Charge: The Issuer, as continuing security for the payment or discharge of all sums owing by 
the Issuer to the Trustee or the Security Holders from time to time under the applicable class of 
Digital Securities, the Trust Instrument or the Security Deed (the “Secured Liabilities”), with 
full title guarantee charges by way of first-ranking floating charge to the Trustee for the benefit 
of the Secured Creditors over all the Issuer’s rights, title and interest, present and future, in and 
to the relevant Secured Property, provided that if at any time the then outstanding Secured 
Liabilities shall be irrevocably and unconditionally paid to and received by the Trustee in full, 
the Trustee shall at the request and cost of the Issuer release or discharge the Secured Property 
from the Security. Notwithstanding the provisions of the Security Deed, the Issuer may enter 
into Staking Transactions in accordance with the Conditions. 
b) Assignment by way of Security: The Issuer, as further security for payment or discharge of the 
Secured Liabilities, assigns and agrees to assign to the Trustee for the benefit of the Secured 
Creditors by way of security with full title guarantee all its present and future rights, title and 
interest in the Custody Agreement to the extent it relates to the Relevant Pool. 
2. 
Enforcement 
a) The Security created by the Security Deed shall become enforceable if (and only if) (a) a 
Delivery Default has occurred and is continuing, or (b) an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred 
and is continuing, or (c) an Agency Agreement Default has occurred and is continuing, (in each 
case unless waived in accordance with the Conditions). 
b) In addition to any of the powers conferred on the Trustee pursuant to the Trust Instrument with 
respect to the Secured Property: 
(i) 
after the occurrence of a Delivery Default, the Trustee at any time (1) may 
at its discretion, or (2) shall, if so directed in writing by one or more 
Security Holders holding the Digital Security or Digital Securities to which 
such Delivery Default relates, the Trustee having first been indemnified 
and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction, take such proceedings 
and/or other action or steps as it may think fit against or in relation to the 
Issuer to enforce any such obligation of the Issuer under the Trust 
Instrument and the security constituted by the Security Deed in respect of 
the Digital Securities to which such Delivery Default relates.

--- Page 165 ---
162 
 
(ii) 
if an Issuer Insolvency Event or an Agency Agreement Default has 
occurred and is continuing, the Trustee at any time (1) may at its discretion, 
or (2) shall if so directed in writing by Security Holders holding not less 
than 25 per cent. by Principal Amount of the affected Digital Securities (as 
a whole) then outstanding or an Extraordinary Resolution of the Security 
Holders holding affected Digital Securities (as a single resolution of the 
holders of all affected Digital Securities as though such affected Digital 
Securities constituted a single class), the Trustee having first been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction, take such 
proceedings and/or other action or steps as it may think fit against or in 
relation to the Issuer to enforce any obligations of the Issuer under the Trust 
Instrument and the security constituted by the Security Deed in respect of 
all outstanding affected Digital Securities and for this purpose (and for the 
purposes of paragraph (c)) “affected Digital Securities” means, in the 
context of an Issuer Insolvency Event, all of them, and, in the context of 
an Agency Agreement Default, those Digital Securities that are attributable 
to the Pool or Pools to which the relevant Agency Agreement relates. 
The Security Deed relates separately to each Pool and accordingly the Trustee may exercise its 
powers referred to above in respect of one or more Pools and need not do so, or do so 
simultaneously, in respect of all Pools. 
c) If an Issuer Insolvency Event or an Agency Agreement Default is occurring at the same time as 
a Delivery Default, a Security Holder holding affected Digital Securities to which such Delivery 
Default relates will not be entitled to require the Trustee to take action as described in 
paragraph (b)(i) until the expiry of 30 calendar days from the occurrence of the Issuer 
Insolvency Event and/or Agency Agreement Default (as notified to Security Holders by the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 27(Notices)), nor shall such Security Holder be so entitled 
if, during such period of 30 calendar days, the Trustee has elected, or been required, to take 
action as described in paragraph (b)(ii). 
3. 
Governing Law 
The Security Deed is governed by the laws of England. The courts of England are to have jurisdiction 
to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Security Deed (including any 
proceedings relating to obligations arising out of or in connection therewith) and, accordingly, any suit, 
action or proceedings (together referred to as “Proceedings”) arising out of or in connection with the 
Security Deed (including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection therewith) may be brought in such courts. Notwithstanding the submission to the 
jurisdiction of the English courts contained in the Security Deed, nothing prevents the Trustee from 
commencing proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction.

--- Page 166 ---
163 
 
  
PART 8 
CUSTODY AND THE CUSTODY AGREEMENTS 
Digital Assets, which are the reference assets for the Digital Securities, represent both novel 
technologies as well as new asset classes. As a result, they may include risks that investors 
generally do not expect from other types of assets and commodities, including (but not limited to), 
risks relating to the loss of the underlying asset held by the Custodians. The recovery of such assets 
if lost due to hacking or fraud may be exacerbated by the lack of a central intermediary, the 
anonymity of Digital Asset accounts and the immutability of the decentralized databases (known 
as distributed ledgers) which record ownership. The Digital Securities and the underlying assets 
in respect of the Digital Securities should therefore be considered to be highly speculative and 
involve a high degree of risk, including the risk of a total loss of all capital invested. See further 
the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors”. 
The Issuer will store the Digital Assets in the proprietary, multi-wallet technological platform operated 
by the Custodians. 
The solution is based on a hardware security module which, whilst connected to the internet, operates 
through a combination of hardware security, cryptographic encryption and governance to achieve the 
same security characteristics as a cold storage model. 
It leverages the following cryptographic technologies and elements of secured hardware: 
● HSM (hardware security modules) to form and store private keys securely in isolation. The 
HSM also uses those keys to sign and approve transactions. The HSM security has been 
reinforced by custom business logic (the BOLOS firmware). 
● Secure offline key generation, to generate all client private keys, encryption keys and individual 
user ID keys, using secure hardware leveraging secure element chips and AIS31 TRNG (true 
random number generators). 
● Vault customer instructions to sign transactions have to comply with the governance rules by 
the vault customer to be executed. The governance rules are also protected by the HSM. 
● Vault customer instructions to the HSM can only be sent via cryptographically secure channels. 
The secure channels are created by Personal Security Devices (PSDs) designed and 
manufactured by the platform provider which contain best of class secure elements and also run 
a specific version of the platform provider’s proprietary operating system BOLOS. 
● The authenticity and integrity of each platform component (HSM and PSD) is ensured by a 
cryptographic “root of trust” attestation system based on the platform provider’s issuance of 
certificates. 
● During onboarding customers independently create a back-up system managed by 3 different 
individuals (none of which should have access to the full back-up and whose identity remains 
undisclosed for security reasons). This back-up can be used by customers to independently 
recover all their private keys in case of inaccessibility of the Vault platform. 
The Custodians may make such insurance arrangements from time to time in connection with their 
respective custodial obligations to store such Digital Assets held in the Secured Wallets as each 
considers appropriate. The Custodians have no obligation to insure such Digital Assets against loss, 
theft or damage and the Issuer does not intend to insure against such risks. The Custodians shall be 
responsible for all costs, fees and expenses in relation thereto.

--- Page 167 ---
164 
 
The Trustee is not responsible for ensuring that adequate insurance arrangements have been made, or 
for insuring the Digital Assets held in the Secured Wallets and shall not be required to make any enquiry 
regarding such matters. 
Each of the Custodians has agreed to charge a fee for its services under the Custody Agreement based 
on the aggregate amount of Digital Assets held in the relevant Secured Wallets, calculated daily and 
payable monthly or quarterly in arrears. The Custody Agreements have a fixed initial term, in the case 
of Komainu (Jersey) Limited of three (3) years and in the case of Copper Technologies (Switzerland) 
AG of thirty (30) months (the “Initial Term”) provided that during such period either the Issuer or the 
Custodian may terminate the Agreement by three (3) months’ prior written notice in certain specified 
circumstances (or immediately in certain specified circumstances). Following the Initial Term, the 
Custody Agreement automatically renews for additional periods of one (1) year (each a “Renewal 
Term”) until terminated by either the Issuer or the relevant Custodian by giving not less than 90 days’ 
written notice provided that during any such Renewal Term either the Issuer or the Custodian may 
terminate the Agreement by giving notice with immediate effect in certain specified circumstances. 
The Custodians 
The Custodians will be responsible for the safekeeping of the Digital Assets held in the Secured Wallets. 
The Custodians and/or their respective affiliates may from time to time purchase or sell Digital 
Securities for their own account, as agent for their customers and for accounts over which they exercise 
investment discretion. 
Each of the Custody Agreements contains provisions limiting the liability of the Custodian and 
indemnities in favour of the Custodian in certain circumstances. The Custodians do not warrant the 
contents of this Prospectus, nor are they involved in the management, administration or net asset value 
calculation of the Digital Securities. 
The Secured Wallets - Komainu 
The Custodian will maintain the Secured Wallets, comprising a Subscription and Redemption Wallet 
and a Long-term Wallet. The Secured Wallets will be established and maintained under the Komainu 
master wallet custody solution. The Subscription and Redemption Wallets will hold sufficient Digital 
Asset to provide liquidity for creations and redemptions. The Long-Term Storage Wallet will hold all 
Security in excess of that required to ensure liquidity for creations and redemptions. The Secured 
Wallets will be subject to security protocols as agreed between the Issuer and the Custodian. The 
Security Protocols are confidential and are designed to limit access to and control over the Wallets to a 
pre-identified number of employees of the Issuer, the Administrator and the Custodian, to create secure 
processes for withdrawals from the Secured Wallets and to pre-authorise (and therefore) limit the wallets 
to which Digital Assets may be transferred from the Secured Wallets. The Long-Term Storage Wallet 
will be subject to enhanced security protocols to provide additional security. ensure only a of Secured 
Metal Accounts have been established pursuant to the terms of the Custody Agreements. The Custodians 
will provide reports by secure e-mail to the Issuer by the close of each Business Day (only if there have 
been any changes). The Custodians retain the right to reverse recording errors with retrospective effect. 
The Custodian acknowledges that, pursuant to the Security Deed, the Issuer has assigned by way of 
security to the Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Creditors all its rights, title and interest, present 
and future, in and to all Digital Assets credited to the Secured Wallets and all the rights of the Issuer in 
respect of the Secured Wallets. 
Notice of an intended deposit into the relevant Secured Wallet must be given by the Issuer to the 
Custodian no later than 3.00 p.m. (London time) one Business Day prior to which the Issuer wishes the 
Custodian to credit to the Subscription and Redemption Wallet. In the event the Digital Asset held in 
the Secured Wallet exceeds the liquidity requirements for the Subscription and Redemption Wallet, the

--- Page 168 ---
165 
 
Issuer will effect the transfer of Digital Assets from the Subscription and Redemption Wallet to the 
Long-Term Storage Wallet on the day of receipt. 
Withdrawals from the Long-Term Storage Wallet will only be made into the Subscription and 
Redemption Wallet and will be subject to the confidential security protocols agreed by the Issuer and 
the Custodian. Withdrawals from the Subscription and Redemption Wallet will only be made into 
wallets that have been pre-authorised by the Issuer (so-called white listed wallets) and will be subject to 
the confidential security protocols agreed by the Issuer and the Custodian.

--- Page 169 ---
166 
 
PART 9 
TAXATION 
 
Prospective investors should be aware that the acquisition, holding, transfer or disposal of the Digital 
Securities, and/or receipt of payments under Digital Securities may result in tax consequences to any 
investor, which may arise in, but are not limited to, the jurisdiction of the Issuer or the jurisdiction 
of residence, domicile, citizenship or incorporation of the relevant investor. Prospective investors 
should consult their own professional advisers concerning such possible tax consequences. 
 
The summaries below are not intended to constitute a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating 
to the ownership of Digital Securities and the Issuer has only investigated the tax position in the 
jurisdictions set out below. Prospective security holders should consult their own tax advisers 
concerning the consequences of their own particular situation. 
 
GENERAL 
 
The tax legislation of the investor’s jurisdiction and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have 
an impact on the income received from the securities. Every investor must investigate individually 
whether or not tax consequences may occur in their respective country. 
 
TAXATION IN JERSEY 
 
The following paragraphs summarise certain aspects of the Jersey taxation treatment of holding Digital 
Securities. The statements are intended only as a general guide. 
 
Income tax 
 
The Issuer will be regarded as resident in Jersey under the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961 (as amended) 
(the “Jersey Income Tax Law”) but (being neither a financial services company a specified utility 
company, a large corporate retailer nor in the trade of importing into Jersey and/or supplying in Jersey 
hydrocarbon oil under the Jersey Income Tax Law at the date of this Prospectus) will (except as noted 
below) be subject to Jersey income tax at a rate of 0 per cent. Security Holders (other than residents of 
Jersey) should not be subject to any tax in Jersey in respect of the holding, sale, redemption or other 
disposition of Digital Securities. Redemption payments (other than to residents of Jersey) will not be 
subject to withholding for or on account of Jersey tax. 
 
Stamp Duty 
 
Under current Jersey law, there are no death or estate duties, capital gains, gift, wealth, inheritance or 
capital transfer taxes. No stamp duty is levied in Jersey on the issue, transfer, acquisition, ownership, 
redemption, sale or other disposal of Digital Securities. In the event of the death of an individual sole 
holder of Digital Securities, duty at rates of up to 0.75 per cent. of the value of the Digital Securities 
held, subject to a cap of £100,000, may be payable on registration of Jersey probate or letters of 
administration which may be required in order to transfer or otherwise deal with Digital Securities held 
by the deceased individual sole holder thereof. 
 
Goods and services tax 
 
The Issuer is an “international services entity” for the purposes of the Goods and Services Tax (Jersey) 
Law 2007 (the “GST Law”). Consequently, the Issuer is not required to: (a) register as a taxable person 
pursuant to the GST Law; (b) charge goods and services tax in Jersey in respect of any supply made by 
it; or (c) (subject to limited exceptions that are not expected to apply to the Issuer) pay goods and services 
tax in Jersey in respect of any supply made to it.

--- Page 170 ---
167 
 
 
Intergovernmental Agreement between Jersey and the United States 
 
The United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act resulted in the introduction of 
legislation in the United States known as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”). Under 
FATCA, a 30 per cent. withholding tax may be imposed on payments of United States source income 
and certain payments of proceeds from the sale of property that could give rise to United States source 
income, unless the Issuer complies with requirements to report on an annual basis the identity of, and 
certain other information about, direct and indirect United States holders of Digital Securities issued by 
the Issuer to the United States Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) or to the relevant Jersey authority for 
onward transmission to the IRS. A holder of Digital Securities issued by the Issuer that fails to provide 
the required information to the Issuer may be subject to the 30 per cent. withholding tax with respect to 
any payments directly or indirectly attributable to United States sources and the Issuer might be required 
to redeem any Digital Securities held by such holder.  
On 13 December 2013 an intergovernmental agreement was entered into between Jersey and the US in 
respect of FATCA which agreement was enacted into Jersey law as of 18 June 2014 by the Taxation 
(Implementation) (International Tax Compliance) (United States of America) (Jersey) Regulations 
2014. Although the Issuer will  attempt to satisfy any obligations imposed on it to avoid the imposition 
of such withholding tax, no assurance can be given that the Issuer will be able to satisfy such obligations. 
If the Issuer becomes subject to a withholding tax as a result of FATCA, the return on some or all Digital 
Securities issued by the Issuer may be materially and adversely affected. In certain circumstances, the 
Issuer may compulsorily redeem some or all of the Digital Securities held by one or more holders and/or 
may reduce the redemption proceeds payable to any holder of Digital Securities. 
 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) 
 
Drawing extensively on the intergovernmental approach to implementing the United States Foreign 
Account Tax Compliance Act, the OECD developed the Common Reporting Standards (“CRS”) to 
address the issue of offshore tax evasion on a global basis. Aimed at maximising efficiency and reducing 
cost for financial institutions, the CRS provides a common standard for due diligence, reporting and 
exchange of financial account information. Pursuant to the CRS, participating jurisdictions obtain from 
reporting financial institutions, and automatically exchange with exchange partners on an annual basis, 
financial information with respect to all reportable accounts identified by financial institutions on the 
basis of common due diligence and reporting procedures. Jersey has implemented the CRS by the 
Taxation (Implementation) (International Tax Compliance) (Common Reporting Standard) (Jersey) 
Regulations 2015. As a result, the Issuer is required to comply with the CRS due diligence and reporting 
requirements, as adopted by Jersey. Jersey has committed to a common implementation timetable which 
has seen the first exchange of information in 2017 in respect of accounts open at and from the end of 
2015, with further countries committed to implement the new global standard. Security Holders may be 
required to provide additional information to the Issuer to enable the Issuer to satisfy its obligations 
under the CRS. Failure to provide requested information may subject an investor to liability for any 
resulting penalties or other charges and/or mandatory redemption of Digital Securities. 1.7 Base Erosion 
and Profit Shifting The law and any other rules or customary practice relating to tax, or its interpretation 
in relation to the Issuer, its assets and any investment of the Issuer may change during its life. In 
particular, both the level and basis of taxation may change. In particular, the outcome of the on-going 
global Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) project could substantially affect the tax treatment of 
the Issuer. Additionally, the interpretation and application of tax rules and customary practice to the 
Issuer, its assets and investors by any taxation authority or court may differ from that anticipated by the 
Issuer. Both could significantly affect returns to investors.

--- Page 171 ---
168 
 
TAXATION IN GERMANY 
The summary is based on the laws of Germany in force at the date of this Base Prospectus, which laws 
may be subject to short-term changes, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect. Prospective 
purchasers of the Digital Securities are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences of the purchase, holding and disposal of Digital Securities, including the effect of any 
state or local taxes, under the laws applicable in the Federal Republic of Germany and each other country 
in which they reside.  
 
It should further be noted that the following summary only expresses the opinion of the Issuer and that 
the Issuer is not aware of any court rulings with respect to the taxation of Digital Securities linked to a 
single Digital Asset or by an index consisting of various Digital Assets so that it cannot be excluded that 
tax courts might take a differing view.  
 
The Digital Securities should not qualify as other capital claims within the meaning of Section 20 para. 
1 no. 7 German Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz, "EStG") and the sale and redemption of the 
Digital Securities thus should not lead to taxable capital income (Einkünfte aus Kapitalvermögen) 
pursuant to Section 20 EStG being subject to the flat tax regime (Abgeltungsteuer) (in principle 25% 
plus 5.5% solidarity surcharge and church tax as the case may be) irrespective of any holding period.  
 
Rather the provisions on private sales transactions (also known as "short-term capital gains") pursuant 
to Sections 22 no. 2, 23 para. 1 sentence 1 no. 2 EStG should apply. This position is backed by marginal 
number 85 of the letter of the German Federal Ministry of Finance (Bundesfinanzministerium, "BMF") 
regarding individual issues relating to the treatment of virtual currencies and other tokens under income 
tax law dated May 10, 2022 (IV C 1 - S 2256/19/10003 :001; Federal Tax Gazette ("BStBl.") 2022 I p. 
668 – the “BMF Letter”). In this letter, the BMF clarifies that the German Federal Fiscal Court 
(Bundesfinanzhof, "BFH") case law on Xetra gold bonds, BFH ruling of February 6, 2018, IX R 33/17, 
BStBl II p. 525) and gold bullion securities (cf. BFH ruling of 16. June 2020, VIII 7/17, BStBl II 2021 
p. 9) is to be applied mutatis mutandis if a bond exclusively conveys a claim to delivery of a fixed 
quantity of units of a virtual currency or other tokens deposited with the issuer or a claim to payment of 
the proceeds from the sale of the units of a virtual currency or other tokens by the issuer. In this case, 
according to the BMF, there is no capital claim within the meaning of Section 20 para. 1 no. 7 EStG, 
but a claim for payment in kind. Further, in marginal number 86 the letter states that the sale of such a 
note may give rise to income from private sales transactions pursuant to section 22 number 2 in - 276 - 
conjunction with section 23 para. 1 sentence 1 number 2 EStG and that payments made by the issuer 
during the term of the bond constitute other income for the investor within the meaning of Section 22 
no. 3 EStG.  
 
The BMF Letter has been published in the Federal Tax Gazette Part I (Bundessteuerblatt I). Pursuant to 
Section 44 para.1 sentence 3 EStG, this published legal opinion of the tax authorities is binding for the 
German custody banks with regard to the German withholding tax. Therefore, there should be no 
German tax withholding obligation with respect to the Digital Securities. However, it cannot be ruled 
out that the German tax authorities or courts could regard a bond secured by cryptocurrencies as a capital 
claim (being subject to the flat tax regime) if the cash settlement, instead of the delivery of the virtual 
currency, should become the regular repayment method. Pursuant to the provisions on private sales 
transactions (Sections 22 no. 2, 23 para. 1 sentence 1 no. 2 sentence 1 EStG) the acquisition and sale of 
assets by a Private Investor is only taxable in Germany if the period between acquisition and disposal 
does not exceed one year.  
 
If a Private Investor disposes of his Digital Securities more than one year after he has acquired them, 
such disposal should (therefore) not be subject to tax. Moreover, the redemption of the Digital Securities 
should not constitute a sale under the private sales transactions rules.  
 
However, it is unclear whether a rebalancing with respect to an index of Digital Assets or any other

--- Page 172 ---
169 
 
disposal of the underlying Digital Assets could represent a disposal. Although, there are good arguments 
that this should not be the case (as there is no change of or realization of the cryptocurrencies delivery 
claim, see ruling of the German Federal Fiscal Court dated January 24, 2012 (IX R 62/10, BStBl II 2012, 
564), marg. no. 28), there is a risk that the German tax authorities could take a different view. Pursuant 
to marginal number 68 of the BMF Letter a hard fork of a virtual currency/cryptocurrency (as defined 
in the BMF Letter) does not result in income under Section 22 no. 3 EStG. However, if the units of a 
new virtual currency/cryptocurrency created as a result of a fork are sold, the resulting profit is taxable 
as income from private sales transactions pursuant to Section 22 no. 2 in conjunction with Section 23 
para. 1 sentence 1 no. 2 EStG, provided that the units of the cryptocurrency existing prior to the hard 
fork were acquired and the period between acquisition and sale does not exceed one year. The date of 
acquisition of the units of the new cryptocurrency corresponds to the acquisition date of the units of the 
cryptocurrency existing before the hard fork.  
 
Based on the aforementioned position of the tax authorities, the BFH case law on Xetra gold bonds 
(which has been accepted in the BMF Letter) and the BMF letter regarding individual issues with respect 
to the flat tax dated May 19, 2022 (with respect to the split of stocks see marg. no. 88 et seq.), there are 
good arguments that a possible split of the Digital Securities caused by a hard fork event should be 
treated in the same way as the split of the underlying Digital Asset itself. However, a deviating position 
of the German tax authorities in this respect cannot be excluded. In case of a taxability of the sale of the 
Digital Securities under the private sales transaction rules, the taxable income (gains or losses) 
corresponds to the difference between the price for the disposal of the Digital Securities - the value of 
the underlying Digital Assets on the one hand and the initial costs of the Digital Securities and the tax 
allowable expenses on the other. The profit from a disposal will not be taxable if it amounts to less than 
EUR 600, set off against losses, if any, and together with gains from other private sale transactions in 
the same calendar year. Losses from private sale transactions can only be set off against gains from 
private sale transactions of the same calendar year. If such gains do not exist, it may be possible under 
certain circumstances to set off against the gains from private sale transactions from the previous year 
or from subsequent years.

--- Page 173 ---
170 
 
PART 10 
INFORMATION REGARDING THE ISSUER AND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
1 
RESPONSIBILITY 
 
1.1 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To 
the best of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer, which has taken all reasonable care to 
ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this document is in accordance with 
the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
 
1.2 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, such 
information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from the information published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third 
party information is identified where used. 
2 
AUTHORISATION 
 
The Programme and the issuance of Digital Securities under the Programme have been duly 
authorised by the Board of Directors of the Issuer pursuant to a resolution dated on or before 
3 April 2023.  
3 
INCORPORATION AND SHARE CAPITAL OF ISSUER 
 
3.1 
The Issuer was formed on 29 June 2022, as a public limited company for the sole purpose of 
issuing exchange traded products. The Issuer operates under Jersey law. The Issuer’s place 
of registration is Jersey and its registration number is 144021. Its trading name is Valour 
Digital Securities Limited. 
 
3.2 
The Issuer’s address is: 28 Esplanade, St Helier, JE2 3QA. The Issuer’s phone number is 
+44 (0)1534 700000. LEI: 9845007E2COKE69C9J55. The website of the Issuer is available 
at (www.valour.com). Said website does not form part of the Base Prospectus (other than 
where information has been explicitly incorporated by reference into this Prospectus) and has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the SFSA. 
 
3.3 
The Issuer was formed by and is wholly owned by VLR Charitable Trust, a trust incorporated 
in Jersey.  
 
3.4 
The Issuer has no limit on the number of shares it can issue and if the capital structure of the 
Issuer is, at any time divided into separate classes of shares, there shall be no limit on the 
number of shares of any class which the Issuer may issue. The single ordinary share that has 
been issued is held by VLR Charitable Trust. 
 
3.5 
The Issuer does not have any subsidiary undertakings. 
 
3.6 
The Issuer is neither directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any other party to the 
Programme. Nor does the Issuer directly or indirectly own or control any other party to the 
Programme.

--- Page 174 ---
171 
 
4 
BUSINESS  
 
4.1 
The Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purposes of issuing 
securities, including, but not limited to, the Digital Securities currently listed in this 
Prospectus. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has yet to commence such 
operations. 
 
4.2 
The Issuer does not have any other revenue generating business activities. 
5 
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SECRETARY 
 
5.1 
The Issuer’s Board of Directors consists of: 
Alan Baird (Member of the Board) 
Alan Baird has been with JTC since 2002 and has worked in all divisions of the company. 
From 2012 to 2016, prior to joining the Jersey funds division, Alan project managed various 
acquisitions alongside JTC’s private equity sponsor. Alan is now a director of the 
Administrator and is responsible for key operational activities including company 
secretarial, fund valuations, drawdowns and distributions, and the administration of 
investments. He also sits on the board of a number of client structures and has board 
experience across a broad range of asset classes, including real estate, private equity and 
venture capital. 
Hilary Jones (Member of the Board) 
Hilary has been with JTC since 2020. Ms Jones worked for the Northern Bank in her native 
Northern Ireland for 15 years before moving to Jersey in 1993. She joined R&H Fund 
Services (Jersey) Limited in 1999 and was a director from 2009 to 2019. Between 1993 and 
1999 Ms Jones worked at Lloyds Private Bank and Trust Company in the Securities team 
and at Barclays Private Bank and Trust Company as a relationship manager. Ms Jones has 
over 30 years’ experience in the finance sector and has extensive experience of real estate, 
private equity and special purpose vehicles for corporate clients. Ms Jones acts as director 
for a number of companies with a private equity or real estate focus. Ms Jones was also 
responsible for R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited’s company secretarial department and 
has served on the legal and technical sub-committee of the Jersey Funds Association.  
Johan Wattenstroem (Member of the Board) 
Johan is the Founder and Board Director of Valour Inc. Johan is also currently Co-Founder 
and Director at Nortide Capital. Johan is a specialist in trading, market making, financial 
products and brokerage. Previously Johan was Founder and CEO of XBT Provider, 
launching the world’s first Bitcoin ETP.  
 
The business address of the Board of Directors is business address is c/o JTC Fund 
Solutions (Jersey) Limited, 28 Esplanade St. Helier, Jersey JE2 3QA.

--- Page 175 ---
172 
 
5.2 
None of such Directors: 
5.2.1 
has had any convictions for major or minor economic or white-collar crime in the last five 
years; or 
5.2.2 
has been the subject of legal proceedings brought by statutory or regulatory authorities, 
including designated professional associations, that are ongoing or have been concluded with 
a sanction. 
 
5.3 
Secretary of the Issuer 
The Secretary of the Issuer is JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited (JTC), a company 
founded in Jersey incorporated under the laws of Jersey. Its business address is JTC Fund 
Solutions (Jersey) Limited, 28 Esplanade St. Helier, Jersey JE2 3QA. It provides corporate 
secretarial services to Valour Digital Securities Limited. 
 
5.4 
Conflicts of Interest 
Save as specifically stated herein, none of the principal activities performed by the Directors 
outside the Issuer are significant with respect to the Issuer and they have no interests that are 
material to the Programme. For more information on the risks associated with conflicts of 
interest, see “Risk Factors – Risks of Conflicts of Interest.” 
 
5.5 
The business address of the Board of Directors is 28 Esplanade, St Helier, JE2 3QA. 
6 
AUDITOR 
 
6.1 
The Issuer’s auditors are Baker Tilly Channel Islands Limited, with registered offices at 1st 
Floor Kensington Chambers, 46/50 Kensington Place, St Helier JE4 0ZE, Jersey. Baker 
Tilly Channel Islands Limited is a chartered accountancy practice registered with the 
Chartered Accountants in England and Wales (ICAEW). 
 
6.2 
The information in this Base Prospectus has not been audited or reviewed by the auditor. 
7 
COMPLIANCE WITH LEGISLATION RELATING TO CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
The Issuer aims to act at all times in accordance with current laws and regulations, including 
in respect of corporate governance matters. 
8 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
The estimated net amount of the proceeds of any particular issue of Digital Securities will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer intends to use the net proceeds from each issue of Digital Securities for the 
purchase of the Digital Assets to be used as Security and for general corporate purposes. 
9 
INTEREST OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
9.1 
Valour Inc. is the Arranger, Staking Agent and Digital Asset Sales Agent under the Program. 
As Arranger, Staking Agent and/or Digital Sales Agent, Valour Inc. may need to make certain

--- Page 176 ---
173 
 
determinations and take certain actions. As a consequence, situations may arise where 
conflict of interests may occur between the interests of Valour Inc. in its capacity as Arranger, 
Staking Agent and/or Digital Sales Agent and the interests of the investors. 
 
9.2 
Save for as stated in the preceding paragraph, there are no material interests, including 
conflicts of interests, of natural or legal persons involved in the issue and/or of the Digital 
Securities. 
10 
BORROWING AND FUNDING STRUCTURE 
 
The Issuer intends to continue its issuance activities on the basis of the funding received to 
date. The costs for any hedging activities in relation to any issuance of Digital Securities will 
be funded by the issuance proceeds from such Digital Securities. If the Issuer is successful 
in issuing Digital Securities, it will have a source of revenue in the form of the fee earned 
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Digital Securities. Whether such revenue will be 
sufficient for the Issuer to reach profitability on a sustainable basis is unknown at this stage. 
11 
NO CREDIT RATING 
 
The Issuer has not been assigned a credit rating and it is not intended that any Digital 
Securities will be assigned credit ratings. 
12 
NO SIGNIFICANT OR MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE 
 
12.1 
Save as disclosed herein, there has been no significant change in the financial or trading 
position of the Issuer since its incorporation.  
 
12.2 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer 
since its incorporation. The Issuer is a newly-incorporated special purpose vehicle and, as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, has not yet commenced operations and no financial 
statements have been drawn up as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
13 
TREND INFORMATION 
 
13.1 
Digital assets and the related business models and market participants as well as the 
regulatory regime(s) that apply to the digital assets industry, are subject to continuous and 
significant evolution. This evolution is likely to continue. 
 
13.2 
Save as disclosed herein, the Issuer is not aware of any trends, uncertainties, demands, 
commitments or events that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on their respective 
prospects during the current financial year. 
14 
LEGAL, ADMINISTRATIVE AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
 
The Issuer has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings which 
may have or have had during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus a 
significant effect on the financial position or prospects of the Issuer, nor are, so far as the 
Issuer is aware, any such proceedings pending or threatened.

--- Page 177 ---
174 
 
15 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
 
The following contracts (not being contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) 
have been entered into by the Issuer and are or may be material or have been entered into at 
any time by the Issuer and (not being contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) 
contain provisions under which the Issuer has an obligation or entitlement which is or may 
be material to the Issuer as at the date of this document: 
 
15.1 
the Trust Instrument dated on or about 5 April 2023, a summary of the principal terms of 
which is set out in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and Conditions); 
 
15.2 
the Security Deed dated on or about 5 April 2023, a summary of the principal terms of which 
is set out in Part 7 (Particulars of the Security Deed); 
 
15.3 
the Komainu Custody Agreement between Komainu (Jersey) Limited, the Issuer, the 
Arranger, the Trustee and the Staking Agent dated on or about 5 April 2023, a summary of 
the principal terms of which is set out in Part 8 (Custody and the Custody Agreements); 
 
15.4 
the Copper Custody Agreement between Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG, the Issuer, 
the Arranger, the Trustee and the Staking Agent dated on or about 5 April 2023, a summary 
of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 8 (Custody and the Custody Agreements); 
 
15.5 
the Account Control Agreement dated on or about 5 April 2023 between the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Arranger and Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG as Custodian pursuant to 
which a mechanism is provided under which the Trustee may give a Notice of Exclusive 
Control to said Custodian as referred to in the Copper Custody Agreement; 
 
15.6 
the Determination Agency Agreement between the Issuer, the Trustee, the Arranger and the 
Determination Agent dated on or about 5 April 2023 under which the Determination Agent 
is appointed to act as the Determination Agent in respect of each class of Digital Securities. 
The Determination Agency Agreement also sets out the terms for the appointment, 
resignation (by at least 90 calendar days’ prior notice to the Issuer and the Trustee) and 
termination of the appointment of the Determination Agent (by at least 45 calendar days’ 
prior notice from the Issuer or on the occurrence of certain events, such as where such agent 
becomes incapable of acting, is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, files for bankruptcy, makes 
an assignment for the benefit of its creditors or consents to the appointment of an 
administrator, liquidator or administrative or other receiver of all or any substantial part of 
its property, or admits in writing its inability to pay or meet its debts as they may mature or 
suspends payment thereof, or if a receiver of it or of all or a substantial part of its property is 
appointed or if any officer takes charge or control of it or of its property or affairs for the 
purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation; 
 
15.7 
the Digital Asset Sales Agency Agreement between the Issuer, the Trustee, the Digital Asset 
Sales Agent, the Determination Agent and the Arranger dated on or about 5 April 2023 under 
which the Digital Asset Sales Agent is appointed to act as Digital Asset Sales Agent in respect 
of each class of Digital Securities to effect sales of Digital Assets for the purposes of 
redemptions or compulsory redemptions to be effected by way of Cash Settlement. The 
Digital Asset Sales Agency Agreement also sets out the terms for the appointment, 
resignation (by at least 90 calendar days’ prior notice to the Issuer, the Determination Agent 
and the Trustee) and termination of the appointment of the Digital Asset Sales Agent (by at 
least 45 calendar days’ prior notice from the Issuer or on the occurrence of certain events, 
such as where such agent becomes incapable of acting, is dissolved, is adjudged bankrupt or 
insolvent, files for bankruptcy, makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors or

--- Page 178 ---
175 
 
consents to the appointment of an administrator, liquidator or administrative or other receiver 
of all or any substantial part of its property, or admits in writing its inability to pay or meet 
its debts as they may mature or suspends payment thereof, or if a receiver of it or of all or a 
substantial part of its property is appointed or if any officer takes charge or control of it or of 
its property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation; 
 
15.8 
the Staking Agency Agreement between the Issuer, the Trustee, the Staking Agent, the 
Determination Agent and the Arranger dated on or about 5 April 2023 pursuant to which the 
Issuer has appointed the Staking Agent to provide certain services in relation to contributing 
certain of its Digital Assets to validators for the purposes of earning staking rewards. In 
consideration of the performance of such services, the Issuer has agreed to allow the Staking 
Agent and/or the Arranger to share in a certain amount of the staking rewards earned from 
staking, with the remainder to be shared with Security Holders; 
 
15.9 
each Authorised Participant Agreement, entered into between the Issuer and each Authorised 
Participant. Such Authorised Participant Agreements set out the terms on which the 
Authorised Participant will act as Authorised Participant in relation to each Class of Digital 
Securities issued by the Issuer under the Programme. The Authorised Participant Agreement 
sets out the contractual obligations that govern interactions between the Issuer and 
Authorised Participants, including in relation to Applications and Redemptions for Digital 
Securities. The Authorised Participant Agreement includes an indemnity from the Issuer 
relating to the representations and warranties given by the Issuer in such agreement; 
 
15.10 
the Registrar Agreement between the Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar dated on or about 
5 April 2023 whereby the Registrar is responsible for supplying or procuring the supply of 
certain registrar services, including the provision of a registration and transfer office, to the 
Issuer and for which the Issuer agrees to pay the Registrar a fee. The Registrar may delegate 
certain of its duties or functions under the Registrar Agreement; 
 
15.11 
the Arranger Agreement between the Issuer and the Arranger dated on or about 5 April 2023, 
pursuant to which the Issuer has appointed the Arranger to provide programme management 
services to it in relation to the Programme and the Digital Securities. In consideration of the 
performance of such services, the Issuer has agreed to pay to the Arranger a fee consisting of 
the periodic amounts, relating to management fees, received by the Issuer relating to issued 
Digital Securities, minus any earnings required by law to be retained by the Issuer; and 
 
15.12 
the Administration Agreement between the Issuer, the Arranger and the Administrator dated 
on or about 5 April 2023, whereby the Administrator will provide certain administration, 
company secretarial and registrar services to the Issuer. The Administration Agreement sets 
out the terms of the Administrator's appointment, the services to be performed on behalf of 
the Administrator in relation to the Issuer and certain Termination events whereby the 
Administration Agreement will be terminated including either party providing 120 calendar 
days' written notice to the other party, where either party is declared bankrupt or goes into 
liquidation and where either party is in material breach of the Administration Agreement, 
amongst other scenarios. The Administration Agreement also sets out the liability of the 
Administrator to the Issuer and the associated liability cap. 
16 
POST-ISSUANCE INFORMATION 
 
The Issuer intends to publish annual financial statements as required by any exchanges on 
which the Issuer may list Digital Securities and any relevant securities laws to which the 
Digital Securities are subject, and to publish the Digital Asset Entitlement of the Digital

--- Page 179 ---
176 
 
Securities on the Issuer’s Website as described under the heading “Digital Asset Entitlement 
– Publication of Digital Asset Entitlement” in Part 4 (Description of the Digital Securities). 
In addition, indicative values of each Digital Security are intended to be published as 
described in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine the value of its investment?), 
section “Publication of indicative value for each Digital Security”. Save as aforesaid the 
Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information. 
17 
CONFIRMATION OF CHARACTERISTICS 
 
The secured assets backing the issue, being the Digital Asset to be held in the Secured 
Wallets, have characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any 
payments due and payable on the Digital Securities. 
18 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
No information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
19 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
 
19.1 
For the duration of the Programme or so long as any Digital Securities remain outstanding, 
copies of the following documents will be available for inspection on the Issuer’s website at 
www.valour.com; 
19.1.1 
the up-to-date Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
19.1.2 
the Base Prospectus; 
19.1.3 
any supplements published in relation to the Base Prospectus;  
19.1.4 
any Final Terms published under the Base Prospectus;  
19.1.5 
any official financial statements published by the Issuer in the future; and 
19.1.6 
the Trust Instrument (the document may be made available in redacted form in order to 
address legitimate privacy or secrecy concerns, such as with respect to information which 
may infringe on business secrecy or data privacy). 
20 
WEBSITES 
 
Any website mentioned in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus 
(other than where information has been explicitly incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus). None of such websites form part of this Base Prospectus and have not been 
scrutinised or approved by the SFSA. 
21 
JERSEY LAW CONSENTS 
 
A consent dated 29 March 2023 issued by the Jersey Financial Services Commission under 
Article 4 of the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958, as amended, in respect of the

--- Page 180 ---
177 
 
issue of Digital Securities by the Issuer has been obtained in relation to the circulation by the 
Issuer of this Base Prospectus and its issue of Digital Securities.

--- Page 181 ---
178 
 
PART 11 
OFFERING AND SALE 
 
1 
CONSENT TO USE THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits offers that are not made within 
an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation (Non-Exempt Offers) in Sweden and any EEA Member State to 
which the approval of this Base Prospectus is notified by the SFSA in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation (each, a Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction and, together, the Non-
Exempt Offer Jurisdictions). Any person making or intending to make a Non-Exempt Offer 
of Digital Securities on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer’s 
consent, as described below. 
 
Except in the circumstances described below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any 
offer by any offeror, and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by 
any other person in connection with any offer of the Digital Securities in any jurisdiction.  
 
Any offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and the Issuer does not 
accept any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons 
making any such unauthorised offer. 
 
The Issuer consents to the offering of Digital Securities by or to each of the following 
financial intermediaries (each, an ‘Authorised Offeror’ for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation): 
• 
the Authorised Participants; and 
• 
each authorised participant which either: 
- 
is expressly named as an Authorised Participant in the Final Terms; or 
- 
is expressly named as an Authorised Participant on the Issuer’s website at 
www.valour.com (in which case, its name and address will be published on 
the Issuer’s website).  
 
New information with respect to any financial intermediaries acting as Authorised 
Participants that are unknown at the time of the approval of the Base Prospectus will be 
published on the Issuer’s website. This website does not form part of this Base Prospectus 
(other than where information has been explicitly incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus) and has not been scrutinised or approved by the SFSA. 
 
The consent shall be valid in relation to Sweden and, subject to completion of relevant 
notification measures, any other Member State within the EU, provided that it shall be a 
condition of such consent that the Base Prospectus may only be used by the relevant 
Authorised Participant (s) to make offerings of the relevant Digital Securities in the 
jurisdiction(s) in which the non-exempt offer is to take place, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
 
The Issuer may (i) give consent to one or more additional Authorised Participants after the 
date of the relevant Final Terms, (ii) discontinue or change the offer period, and/or (iii) 
remove or add conditions and, if it does so, such information in relation to the relevant Digital 
Securities will be published by way of notice which will be available on the Issuer’s website. 
The consent relates only to offer periods occurring within 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 182 ---
179 
 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any 
person (an "Investor") purchasing Digital Securities pursuant to a non-exempt offer where 
the offer to the Investor is made (i) by an Authorised Participant (or the Issuer), (ii) in a 
jurisdiction for which the Issuer has given its consent, (iii) during the offer period for which 
the consent is given and (iv) in compliance with the other conditions attached to the giving 
of the consent, all as set forth in the relevant Final Terms.  
 
Other than in accordance with the terms set forth in the paragraph above, the Issuer has not 
authorised the making of any non-exempt offers of the Digital Securities or the use of this 
Base Prospectus by any person. No financial intermediary or any other person is permitted 
to use this Base Prospectus in connection with any offer of the Digital Securities in any other 
circumstances. Any such offers are not made on behalf of the Issuer and the Issuer has no 
responsibility or liability to any investor purchasing Digital Securities pursuant to such offer 
or for the actions of any person making such offer. 
 
If an Investor intends to purchase Digital Securities from an Authorised Participant, it 
will do so, and such offer and sale will be made, in accordance with any terms and other 
arrangements in place between such Authorised Participant and the Investor, including 
as to price allocations and settlement arrangements. The Issuer will not be a party to 
any such arrangements and, accordingly, this Base Prospectus does not contain such 
information. The terms and conditions of such offer should be provided to the Investor 
by that Authorised Participant at the time such offer is made. The Issuer has no 
responsibility or liability for such information. 
2 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
The Digital Securities are not subject to any restrictions on transferability. The following 
restrictions on offer and sales apply: 
 
2.1 
United States 
 
The Issuer has imposed the restrictions described below on the Programme so that the Issuer 
will not be required to register the offer and sale of Digital Securities under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and to address certain 
considerations under the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 
as amended (“ERISA”), United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, (the “Code”) and 
other considerations. 
 
The Digital Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or 
with any securities regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States 
and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S (“Regulation S”) under the Securities 
Act), except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. 
 
The Digital Securities may not be purchased with plan assets of any “employee benefit plan” 
within the meaning of section 3(3) of ERISA, subject to Part 4. Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, 
any “plan” to which Section 4975 of the Code applies (collectively, “Plans”), any entity 
whose underlying assets include “plan assets” of any of the foregoing Plans within the 
meaning of 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 or section 3(42) of ERISA, as they may be 
modified, by reason of a Plan’s investment in such entity, any governmental or church plan

--- Page 183 ---
180 
 
that is subject to any United States Federal, state or local law that is similar to the prohibited 
transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (any such employee benefit 
plan, plan or entity, a “Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor”). If the Issuer determines that any 
Security Holder is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor, the Issuer may redeem the Digital 
Securities held by that Security Holder in accordance with the provisions of Condition 10.3 
(Compulsory Redemption for Cause) set out in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and Conditions). 
 
2.2 
United Kingdom and Jersey, Channel Islands 
 
In October 2020, the UK Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) issued rules prohibiting 
MIFID-regulated firms from marketing or distributing debt securities that track the price of 
digital assets to retail investors. In line with those rules, the Digital Securities may not be 
offered or sold to any investor who is not a professional investor pursuant to MIFID in the 
United Kingdom or Jersey, Channel Islands. 
 
In addition no offer of Digital Securities may be made to the public in the United Kingdom, 
save that (subject to the preceding paragraph) an offer of Digital Securities may be made in 
the United Kingdom: 
 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors 
as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation); or 
 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation, 
 
provided that no such offer of Digital Securities shall require the Issuer or any Authorised 
Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to the UK Prospectus Regulation or supplement 
a base prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
 
For the purposes of this paragraph 2.2, the expression an “offer of Digital Securities to the 
public” in relation to any Digital Securities means the communication in any form and by 
any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Digital Securities to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for Digital Securities, 
as the same may be varied in the United Kingdom by any measure implementing the UK 
Prospectus Regulation in the United Kingdom and the expression “UK Prospectus 
Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (and amendments thereto) as it applies in the 
United Kingdom pursuant to the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and includes any 
relevant implementing measure in the United Kingdom. 
 
2.3 
European Union 
 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area which has implemented 
the Prospectus Regulation (each, a “Relevant Member State”), with effect from and 
including the date on which the Prospectus Regulation is implemented in that Relevant 
Member State (the “Relevant Implementation Date”) no offer of Digital Securities may be 
made to the public in that Relevant Member State, except that, with effect from and including 
the Relevant Implementation Date, an offer of Digital Securities may be made in that 
Relevant Member State:

--- Page 184 ---
181 
 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors 
as defined in the Prospectus Regulation); or 
 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
 
provided that no such offer of Digital Securities shall require the Issuer or any Authorised 
Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
base prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
For the purposes of this paragraph 2.3, the expression an “offer of Digital Securities to the 
public” in relation to any Digital Securities in any Relevant Member State means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Digital Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for Digital Securities, as the same may be varied in that Relevant Member State 
by any measure implementing the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant Member State and 
the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (and 
amendments thereto) and includes any relevant implementing measure in each Relevant 
Member State. 
 
2.4 
General 
 
Save for the approval of the Prospectus by the SFSA having been obtained, no action has 
been or will be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of Digital 
Securities, or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, the Digital 
Securities may not be offered or sold in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required.

--- Page 185 ---
182 
 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
 
The following definitions apply throughout this Prospectus unless the context otherwise requires: 
 
 
“Administration Agreement” 
means the Administration Agreement dated on or about 5 April 
2023 between JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited (the 
“Administrator”) and the Issuer pursuant to which the 
Administrator 
provides 
certain 
administration, 
company 
secretarial and registrar services to be provided by the 
Administrator to the Issuer; 
“Affiliate” means: 
(a) in relation to the Issuer means any Subsidiary or Holding 
Company of the Issuer or any Subsidiary of any such 
Holding Company; and 
(b) in relation to any other person or entity, any other person 
or entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by that person 
or entity, any other person or entity that controls, directly 
or indirectly, that person or entity, or any other person or 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with 
that person or entity; and for this purpose, “control” of any 
entity or person means ownership of a majority of the 
voting power of the entity or person; 
“Agency Agreement” 
means the Determination Agency Agreement, the Digital Asset 
Sales Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement, the Registrar 
Agreement and any other agreement made by the Issuer with a 
person under which such agent is appointed from time to time in 
relation to the Digital Securities or the Digital Securities of any 
class or classes; 
“Agency Agreement Default” 
in respect of the Digital Securities of any class, means an Event of 
Default in respect of such class falling within paragraph within 
paragraph (c) or (d) of the definition of “Event of Default” in 
Condition 14.9; 
“Agents” 
means the Determination Agent, the Digital Asset Sales Agent, the 
Custodian and the Registrar or any of them and such other agent(s) 
as may be appointed from time to time in relation to the Digital 
Securities or the Digital Securities of any class or classes under the 
Determination Agency Agreement, the Digital Asset Sales 
Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement, the Registrar 
Agreement or any other agreement with the Issuer under which 
such agent is appointed from time to time in relation to the Digital 
Securities or the Digital Securities of any class or classes, as 
applicable, and any successor or replacement and “Agent” means 
any of them; 
“Applicant” 
means an Authorised Participant who makes an Application for 
Digital Securities; 
“Application” 
in respect of Digital Securities, means an offer by an Authorised 
Participant to the Issuer to subscribe for Digital Securities;

--- Page 186 ---
183 
 
“Application Form” 
means an application form used in connection with the 
Programme; 
“Arranger” 
means Valour, Inc. or any successor thereto; 
“Authorised Participant” 
means, in respect of any class of Digital Securities, any Eligible 
Authorised Participant that has entered into an Authorised 
Participant Agreement with the Issuer in relation to, inter alia¸ that 
class of Digital Securities; 
“Authorised 
Participant 
Agreement” 
means a written agreement between the Issuer and another person 
under which such person is appointed to act as an “Authorised 
Participant”, distribution agent or in a substantially similar 
function in relation to Digital Securities, or Digital Securities of 
any class or classes, and if such agreement is subject to conditions 
precedent, provided that such conditions have been satisfied; 
“Base Currency” 
means, in respect of any class of Digital Securities, the currency 
of denomination of the Digital Securities of the class, as specified 
in the Class Schedule; 
“Board” 
means the board of directors of the Issuer or, as the context may 
require, the board of directors of the Issuer from time to time; 
“Business Day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a public holiday 
in England) on which commercial banks generally are open for the 
transaction of business in London; 
“Cash Settlement” 
in relation to the Redemption of any Digital Securities, means 
settlement of the Issuer’s Redemption Obligations in respect 
thereof by sale of Digital Asset of the Underlying Type and 
payment of the net proceeds of sale to the relevant Security Holder 
in accordance with Condition 9.12 (Payment of Cash on 
Redemption) or Condition 10.8 (Payment of Cash on Compulsory 
Redemption); 
“Certificated” or “Certificated 
Form” 
means not in Uncertificated Form; 
“Class” 
means a class of Digital Securities having the same ISIN or other 
similar identifier, whatever the date of issue thereof; 
“Class Schedule” 
means Schedule 6 (Classes of Digital Securities) to the Trust 
Instrument. 
“Compulsory Redemption” 
means a redemption of Digital Securities in accordance with 
Condition 8 (Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee) 
and “Compulsorily Redeemed” shall be construed accordingly; 
“Compulsory 
Redemption 
Settlement Date” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions; 
“Conditions” 
Digital Securities are issued in the form set out in Schedule 2 (The 
Conditions – Digital Securities) to the Trust Instrument as the 
same may from time to time be modified in accordance with the 
Trust Instrument and any reference herein to a particular specified

--- Page 187 ---
184 
 
Condition or paragraph or sub-paragraph of such a Condition shall 
be construed accordingly; 
“CREST” 
means the system for the paperless settlement of trades and the 
holding of uncertificated securities operated by CrestCo in 
accordance with the Uncertificated Regulations; 
“CREST Business Day” 
means a day on which CREST is open for the purpose of effecting 
settlement of Digital Securities; 
“CrestCo” 
means Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (formerly known as 
CRESTCO Limited) incorporated in England and Wales under 
number 2878738; 
“Custodian” 
means, in respect of a class of Digital Securities and Digital Asset 
of the Underlying Type held by or for the Issuer in respect of such 
class, such party appointed as custodian and any successor or 
replacement thereto in accordance with the terms of a Custody 
Agreement; 
“Custody Agreement” 
means any custody agreement relating to Underlying Assets 
entered into by the Issuer and each Custodian and any other 
relevant party; 
“Delivery Default” 
in respect of any Digital Security, means an Event of Default in 
respect of such Digital Security falling within paragraph (a) of the 
definition of “Event of Default” in Condition 14.9; 
“Delivery Precision Level” 
means, in relation to a class of Digital Securities and Underlying 
Type, the level specified as such in the Class Schedule; 
“Determination 
Agency 
Agreement”  
means the determination agency agreement entered into by the 
Issuer, the Trustee and the Determination Agent; 
“Determination Agent” 
means JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited and any successor 
thereto or replacement thereof or any other entity appointed as 
determination agent in accordance with the terms of the 
Determination Agency Agreement; 
“Determination Agent Breach” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions; 
“Digital Asset” 
means money, scrip or other representation of value or contractual 
rights that can only be exchanged electronically on a Distributed 
Ledger (including, without limitation, each Underlying Type) and 
“Digital Assets” shall be construed accordingly; 
“Digital Asset Entitlement” 
means, as at any date and in relation to a Digital Security of any 
class, the amount(s) of the Digital Asset of the Underlying Type 
to which (subject as provided in the Conditions) the Security 
Holder is entitled on Redemption of that Digital Security on that 
date calculated in accordance with Condition 5 (Digital Asset 
Entitlement, Basket Entitlement and Index Entitlement);

--- Page 188 ---
185 
 
“Digital Asset Sales Agency 
Agreement” 
means the Digital Asset sales agreement entered into by the Issuer, 
the Trustee, the Digital Asset Sales Agent and the Determination 
Agent; 
“Digital Asset Sales Agent” 
means Valour, Inc. and any successor thereto or replacement 
thereof or any other entity appointed as Digital Asset sales agent 
in accordance with the terms of the Digital Asset Sales Agency 
Agreement; 
 “Digital Securities” 
means undated, limited recourse, secured debt securities of the 
Issuer constituted by the Trust Instrument of any of the classes 
specified in the Class Schedule; 
“Digital Wallet” 
in relation to a Security Holder means the digital wallet of the 
Security Holder which will be used to receive or send Digital 
Asset; 
“Directors” 
means the directors of the Issuer, being at the date of this document 
the persons whose names are listed as such under the heading 
“Directors, Secretary and Advisers” below; 
“Distributed Ledger” 
means a single, sequenced, standardised and cryptographically 
secured record of activity to be shared among and acted upon by 
multiple participants; 
“EU” 
means the European Union; 
“Eligible Authorised Participant” means a person with whom the Issuer may lawfully enter into an 
Authorised Participant Agreement and observe and perform the 
terms thereof and who meets any other conditions of eligibility 
determined from time to time by the Issuer; 
“Entitlement Precision Level” 
means, in relation to a class of Digital Securities and Underlying 
Type, the level specified as such in the Class Schedule; 
“Event of Default” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions; 
“Exchange Business Day” 
means, in relation to any class of Digital Securities, a day on which 
the Relevant Stock Exchange (or any of them) is open for business; 
“Extraordinary Resolution” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions; 
“Fork Event” 
means the splitting of the code base underlying the Distributed 
Ledger applicable to a Digital Asset, potentially creating two or 
more Distributed Ledgers which may or may not be incompatible 
with each other, one in respect of that Digital Asset and one or 
more in respect of a different Digital Asset; 
“Holding Company” 
has the meaning given to that term in section 1159 of the 
Companies Act 2006 of the United Kingdom; 
“Issuer” 
means Valour Digital Securities Limited, a company incorporated 
and registered in Jersey with registered number 144021; 
“Issuer Insolvency Event” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions;

--- Page 189 ---
186 
 
“Issuer’s Website” 
means the website having the following internet address: 
www.valour.com or such other internet address as may be used by 
the Issuer and notified to Security Holders and the Trustee. 
Information on the Issuer’s website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus unless that information has been incorporated by 
reference to this Base Prospectus; 
“Jersey” 
means the Bailiwick of Jersey, Channel Islands; 
“Liability” 
means any loss, liability, cost, claim, damages, expense (including, 
but not limited to, legal costs and expenses) or demand (or actions 
in respect thereof), judgment, interest on any judgment, 
assessment, fees or amounts paid in settlement of any action or 
claim, and “Liabilities” shall be construed accordingly; 
“Listing” 
in respect of a class of Digital Securities, means the admission of 
that class of Digital Securities to trading on the Relevant Stock 
Exchange’s market for listed securities becoming effective; 
“Management Fee” 
means in respect of a class of Digital Securities the management 
fee payable by the Issuer to the Arranger or any Affiliate or 
successor of the Arranger in consideration for the provision by the 
Arranger or any Affiliate of the Arranger of all management and 
administration services in relation to the Programme, as set out in 
the Prospectus, as that amount may be adjusted from time to time 
as set out in the Prospectus; 
“Outstanding” 
means, for the purposes of the Conditions, the Trust Instrument 
and the Security Deed, in relation to a class of Digital Securities 
and any date, all the Digital Securities issued on or prior to such 
date other than: 
a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with 
Condition 10 (Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or 
Trustee); 
b) those that have been cancelled for any reason; 
c) those in respect of which the date for redemption has 
occurred and the Redemption Amount has been duly 
delivered or paid to the Trustee, and which remain 
available for payment against surrender of Digital 
Securities; 
d) those that have become void or in respect of which claims 
have become prescribed; 
e) those which have been issued and which are pending 
settlement to an Authorised Participant but in respect of 
which the relevant Authorised Participant(s) has not 
delivered or paid in full the relevant subscription amount 
under the Authorised Participant Agreement; and 
f) those that have been purchased, settled and cancelled or 
held as Treasury Securities as provided in Condition 9

--- Page 190 ---
187 
 
(Redemption of Digital Securities) or Condition 10 
(Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee) and 
Condition 18 (Treasury Securities) (as applicable), 
provided that for the purposes of (1) ascertaining the right to attend 
and vote at any meeting of the Security Holders or participate in 
any resolution in writing of the Security Holders, (2) the 
determination of how many Digital Securities are outstanding for 
the purposes of the Conditions, the Trust Instrument and the 
Security Deed and (3) the exercise of any discretion, power or 
authority that the Trustee is required, expressly or impliedly, to 
exercise in or by reference to the interests of the Security Holders, 
those Digital Securities that are beneficially held by or on behalf 
of the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer and not cancelled shall 
(unless no longer so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Digital Securities (if any) which the 
Issuer has agreed on or prior to such date to issue but in respect of 
which delivery or payment of the relevant subscription amount has 
not been received in full from the relevant Authorised 
Participant(s) and settlement to such relevant Authorised 
Participant(s) has not yet occurred shall not be deemed to be 
“outstanding” on such date; 
“Physical Delivery” 
in relation to the Redemption of any Digital Security, means 
delivery of Digital Asset of the Underlying Type in accordance 
with 
Condition 9.11 
(Delivery 
of 
Digital 
Currency 
on 
Redemption) or Condition 10.7 (Delivery of Digital Currency on 
Compulsory Redemption); 
“Physical Delivery Fee” 
means, in respect of any class of Digital Securities and Underlying 
Assets, the fee specified as such, expressed as a percentage of the 
applicable Digital Asset Entitlement, in the Class Schedule or such 
other amount which (a) in the case of an increase to the Physical 
Delivery Fee in respect of any class of Digital Securities or any 
Underlying Type, shall be notified to the Security Holders in 
respect of such class by a RIS announcement no less than 30 days 
prior to such increased fee becoming effective; or (b) in the case 
of a decrease to the Physical Delivery Fee in respect of any class 
of Digital Securities or any Underlying Type, shall be applicable 
with effect from such date (which may be retrospective) as may be 
determined by the Issuer and notified to Security Holders by a RIS 
announcement as soon as practicable after such determination; 
“Pool” 
means a separate pool of assets to which Digital Securities of a 
particular class are attributable; 
“Principal Amount” 
means, in respect of each class of Digital Securities, the amount 
specified as such in the Class Schedule; 
“Programme” 
means the programme for the issue of Digital Securities by the 
Issuer; 
“Programme Document” 
means, in respect of each class of Digital Securities, each of the 
Trust Instrument, the Security Deed, each Custody Agreement, the

--- Page 191 ---
188 
 
Determination Agency Agreement, the Digital Asset Sales 
Agency Agreement, the Registrar Agreement, any other Agency 
Agreement, and each Authorised Participant Agreement and 
“Programme Documents” means all such documents; 
“Programme Party” 
means a party to a Programme Document (other than the Issuer 
and the Security Holders); 
“Prohibited 
Benefit 
Plan 
Investor” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
"Prohibited Coins" 
means any “employee benefit plan” within the meaning of section 
3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security 
Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), subject to Part 4. Subtitle B 
of Title I of ERISA, any “plan” to which section 4975 of the 
United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, (the “Code”) applies 
(collectively, “Plans”), any entity whose underlying assets include 
“plan assets” of any of the foregoing Plans within the meaning of 
29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3 101 or section 3(42) of ERISA, as they 
may be modified, by reason of a Plan’s investment in such entity, 
any governmental or church plan that is subject to any U.S. 
Federal, state or local law that is similar to the prohibited 
transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or 
any person who holds Digital Securities on behalf of, for the 
benefit of or with any assets of any such Plan or entity; 
means any cryptoasset(s) which, in the reasonable opinion of the 
Issuer, falls within any of the following categories, in each case as 
determined by the Issuer on the Issue Date of the relevant series of 
Digital Securities:  
(a) 
any stable coin (including asset-referenced tokens and 
electronic money tokens) where the relevant protocols and rules 
governing such stable coin do not provide for prudent 
collateralisation requirements; 
(b) 
any cryptoasset which rules and protocols hide or obscure 
transactions on its blockchain by way of anonymising the origin 
and destination of transacted coins or tokens, the amount 
transacted and/or balances of wallet addresses; and/or 
(c) 
any cryptoasset which is regarded as a "meme coin", and 
which has all of the following characteristics: (i) such cryptoasset 
being considered by the broad investment community to be a 
"meme coin"; (ii) being associated with comical or animated 
memes; and (iii) having no intrinsic utility or functionality; 
“Prospectus” 
means this base prospectus of the Issuer in relation to the Digital 
Securities, as the same may be modified, supplemented or 
amended from time to time; 
“Redemption” 
means the redemption of Digital Securities by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions (and “Redeem” shall be construed 
accordingly); 
“Redemption Amount” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions;

--- Page 192 ---
189 
 
“Redemption Deductions” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions; 
“Redemption Fee” 
means the fee payable by a Security Holder on the redemption of 
Digital Securities pursuant to Condition 12 (Redemption Fee); 
“Redemption Notice” 
means a notice in the applicable form (which may vary in content 
depending on the method of Redemption required or elected for 
such Digital Securities and the form in which the Digital Securities 
are held) prescribed from time to time by the Issuer for requesting 
Redemption of Digital Securities; 
“Redemption Notice Date” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions; 
“Redemption Obligations” 
means the obligation of the Issuer on Redemption of a Digital 
Security to make payment or deliver Digital Asset of the 
Underlying Type to the relevant Security Holder in accordance 
with the Conditions; 
“Register” 
with respect to each class of Digital Securities issued in registered 
form or in dematerialised uncertificated registered form, means the 
register maintained in Jersey or Guernsey by the Registrar of 
persons holding the Digital Securities of that class; 
“Registrar” 
with respect to a class of Digital Securities issued in registered 
form or in dematerialised uncertificated registered form, means 
such party as may be appointed by the Issuer from time to time to 
maintain the Register; 
“Registrar Agreement” 
with respect to a class of Digital Securities issued in registered 
form or in dematerialised uncertificated registered form, means the 
Agreement for the provision of Registry and Associated Services 
entered into between the Registrar, the Issuer and the Trustee; 
“Relevant Stock Exchange” 
means, in relation to any class of Digital Securities, the stock 
exchange or market specified in the Prospectus (including the 
applicable Final Terms as defined in the Prospectus) and/or any 
other stock exchange on which Digital Securities of that class may 
be admitted to listing or trading. In the case of Digital Securities 
to be issued pursuant to this Prospectus the Relevant Stock 
Exchange will be SIX Swiss Exchange; 
“repay”, “redeem” and “pay” 
shall each include both the others and cognate expressions shall be 
construed accordingly; 
“RIS” 
means a regulated information service for the purposes of giving 
information relating to the Digital Securities, or the Digital 
Securities of any class or classes, under the rules of the Relevant 
Stock Exchange chosen by the Issuer from time to time; 
“Secured Creditor” 
in respect of any class of Digital Securities means the Trustee and 
the Security Holders in respect of such class; 
“Secured Property” 
means, in respect of any class of Digital Securities and any Pool, 
subject as provided in the Security Deed, (a) all rights of the Issuer 
under each Custody Agreement (i) to and in relation to the Digital

--- Page 193 ---
190 
 
Assets held pursuant to the Custody Agreement to the extent that 
the same relate to the Relevant Pool; and (ii) to the extent that such 
rights apply to deliveries or payments due in respect of Digital 
Securities of that class, or any part thereof, and (b) all rights of the 
Issuer in relation to the Digital Asset held for the Relevant Pool, 
in each case which are subject to the security created in favour of 
the Trustee pursuant to the Security Deed as it applies in respect 
of such class; 
“Secured Wallet” 
means a Digital Wallet maintained with the Custodian in the name 
of the Issuer pursuant to the Custody Agreement; 
“Securities Act” 
means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
“Security” 
means, in respect of each Pool, the security constituted by the 
Security Deed to the extent applicable to such Pool; 
“Security Deed” 
means the Security Deed dated on or about 5 April 2023 between 
the Issuer and the Trustee and, in respect of each Pool to which a 
class of Digital Securities is attributable, the same as it applies to 
that Pool; 
“Security Holder” 
means the person in whose name a Digital Security is registered; 
“Security Holder Account” 
means: 
a) in relation to any Digital Securities to be Redeemed by 
Physical Delivery, a Digital Wallet able to receive the 
relevant Digital Asset; and 
b) in relation to any Digital Securities to be Redeemed by 
Cash Settlement and any other payment specified to be 
due by the Issuer to a Security Holder under these 
Conditions, an account in the Settlement Currency, 
which, in the case of an Authorised Participant, shall be notified in 
writing for such purposes by the Authorised Participant to the 
Issuer and the Trustee from time to time, and in the case of a 
Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant, shall be as 
specified in the applicable Redemption Notice; 
“Settlement Date” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions; 
“SIX Swiss Exchange” 
means SIX Swiss Exchange AG or its market for listed securities 
(or any of such markets if the SIX Swiss Exchange has at any time 
more than one such market), as the context may require; 
“Subsidiary” 
has the meaning given to that term in section 1159 of the 
Companies Act 2006 of the United Kingdom; 
“Swiss Paying Agent” 
means ISP Securities Limited and any successor or replacement 
thereof; 
“Tax” 
means any tax, duty, assessment or charge of whatsoever nature 
(including, without limitation, any tax on income, profits, gains, 
net wealth, asset values or turnover, value added tax, stamp duty,

--- Page 194 ---
191 
 
stamp duty reserve tax, excise, severance, sales, use, transfer, 
documentary, recording tax or duty or any other similar tax, duty 
or charge) imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any 
government, applicable tax authority or jurisdiction; 
“Tranche” 
means, in relation to a class of Digital Securities issued on any 
date, the Digital Securities of that class that are issued on the same 
date with the same Principal Amount; 
“Treasury Securities” 
means Digital Securities held by an Affiliate of the Issuer either 
(a) which have been issued without delivery to the Issuer of Digital 
Asset of the relevant Underlying Type pursuant to Condition 16.3 
or (b) the rights of the Issuer in respect of the Underlying Assets 
relating to which have been released from the security constituted 
by the Security Deed pursuant to Condition 18.1(b) or (c) which 
are otherwise held in accordance with Condition 18.1 (Treasury 
Securities); 
“Trust Instrument” 
means the trust instrument dated on or about 5 April 2023 between 
the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as 
trustee for the Security Holders including the Schedules thereto 
and any trust instrument supplemental thereto and the schedules 
(if any) thereto; 
“Trustee” 
means The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. appointed as 
such under the Trust Instrument and includes any replacement 
trustee under the Trust Instrument; 
“Uncertificated”,  
means recorded on the Register as being held in uncertificated 
“Uncertificated form”  
form, title to which, by virtue of the Uncertificated Regulations, 
“Uncertificated Form” 
may be transferred by means of CREST; 
“Uncertificated 
Notice 
of 
Meeting”  
means in relation to any Digital Securities in Uncertificated Form 
an uncertificated notice of meeting in accordance with the rules 
and operating procedures applicable to CREST; 
“Uncertificated Regulations” 
means the Companies (Uncertificated Securities) (Jersey) Order 
1999; 
 “Underlying Assets” 
in respect of any class of Digital Securities, means the Digital 
Asset of the Underlying Type held by or for the Issuer in respect 
of such class; 
“Underlying Type” 
in respect of any class of Digital Securities, means the type of 
Digital Asset specified in the Class Schedule; 
“United Kingdom” or “UK” 
means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland; 
“United States” or “U.S.” 
means the United States of America, its territories and possessions, 
any state of the United States and the District of Columbia; 
“US Dollars” or “US$” or “USD”  means United States dollars; and

--- Page 195 ---
192 
 
“VAT” 
means value added tax. 
 
Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this document to any agreement, deed, prospectus 
or document includes a reference to such agreement, deed, prospectus or document, as amended, varied, 
novated, supplemented or replaced from time to time and unless otherwise stated or the context 
otherwise requires references in this document to any statute or any provision of any statute include a 
reference to any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof or any statutory instrument, order or 
regulation made thereunder or any such modification or re-enactment, in each case in force as at the 
date of this Prospectus.

--- Page 196 ---
193 
 
DIRECTORS, SECRETARY AND ADVISERS 
 
 
Directors of the Issuer 
Alan Baird 
Hilary Jones  
Johan Wattenstroem  
Secretary of the Issuer 
JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited  
Registered office of the Issuer and 
address of the directors and 
secretary of the Issuer 
The address of all the Directors and the Secretary of the Issuer is the 
registered office of the Issuer, which is: 
 
28 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey JE2 3QA, Channel Islands 
 
Arranger to the Issuer 
Valour, Inc.  
Willow House, Cricket Square 
KY1-1001 
Grand Cayman 
 
Administrator of the Issuer 
JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited 
28 Esplanade 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE2 3QA 
Channel Islands 
 
Determination Agent  
JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited 
28 Esplanade 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE2 3QA 
Channel Islands

--- Page 197 ---
194 
 
Digital Asset Sales Agent and 
Staking Agent 
Valour, Inc.  
Willow House, Cricket Square 
KY1-1001 
Grand Cayman 
 
Trustee 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
8th Floor 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AG 
United Kingdom 
Custodians 
Komainu (Jersey) Limited 
3rd Floor, 2 Hill Street 
St. Helier, Jersey JE2 4UA 
Channel Islands 
 
Copper Technologies (Switzerland) AG  
Gotthardstrasse 26,  
6300, Zug, Switzerland 
 
English legal advisers to the 
Issuer 
W Legal Limited 
47 Red Lion Street 
London WC1R 4PF 
United Kingdom 
Jersey legal advisers to the Issuer 
Carey Olsen Jersey LLP 
47 Esplanade 
St Helier 
Jersey JE1 0BD 
Channel Islands

--- Page 198 ---
195 
 
Swedish legal advisers to the 
Issuer 
AG Advokat KB 
Regeringsgatan 38 
PO Box 3124 
SE-103 62 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Swiss legal advisers to the Issuer 
Homburger AG  
Prime Tower, Hardstrasse 201 
8005 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
Swiss Paying Agent 
ISP Securities Limited  
Bellerivestrasse 45 
P.O. Box 8034 
Zurich, Switzerland 
 
English legal advisers to the 
Trustee 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ  
United Kingdom 
 
Auditors of the Issuer 
Baker Tilly Channel Islands Limited 
1st Floor Kensington Chambers 
46/50 Kensington Place 
St Helier JE4 0ZE, Jersey 
 
Registrar 
JTC Registrars Limited 
Ground Floor Dorey Court, Admiral Park 
St. Peter Port 
Guernsey GY1 2HT