--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
dated 16 March 2021  
for the issuance of 
 
SINGLE DIGITAL ASSET TRACKER CERTIFICATES  
under the 
 
ISSUANCE PROGRAM 
 
of 
 
VALOUR STRUCTURED PRODUCTS, INC. 
 
(a company registered under the laws of the Cayman Islands)

--- Page 2 ---
2 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") contains information relating to Certificates (as defined below) to 
be issued under the programme (the "Programme"). Under the Base Prospectus, Valour Structured Products, Inc. 
(the "Issuer", "Valour" or the "Company") may, from time to time, offer Certificates to the public and apply for 
such Certificates to be admitted to trading on one or more regulated markets or multilateral trading facilities 
("MTF’s") in Sweden and, subject to the prior completion of all relevant notification measures, certain other 
countries within the EEA as specified herein. 
The Certificates are not principal-protected and do not bear interest. Consequently, the value of, and any amounts 
payable under, the Certificates will be strongly influenced by the performance of the single Digital Asset (as 
defined herein) and, where the Settlement Currency is other than USD, the exchange rate between USD and the 
relevant Settlement Currency (e.g. SEK or EUR). 
As such, an investment in the Certificates is likely to be highly speculative and volatile. 
If the Certificates constitute a suitable investment for a prospective investor has to be assessed in light of each 
investor's own circumstances. Neither this Base Prospectus, nor any marketing material relating to the Certificates, 
constitute (or should be considered to constitute) investment, financial, tax or any other kind of advice to 
prospective investors. Each investor must make their own assessment as to the suitability (or otherwise) of a 
potential investment in the Certificates and should, in connection therewith, consult with their own independent 
professional advisors. 
An investment in the Certificates is only suitable for investors who have sufficient experience and knowledge to 
be able to assess the risks related to such an investment, who also have investment objectives which align with the 
Certificates' exposure, duration and other characteristics, and who have sufficient financial resources in order to 
be able to bear the risks associated with such an investment. 
This Base Prospectus must not be distributed to other countries where an offering or admission to trading requires 
additional prospectuses, translations or filings with national authorities (or other measures beyond those required 
by Swedish law) or which otherwise are in breach of the laws or rules of such other country. Persons holding this 
Base Prospectus, or any Certificates issued hereunder, must stay informed of (and observe) any restrictions in such 
jurisdictions and as contained herein. 
The Certificates have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act 1933, as amended of the United 
States (the "Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the 
United States. The Certificates may not be offered, sold or (in the case of bearer securities) delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons, except pursuant to offers and sales in an offshore 
transaction that occurs outside the United States in accordance with the applicable provisions of Rule 903 of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act or pursuant to another available exemption from the registration 
requirements under the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has not been reviewed or approved by any Swiss prospectus reviewing body (Prüfstelle). 
This is not a prospectus for the purposes of the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (the "FinSA"), may not be 
used for a public offering in Switzerland requiring such prospectus, and the Issuer will not be responsible for the 
content of this document in relation to any offering which requires such a prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus and all Conditions (as defined herein) shall be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, Swedish law. Any dispute arising from information contained within this Base Prospectus and / or from the 
Conditions shall, exclusively, be settled by Swedish courts within the District Court of Stockholm (as the court of 
first instance).

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
 
 
SECTION 
PAGE 
1 
General description of the Program 
4 
2 
Risk Factors 
16 
3 
The Issuer 
22 
4 
Incorporation by reference and documents on display 
29 
5 
Taxation 
30 
6 
The General Conditions Governing the Certificates 
31 
7 
Form of Final Terms 
42 
8 
Offering and sale 
49 
9 
Addresses 
53

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
1. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
The following overview of the Programme and the Certificates does not purport to be complete and is 
subject to and qualified by the detailed information contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
in the Final Terms in respect of each Series of Certificates. Words and expressions not defined in this 
overview shall have the meanings given to them elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
 
1.1. This Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. 
Finansinspektionen) (the “SFSA”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The 
SFSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities.  
The Base Prospectus permits offers of Certificates linked to a single digital asset to the public in Sweden 
and/or an admission to trading of such Certificates on a regulated market in Sweden. The Issuer may 
request the SFSA to notify the approval of the Base Prospectus to other EEA Member States in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation for the purposes of making a public offer in such Member 
States or for admission to trading of all or any Certificates on a regulated market therein, or both. 
1.2. Warning regarding expiry of the Base Prospectus and supplements thereto 
Investors should note that this Base Prospectus will expire on 15 March 2022. 
The Issuer shall prepare a supplement (each, a Supplement) to this Base Prospectus or publish a new 
base prospectus if there is a significant change affecting any matter contained in this Base Prospectus 
or a significant new matter arises, the inclusion of information in respect of which would have been so 
required if it had arisen when this Base Prospectus was prepared and/or pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement a prospectus in the event of significant new factors, 
material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when a prospectus is no longer valid. 
1.3. The Program 
The Program described in this Base Prospectus enables Valour to continuously issue Certificates linked 
to a single digital asset and apply for such Certificates to be admitted to trading on one or more regulated 
markets as well as multi-lateral trading facilities. The Certificates may be offered to the public in Sweden 
and/or in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, 
Norway, and Spain and/or, subject to completion of relevant notification measures, any other Member 
State within the EEA. The Certificates will be created under and governed by Swedish law. 
The Certificates are transferable, but Holders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with 
regard to the Certificates, as applicable, under local laws to which a Holder may be subject. Each Holder 
must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense. The Issuer will initially apply 
for admission to trading on the Nordic MTF operated by Nordic Growth Market (NGM AB) in Sweden, 
a subsidiary of Bourse Stuttgart in Stuttgart, Germany. At a later stage and subject to regulatory 
requirements, the Issuer may apply for the Certificates to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
or any other marketplace, such as an MTF, in Sweden and/or in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, 
France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, and Spain and/or, subject to completion

--- Page 5 ---
5 
of relevant notification measures, any other Member State within the EEA. At this stage there can be no 
guarantee given that the application to have the Certificates admitted to trading on any such market, will 
be accepted. The Issuer may also issue one or more Series of Certificates that are not intended to be 
admitted to trading.  
The Certificates will have a single digital asset as the primary synthetic underlying exposure. The 
possible return that an investor will obtain will depend on the development of such underlying exposure 
and, where the relevant Settlement Currency (i.e. the currency in which the relevant Series of 
Certificates are denominated) is other than USD, the exchange rate between the USD and the relevant 
Settlement Currency. 
The General Conditions in this Base Prospectus apply to all Certificates issued under this Program as 
modified, supplemented and completed in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
1.4. General description of Certificates 
The Certificates are non-equity linked securities which synthetically track the performance of the price 
of single digital asset in USD less a fee component. The Certificates will be denominated in a Settlement 
Currency specified in the relevant Final Terms (e.g. SEK or EUR) and, consequently, where the 
Settlement Currency is other than USD, there will be a foreign exchange rate exposure between USD 
and the relevant Settlement Currency which may impact (positively or negatively) the market value and 
final return from the Certificates. 
The Certificates may be issued as open-ended Certificates without a scheduled maturity date. The 
provisions regarding Issuer Call option and/or Holder Put Option may result in early redemption. 
The Certificates are not principal-protected and the Settlement Amount payable upon redemption may 
be as low as zero. The Certificates do not bear interest. In the event of a future fork of the relevant single 
digital asset blockchain, the Issuer will always do everything in its power, acting commercially 
reasonable and with due consideration of any applicable legal, regulatory, issuance and clearing 
constraints and administrative burden, to maximize the value for the investors in the Certificates. 
During the life cycle of the Certificates, the value of the Certificates will depend on a number of factors, 
such as the observed relevant prices of the relevant digital asset, the foreign exchange rate between USD 
and the relevant Settlement Currency, as the case may be, the level of market interest rates, expected 
volatility of underlying exposure, supply and demand and the perceived credit risk associated with the 
Issuer. 
The value of a Certificate is calculated as an arithmetic average of the price of the relevant digital asset 
in USD on the four underlying markets (in accordance with the Terms and Conditions). The value is 
recalculated from USD to the relevant Settlement Currency where the Settlement Currency is other than 
USD. From the obtained value the accrued management fee is subtracted, and the resulting amount is 
multiplied with the “Multiplier” specified in the relevant Final Terms. The sum constitutes the value of 
the Certificate. This value will thus reflect the amount which investors will receive in return, if they are 
able to divest their holding at such price, at the sale of their Certificates. 
1.5. Type of underlying exposure 
The Certificates will provide a synthetic underlying exposure to the value of a single Digital Asset.  
Digital assets, also sometimes called cryptoassets, are a type of private asset that depend primarily on 
cryptography and distributed ledger technology as part of their perceived or inherent value. A wide 
range of cryptoassets exist, including payment/exchange-type tokens (for example, the so-called virtual

--- Page 6 ---
6 
currencies (VCs)), investment-type tokens, and tokens applied to access a good or service (so-called 
‘utility’ tokens). 
The single digital asset forming part of the synthetic underlying exposure for a particular Series of 
Certificates will be the digital asset specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Digital Asset”). Such 
Digital Asset must always consist of one of the 50 digital assets listed in the following table with eligible 
digital assets: 
Rank 
Name 
Market Cap 
Price 
1 
Bitcoin BTC 
$648,722,191,178.00 
$34,826.96 
2 
Ethereum ETH 
$169,055,862,322.00 
$1,465.13 
3 
Tether USDT 
$26,782,958,839.00 
$1.00 
4 
XRP XRP 
$17,066,768,479.00 
$0.3743 
5 
Polkadot DOT 
$15,169,257,493.00 
$16.96 
6 
Cardano ADA 
$13,644,826,209.00 
$0.4376 
7 
Litecoin LTC 
$9,543,465,562.00 
$143.66 
8 
Chainlink LINK 
$9,236,498,374.00 
$22.86 
9 
Bitcoin Cash BCH 
$7,959,571,276.00 
$426.93 
10 
Binance Coin BNB 
$7,741,198,896.00 
$50.09 
11 
Stellar XLM 
$7,376,948,222.00 
$0.3312 
12 
USD Coin USDC 
$5,910,419,914.00 
$1.00 
13 
Uniswap UNI 
$5,328,283,288.00 
$18.41 
14 
Wrapped Bitcoin WBTC 
$4,107,458,037.00 
$34,906.54 
15 
Dogecoin DOGE  
$4,011,014,920.00 
$0.03129 
16 
Aave AAVE 
$3,527,303,734.00 
$289.65 
17 
Bitcoin SV BSV 
$3,328,473,233.00 
$178.57 
18 
EOS EOS 
$2,836,198,648.00 
$2.98 
19 
Monero XMR 
$2,613,113,702.00 
$146.82 
20 
NEM XEM 
$2,397,977,123.00 
$0.2661 
21 
TRON TRX 
$2,360,960,267.00 
$0.03295 
22 
Tezos XTZ 
$2,191,636,440.00 
$2.89 
23 
THETA THETA 
$2,095,914,641.00 
$2.10 
24 
Synthetix SNX 
$1,885,848,374.00 
$16.52 
25 
Cosmos ATOM 
$1,863,530,669.00 
$8.92 
26 
VeChain VET 
$1,846,431,685.00 
$0.02865 
27 
Maker MKR 
$1,698,540,763.00 
$1,700.59 
28 
Dai DAI 
$1,681,602,661.00 
$1.00 
29 
Neo NEO 
$1,644,487,199.00 
$23.34 
30 
SushiSwap SUSHI 
$1,628,972,746.00 
$12.82 
31 
Compound COMP 
$1,598,418,040.00 
$349.41 
32 
Crypto.com Coin CRO 
$1,430,638,574.00 
$0.06247 
33 
Binance USD BUSD 
$1,426,568,989.00 
$1.00 
34 
Solana SOL 
$1,364,432,041.00 
$5.25 
35 
Huobi Token HT 
$1,336,046,804.00 
$6.85 
36 
UNUS SED LEO LEO 
$1,300,143,104.00 
$1.30 
37 
FTX Token FTT 
$1,173,846,860.00 
$12.44 
38 
Celsius CEL 
$1,169,355,042.00 
$4.90 
39 
IOTAM IOTA 
$1,157,795,318.00 
$0.4165 
40 
Elrond EGLD 
$1,096,522,205.00 
$66.09 
41 
Filecoin FIL 
$1,079,111,259.00 
$22.61 
42 
Dash DASH 
$1,066,565,663.00 
$107.14 
43 
Zcash ZEC 
$1,020,678,813.00 
$92.41 
44 
Avalanche AVAX 
$1,005,857,420.00 
$13.07 
45 
Revain REV 
$992,478,781.00 
$0.01167

--- Page 7 ---
7 
46 
Terra LUNA 
$991,169,198.00 
$2.05 
47 
The Graph GRT  
$966,565,008.00 
$0.7729 
48 
yearn.finance YFI 
$919,992,020.00 
$30,609.75 
49 
Ethereum Classic ETC 
$891,060,251.00 
$7.65 
50 
Kusama KSM 
$865,846,420.00 
$102.38 
 
The data regarding market capitalization and price per unit in USD reflects such data as of 6pm on 
2 February 2021. Such data is not indicative of future performance of the Certificates or any single 
Digital Asset. Third party source: coinmarketcap.com.  
The relevant Digital Asset will be chosen from the list of eligible assets above, subject to any limitations 
pursuant to applicable local legal and regulatory requirements. For example, Swiss Certificates listed on 
SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd can, at the date of this Base Prospectus, only be based on underlying assets of 
the 15 largest cryptoassets as referenced from coinmarketcap.com. 
1.6. Common features of Digital Assets 
In general, many digital asset ecosystems are based on the original code, logic and technical details of 
either the Bitcoin or the Ethereum protocol. 
Bitcoin was the first blockchain ever developed. It was invented in 2008 by an unknown person or group 
of people using the pseudonym Satoshi Nakamoto who published a white paper that defined the 
framework for the Bitcoin cryptocurrency. He implemented the Bitcoin software as an open-source-
code and released the Bitcoin network in January 2009 when he mined the first block of the chain, 
known as the genesis block. Nakamoto disappeared in 2010 after handing over control of the blockchain 
to Gavin Andresen who subsequently went on to decentralize control over the future development of 
the Bitcoin blockchain. Even though Bitcoin has seen large price swings in these 11 years, it has 
established itself as the most widely held and biggest cryptocurrency by market capitalization and is 
characterized by their good amount of decentralization, limited supply, relative anonymity, durability, 
immutability, fungibility and divisibility.  
Bitcoin is used as a form of electronic cash for digital payments. The payment system is based on 
mathematical proof, is decentralized and operates without a central bank or a single administrating 
authority. Transactions can be done user to user or peer to peer without the involvement of an 
intermediary. Bitcoin can also be traded on certain crypto currency exchanges and can be converted to 
traditional fiat currencies. 
Generally, Bitcoin transactions are cryptographically registered on a public distributed ledger called a 
blockchain. All transactions are continuously verified by the Bitcoin network, a decentralized 
community of users and miners that are validating all transactions that are taking place in the Bitcoin 
ecosystem. 
 
Bitcoin is open-source software and anyone is entitled to contribute to its development. A de-facto 
standard implementation is maintained by a group of developers known as “Core Developers”, who are 
unofficially responsible for the periodic protocol updates. At any time, a new update made by the “Core 
Developers”, or a new competing implementation, may be presented to the Bitcoin community for 
inclusion into the protocol. Any such update request is subject to the approval of the processing power 
on the Bitcoin Network.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
If the Bitcoin Network accepts the update unanimously, the whole system is upgraded and no “fork” 
takes place. However, if only a part of the processing power decides to support the new version a “fork” 
will take place, with one network (and the coin associated with it) running the original, pre-modification 
protocol version and the other network (and its associated coin) running the modified protocol version. 
Indeed, multiple update requests may be presented at the same time, causing one or multiple “forks” to 
occur simultaneously. This has happened several times.  
In 2011, Charlie Lee changed some key parameters of the Bitcoin code to create Litecoin. He increased 
the total supply of the currency to a maximum of 84 million Litecoin from Bitcoin’s original supply 
limit of 21 million, he reduced the target block confirmation time to 2.5 minutes from Bitcoin’s original 
target block size of 10 minutes and he implemented a memory-hard function in its proof-of-work 
algorithm to validate the blocks which makes it more complicated and more expensive to mine than 
Bitcoin. 
Bitcoin Cash is also a result of a hard fork of Bitcoin in 2017 when a group of Bitcoin developers created 
a replica of the blockchain to resolve perceived problems with the Bitcoin scalability. Roger Ver was a 
driving force in this process committing to make Bitcoin Cash the preferred medium of exchange by 
expanding its block size to 8 megabytes compared to Bitcoin’s 1 megabyte. Key metrics block rewards 
schedule, target block time and supply limit were left to be the same as for Bitcoin. 
In November 2018, Bitcoin Cash hard forked into Bitcoin Cash and Bitcoin SV after two rival groups 
in the original Bitcoin Cash ecosystem disagreed over scalability.  
In November 2018, two rival groups, “Bitcoin Adjustable Blocksize Cap” with Roger Ver and Jihan Wu 
of Bitmain on one side, and “Bitcoin Satoshi’s Vision” with Craig Wright and Calvin Ayre on the other 
side disagreed on a number of issues around scalability. This resulted in a hard fork of the original 
Bitcoin Cash Blockchain into Bitcoin Cash allowing for a block size of 32 megabytes and Bitcoin SV 
allowing for a block size of 128 megabytes. 
Ethereum, today’s second most valuable crypto currency when measured by market capitalization, was 
first floated as a project concept in 2013. is based on an initial description of the project by programmers 
Vitalik Buterin and Gavin Wood from 2013. When the Ethereum blockchain was released in July 2015, 
about 64% of the current supply of about 112 million coins have been minted. Blocks are added to the 
Ethereum blockchain by miners that receive a block reward of 2 freshly minted ETH, the native currency 
for the Ethereum platform, when validating all transactions in a block using a proof of work consensus 
algorithm.  
Ethereum is an open-source, decentralized software platform that enables developers to create smart 
contracts and build distributed applications that run on the Ethereum blockchain. The native Ethereum 
digital asset is ETH. 
The original Ethereum blockchain hard-forked into Ethereum ETH and Ethereum Classic ETC in 2016 
following the exploitation of a flaw in DAO’s project’s smart contract software. Both these blockchains 
are using ERC20 tokens, which were designed to be shared, exchanged or stored.  
ERC20 is the universal language that makes use of a standardized set of commands that all ERC20 
tokens, even on different blockchains, use which makes interaction between them possible. Examples 
of such coins include ChainLink (LINK), Binance Coin (BNB), EOS, Crypto.com (CRO), LEO Token, 
TRON, Huobi Token (HT), VeChain, Compound (COMP), OKB, Icon, Maker and many others.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Ripple is a private fintech company that provides global payment solutions. The intention was to connect 
global banks that can use its real-time settlement system, currency exchange and remittance network for 
international transactions with high throughput and very low fees. XRP functions as the native token in 
the system. XRP total supply is capped at 100 billion coins of which some 45% are currently circulating. 
Contrary to other protocols that use a more decentralized way to validate the blockchain, Ripple uses a 
consensus mechanism that is operated by a number of trusted, centralized validators.  
All blockchains are maintained by its validators, no matter if centralized or decentralized. If only a part 
of the processing power decides to support a new version a “fork” will take place, with one network 
(and the coin associated with it) running the original, pre-modification protocol version and the other 
network (and its associated coin) running the modified protocol version. Indeed, multiple update 
requests may be presented at the same time, causing multiple “forks” to occur simultaneously.  
Holders of particular digital asset coin before a forking event will technically own each of the resulting 
coins as well, as they share a common transaction history before the fork. Which of such resulting coins 
may henceforth be recognized by which community as being (the true or real) “coin” can often be 
difficult to determine for a period of time following such a fork. Digital asset exchanges have a 
particularly significant function to play in the determination in such regard. 
“Forks” within a network of a particular digital asset coin are not an uncommon occurrence and notice 
of a forthcoming fork is typically commonly obtained well in advance. There are particular 
circumstances for each fork and their relative significance varies. It is possible that a particular fork may 
result in a significant disruption to the underlying asset and, potentially, may result in a market 
disruption event should pricing become problematic following the fork. It is not possible to predict, with 
accuracy, the impact which any anticipated fork could have or for how long any resulting disruption 
may exist. 
There is a distinction to be drawn between “hard fork” and “soft fork”. A “soft fork” is a backwards- 
compatible system upgrade where parts of the network running the original protocol version continue 
to operate as they used to prior to the fork, while parts of the network running the updated protocol 
version can take advantage of the new functionality in the update. In contrast, a “hard fork” involves a 
software update which is not backward-compatible, where parts of the network running the original and 
updated protocol versions are unable to cooperate anymore. This may result in a permanent diversion in 
the Digital Asset Network in question. Following a “hard fork”, both the original and new (“forked”) 
versions run in parallel, each following a different set of software rules. Consequently, users on one 
chain will not be able to transfer its coins to the other chain. 
A fork which results in the creation of a new coin presents a number of operational difficulties. A 
provider of custodian services may not have the IT-infrastructure to cater for the new coin and its 
particular characteristics. Indeed, “wallets” may also not have the requisite software in order to receive 
the new coin. The new coin(s) may not readily be sellable (indeed, providers of custodial services have 
often been keen to either not release the new coin or to do so only at certain, moments, in order to protect 
the security of their custodial systems). If and when a sale does become possible, the degree of market 
activity at that time in the relevant new coin can have a significant suppressant effect upon its price. 
Price discovery in respect of the coins which result from a fork is not typically problematic but there 
may be an impact upon the Issuer’s creation and redemption processes (specifically, the timescales 
involved in connection therewith for transactions which have not yet settled, including transactions that 
have already been initiated) as a consequence of the foregoing operational considerations.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
It may be necessary for the Issuer’s listing to be suspended for a period whilst the determination of the 
coin which is accepted as continuing to be the “true” new particular digital asset coin in question, is 
undertaken. The need for any such suspension is considered to be a reflection of the market dynamics 
for the underlying asset, rather than a deficiency to which the Issuer is uniquely subject. 
In the event of a future fork of any particular digital asset blockchain, the Issuer will strive, acting 
commercially reasonable and with due consideration of any applicable legal, regulatory, issuance and 
clearing constraints and administrative burden, to maximize the value for the investors of the Certificate. 
But it is worth noting that it is impossible today to predict all possible scenarios in a transformation 
event. The Issuer will, on a case by case basis, analyse and subjectively decide on the optimal strategy 
while always keeping the best interest of the investors in mind. At all times will the Issuer transparently 
communicate the chosen course of action on its homepage as soon as reasonably practicable. If the Issuer 
in the future receives any income relating to the tokens that are owned in order to hedge its exposure to 
the underlying digital asset, either from airdrops or other yet unknown sources, any such net proceeds 
will form part of the Issuer’s own funds. 
1.7. Common marketplaces for Digital Assets 
In order to hedge its exposure to each Digital Asset, the Issuer relies on cryptocurrency exchanges to be 
able to buy and sell the Digital Assets which the Certificates track. Some of these exchanges may be 
unregulated and exposure to these exchanges may be associated with risks. Valour applies a strict policy 
for counterparty risks, meaning that the Issuer only is exposed to these markets to the extent necessary 
for the daily business. Valour further applies conservative risk policies whereby only a certain part of 
the Issuer’s total assets is held at an exchange at any given point in time. The amount which is held at 
any given exchange depends on the estimated liquidity need of that particular Certificate in a given time 
period and may fluctuate significantly from time to time. The above-mentioned exchanges are among 
eligible marketplaces and are described in more detail below: 
Bitfinex (www.bitfinex.com) 
In 2012, operating company iFinex founded Bitfinex in the Cayman Islands and set up headquarters in 
Hong Kong. Bitfinex is one of the oldest cryptocurrency exchanges that started as a peer-to-peer margin 
lending platform for Bitcoin. It has since moved on to become one of the most liquid cryptocurrency 
exchanges offering its customers an advanced trading platform in a number of the biggest crypto 
currencies while at the same time allowing for fiat on ramp solutions.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Bitstamp (www.bitstamp.com) 
 
Bitstamp is Europe’s biggest cryptocurrency exchange and based in Luxembourg. Since 2016, Bitstamp 
is fully regulated in the EU as a payment institution and allows trading in a rather limited amount of 
cryptocurrency coins versus fiat currencies (USD, EUR and others). The company was founded in 2011 
as a European alternative to then dominant exchanges in other parts of the world and is currently having 
operations in Luxembourg, London and Slovenia. Recently, Bitstamp has been granted a virtual 
currency dealing license by the New York financial regulator. 
 
Coinbase (www.coinbase.com) 
 
Coinbase is a digital assets exchange headquartered in San Francisco, USA. The company was co-
founded in 2012 by acting CEO Brian Armstrong and received significant early investments of several 
venture capital firms. Coinbase is known for its rather limited number of available cryptocurrency pairs 
against a rather large number of different fiat currencies. The parent company is currently running 
Coinbase, Coinbase Pro and GDAX. The former is catering to newcomers in the cryptocurrency space 
while the latter two are focusing on larger traders and institutional investors. Coinbase is a regulated 
entity that complies with all applicable laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which it operates. 
 
Kraken (www.kraken.com) 
 
Kraken is a cryptocurrency exchange based in San Francisco, USA. Kraken is registered as a licensed 
Money Services Business in the USA and Canada. The Exchange is owned by Payward Inc and is headed 
by CEO and co-founder Jesse Powell who founded the exchange in 2011. Soon after it started operations 
in 2013, it was the first exchange to list its BTC/USD pair on Bloomberg Terminal. In 2014, Kraken 
was the first crypto exchange to pass a proof-of-reserves audit. Their trading platform, which allows 
trading in a number of cryptocurrencies versus a variety of fiat currencies, has recently added futures 
trading after it acquired British company Crypto Facilities Ltd. Kraken is a leading exchange for 
European investors who trade crypto currencies, in particular Bitcoin, versus Euros.  
Binance (www.binance.com) 
 
Binance was founded by Changpeng Zhao in China in 2017. Binance has since then established 
subsidiaries in a number of countries and moved headquarters to Malta. Binance has repeatedly been a 
trend setter and early adopter of new ideas which resulted in the company offering clients a rather big 
choice of currency pairs compared to other exchanges. Binance is widely recognized as one of the largest 
exchanges in terms of trading volume in the last two years. They have created its own token, Binance 
Coin, initially an ERC20 coin that subsequently moved over to the Binance blockchain where it serves 
as the native coin. 
OKEX (www.okex.com) 
 
OKEX was founded in 2014 by Chinese investor Star Xu who also created OKCoin, originally the 
parent-company of OKEX in 2013. OKEX was one of the early Chinese cryptocurrency exchanges but 
has moved headquarters to Malta in 2018 while officially being registered in the Seychelles. 
The company has since grown to one of the world’s biggest exchanges offering a host of derivative 
products besides a large amount of token trading pairs. OKEX is today serving millions of users in over 
100 countries. The company has started its own blockchain in 2019 on which the OKB coin became the 
native token after having been started earlier on as an ERC20 token.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Huobi (www.huobi.com) 
 
Huobi was founded in 2013 by Chinese entrepreneur Leon Li and is one of the three early Chinese 
cryptocurrency exchanges. Upon the start of Huobi Pro and subsequently Huobi Global, the company 
moved headquarters to Singapore in 2018, created subsidiaries in 12 countries and became one of the 
leading cryptocurrency exchanges which today serves customers in over 100 countries around the world. 
The landscape and services offered by marketplaces for digital assets has changed quite swiftly over the 
last few years and is likely to continue to do so. At the start of the blockchain era, cryptocurrency 
exchanges have simply offered a venue for trading of digital assets and custody services. Recently, many 
cryptocurrency exchanges have expanded their platforms and offer clients a wide range of wallet 
services, mining, staking, incubation, research as well as a growing suite of derivative solutions.  
 
1.8. Examples of returns on the Certificates 
 
For the purpose of explaining the calculation of the value of the Certificate, an illustrative is included 
below (the illustration assumes that the Settlement Currency is SEK):  
 
 
 
Eligible Market Places 
Exchange 
 
1 
2 
3 
4 
SDA/USD (last paid) 
 
9340 
9360 
9348 
9341 
SDA/USD (average) 
 
(9340+9360+9348+9341) / 4 = 
9347.25 
USD/SEK (mid-price) 
 
9.7125 
SDA/SEK (“Asset-Level”) 
 
9352.25*9.7125=90,785.1656 
Aggregate daily management fee subtracted 
(2.5% per annum) 
 
90,785.1656-6.2182=90,778.9474 
Apply the multiplier (1/1000) 
 
90,778.9474*0.001=90.7789 
Fair value of the SDA Tracker in SEK 
(“Reference Price”) 
 
90.78 
 
Furthermore, for purpose of exemplifying the product and the components affecting the value of the 
product, examples of outcomes are shown below. 
An investor buys 100 lots of Valour’s Single Digital Asset Tracker (SDA) at 90 SEK per certificate for 
a notional value of 9,000 SEK. Assuming that after 90 days, the value of SDA/USD has increased by 
5% and the exchange rate USD/SEK has increased by 1%. Assuming linear performance, the 
management fee paid during the period is 0.5714 SEK per certificate or 57.14 SEK in notional value. 
The total performance after fees is 5.3651% and the investor’s certificates are worth 94.83 SEK per 
certificate or 9,482.86 SEK in notional value. 
An investor buys 2,000 lots of Valour’s SDA Tracker at 5 EUR per certificate for a notional value of 
10,000 EUR. Assuming that after 540 days, the value of SDA/USD has increased by 35% and the value 
of the exchange rate EUR/USD has increased by 5%. Assuming linear performance, the management 
fee paid during the period is 0.22192 EUR per certificate or 443.8356 EUR in notional value. The total 
performance after fees is 35.562% and the investor’s certificates are worth 6.78 EUR per certificate or 
13,556.16 EUR in notional value. 
An investor buys 200 lots of Valour’s SDA Tracker at 50 SEK per certificate for a notional value of 
10,000 SEK. Assuming that after 180 days, the value of SDA/USD has decreased by 20% and the 
exchange rate USD/SEK has increased by 8%. Assuming linear performance, the management fee paid

--- Page 13 ---
13 
during the period is 0.57945 SEK per certificate or 115.89041 SEK in notional value. The total 
performance after fees is -13.159% and the investor’s certificates are worth 43.42 SEK per certificate 
or 8,684.11 SEK in notional value. 
1.9. The Certificates and exchange selection 
Through the Certificates, investors are exposed to the relevant Digital Asset as traded in USD. There is 
no investment strategy or investment policy of the kind that is normally included in an index, instead 
the exposure to a single underlying asset priced in USD stays put during the entire duration.  
Selection process and weighting: As described above, the price information is collected from four 
sources and the arithmetic average is used in the calculation. However, only one underlying asset (the 
Digital Asset) is included which is priced in USD. The purpose of using four sources is to reach an 
increased reliability compared to the use of only one price source.  
Calculation method: The method and the formula to make the relevant calculations under the Certificates 
have been described above and are stated in detail in the Terms and Conditions as these are 
complemented by the Final Terms for a particular issue.  
Adjustment rules: In the event of a price source not fulfilling the criteria of an "Eligible Market Place" 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, this price source will be excluded. Should there not be a 
sufficient number of other Eligible Marketplaces, the number of price sources used may decrease. The 
Terms and Conditions further contain regulations of the effect of a Disruption Event (see the definition 
of "Disruption Event" and section 5.3 of the Terms and Conditions).  
Calculation agent: The Issuer is the Calculation Agent (unless another party has been specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or succeeded the Issuer in such capacity) and it decides whether a Disruption Event 
has occurred, criteria are fulfilled and makes the calculation in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions. 
Re-weighting frequency: The exposure (i.e. the exposure towards the Digital Asset) is fixed during the 
duration of the Certificates and does not change.  
Currency: The price determination of the underlying asset is made in USD. Where the Settlement 
Currency is other than USD, e.g. SEK or EUR, a recalculation is made from USD to SEK or, as 
applicable, to EUR, in order to confirm the amount to be calculated under the Certificates. 
 
1.10. Application for admittance to trading on regulated markets and multilateral trading 
facilities (MTFs) 
The Issuer intends to initially apply for admittance of the Certificates to trading on the Nordic MTF 
operated by Nordic Growth Market NGM AB in Stockholm, Sweden, a subsidiary of Bourse Stuttgart 
in Stuttgart, Germany. At a later stage and subject to regulatory requirements, the Issuer may apply for 
the Certificates to be admitted to trading on a regulated market or any other marketplace, such as an 
MTF, in Sweden and/or in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, 
the Netherlands, Norway, and Spain and/or, subject to completion of relevant notification measures, any 
other Member State within the EEA. 
In no case can there be any assurance given that such application will be accepted or that it will be 
possible to maintain any granted admission to trading.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
1.11. Secondary market in Sweden 
If the application for admission to trading is approved by the relevant regulated market or MTF in 
Sweden, Mangold Fondkommission AB will act as market maker and will under normal market 
conditions maintain a secondary market. Mangold Fondkommission AB will maintain a secondary 
market by providing bid and offer prices. These prices may be significantly lower than they were when 
the Certificates were purchased. During abnormal market conditions the secondary market can be 
illiquid. Similarly, the Issuer may appoint Mangold or one or more other parties to act as market-maker 
in relation to other relevant regulated markets, MTF’s or other marketplaces. 
1.12. Form of Certificates 
The form of the Certificates, which may be Materialized Certificates or Dematerialized Certificates, will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Materialized Certificates 
Materialized Certificates are Certificates issued in registered form represented on issue by the global 
certificates security in registered form and title thereto shall depend upon the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream.  No Certificates in definitive form shall be issued. 
Dematerialized Certificates 
Dematerialized Certificates are issued in registered, dematerialized and uncertificated book-entry form 
in accordance with: 
(a) 
the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. 
lag (1998:1479) om centrala värdepappersförvarare och kontoföring av finansiella 
instrument) (“Swedish Certificates”); or 
(b) 
the art. 973c of the Swiss Code of Obligations, the Swiss Federal Act on Intermediate 
Securities (the “FISA”) and the regulations of SIX SIS AG (“Swiss Certificates”); 
in each case in the Settlement Currency for the relevant Certificates. 
No physical document of title will be issued in respect of dematerialized Certificates. 
The applicable law regarding title with respect to the dematerialised Certificates will be: 
(A) 
Swedish law as regards Swedish Certificates; 
(B) 
Swiss law as regards Swiss Certificates; and 
In the case of Swiss Certificates, dematerialised Certificates will be created by the Issuer by means of a 
registration in its register of uncertificated securities (Wertrechtebuch). The Issuer will maintain the 
register of uncertificated securities. Intermediated securities will be created in accordance with art. 6 (2) 
FISA by entering such uncertificated securities in the main register of uncertificated securities 
(Hauptregister) maintained by SIX SIS AG based on an agreement concluded between SIS and the 
Swiss Issuing and Paying Agent or any other eligible entity, acting as custodian (Verwahrungsstelle) as 
defined in art. 4 FISA, which - in the case of SIX SIS AG - is available to the public on the website of 
SIX SIS AG under https://secure.six-securities-services.com/registration/WertrechteIsinReport, and (ii) 
SIX SIS AG or any other eligible entity, acting as custodian, crediting the respective rights to securities 
accounts of one or more of its account holders in accordance with art. 4 and 6 FISA. As long as the

--- Page 15 ---
15 
Swiss Certificates constitute intermediated securities, the Swiss Certificates may only be transferred or 
otherwise disposed of in accordance with the provisions of the FISA and the regulations of SIX SIS AG. 
In general, the records of a custodian will determine the number of Swiss Certificates held through each 
account holder with such custodian. In respect of the Swiss Certificates held in the form of intermediated 
securities, the investors will be the persons holding the Swiss Certificates in a securities account with 
such custodian in their own name and for their own account. The investor’s entitlement to intermediated 
securities is based on its relevant securities account. An investor may at any time require its custodian 
to draw up a statement of the intermediated securities credited to its securities account in accordance 
with art. 16 FISA. Investors must rely on the procedures of SIX SIS Ltd and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and their financial intermediary/custodian, to receive payments under the relevant Swiss 
Certificates. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for failure of SIX SIS Ltd and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and/or custodian to fulfil their obligations to investors. 
1.13. Agents 
The Issuer may enter into one or more agreements with a local issuing agent in each applicable 
jurisdiction in connection with the issue of Certificates in dematerialized form or (b) one or more 
agreements with a local paying agent in respect of payments to be made in the relevant jurisdiction, 
and/or (c) one or more agreements with a local listing agent where required under relevant listing rules 
or otherwise is deemed appropriate, in each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
1.14. Conflicts of interest 
Valour is the Issuer of the Certificates offered under the Program. The Issuer will also act as Calculation 
Agent and will therefore calculate the amounts to be paid to investors in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions. As Calculation Agent, the Issuer may need to determine whether certain events have taken 
place or if certain adjustments shall be made in case of, for instance, market disruptions. As a 
consequence, situations may arise where conflict of interests may occur between the interests of Valour 
as the Issuer and the interests of the investors. 
1.15. No administrator under the Benchmark Regulation 
The Reference Price is not a benchmark subject to Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments 
and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 Regulation (the “Benchmark 
Regulation”).  
The Issuer is not an administrator included in the register referred to in Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation. Nor is any administrator registered in said register participating in the calculation of the 
Reference Price or any other value or amount made pursuant to the terms and conditions of the 
Certificates.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
2. 
RISK FACTORS 
This section contains a number of risk factors, both risks pertaining to the Issuer and pertaining to the 
Certificates. The assessment of materiality of each risk factor is based on the probability of their 
occurrence and the expected magnitude of their adverse impact is disclosed by rating the relevant risk 
as low, medium or high. 
The risk factors are presented in categories where the most material risk factors in a category is/are 
presented first under such category. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not ranked in order 
of materiality or probability of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than one 
category, such risk factor appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. 
Terms defined in "Terms and Conditions" or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meaning 
in this section, unless otherwise expressly stated.  
The attention of the investors is drawn to the fact that they could sustain an entire or partial loss of their 
investment. 
Risk factors relating to the Issuer 
At this point in time, the Issuer has identified the factors listed below that could affect the business of 
the Issuer and the Issuer’s position in the market. 
Dependency on the developments of the digital assets sector 
At the moment, the focus of the Issuer's business activities is the issuance of certificates relating to 
various digital assets and the hedging thereof. As a consequence, industrywide event having a negative 
impact on digital assets will constitute risks specific to the Issuer as it has no other business activities. 
Many of the digital asset protocols are based on open source software which results in a permanent 
process of evolution which it could mean that the Issuer may, at some stage in the future, not be able to 
adapt to such changed circumstances which would have a negative effect on the Issuer and its capability 
to carry out its business. Perception as well as trust in digital assets may suddenly shift which could lead 
to a decreased ability for the issuer to access its digital assets at the cryptocurrency exchanges where it 
holds some of its cash or coins. Similarly, the Issuer is exposed to the risk that any of its counterparties 
does not fulfil their obligations which could have a negative effect on its business and its financial 
position if the risk occurs.  
Risk assessment: High 
Risks associated with ownership of Digital Assets and Wallets 
Rather than the actual Digital Asset (which are “stored” on the blockchain), a Digital Asset wallet stores 
the information necessary to transact the relevant Digital Asset. Those digital credentials are needed so 
one can access and spend the relevant Digital Asset. Many Digital Assets use public-key-cryptography 
in which two cryptographic keys, one public and one private, are generated and stored in a wallet.  
It is paramount for any owner of digital assets to make sure that these assets are stored in the safest 
possible way and that private keys are kept as secret as possible in order to prevent loss, theft, 
infringement or other challenges that could result in the loss of control of the assets. Valour is defining 
the guideline around the handling of its digital assets’ custodial details in its own, internal rules and 
regulations document. Mistreatment of private keys and wallets is highly likely to result in the loss of a

--- Page 17 ---
17 
substantial part or all of the assets in question and would have a devastating effect on the value of the 
Certificates and the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Certificates. 
Risk assessment: High 
Risks associated with the Issuer’s organization 
The Issuer will act as an issuer of exchange traded certificates linked to various digital assets and the 
hedging thereof (including but not limited to the Certificates described in this Base Prospectus). 
Investors must be aware of the short business history of the company which was formed as recently as 
June 2019 and has due to the short business history not yet had the possibility to prove that it can make 
a profit out of its business idea. Investors in the Certificates will be exposed to the creditworthiness of 
the Issuer. There is no collateral, guarantee or other form of creditor protection available for investors 
in the Certificates. 
Other operational risks include the potential of insufficient internal routines, errors caused by humans 
or computer systems. The Issuer has implemented a very stringent set of internal rules that define 
guidelines including for the risk management of positions, market making of the certificates and as well 
as the ways its digital assets can and must be stored. In the event of breach or other non-compliance 
with the Issuers internal rules and guidelines regarding hedging, secondary market trading activities 
and/or storage of digital assets, or if a perpetrated attack from the outside occurs on its premises, 
computer or storage systems, the Issuer may suffer significant economic losses and its reputation may 
be impaired limiting its ability to attract new business.  
Risk assessment: Medium 
Regulatory and legal risk factors 
The Issuer is a company which is regulated by various laws and regulations of the Cayman Islands. The 
Issuer cannot fully anticipate all changes that in the future may be made to laws and regulations to which 
the Issuer is subject to in the future, nor the possible impact of all such changes. The Issuer's ability to 
conduct its business is dependent on the ability to comply with rules and regulations. If the Issuer would 
be found to be in breach of regulations applicable to the Issuer could result in fines or adverse publicity 
which could have a material adverse effect on the business which in turn may lead to decreased results 
of operations and the company’s financial condition. 
The Issuer is subject to many different forms of taxation including but not limited to corporate taxes, 
income tax, withholding tax, value added tax and social security and other payroll related taxes. Tax law 
and administration is complex and often requires the Issuer to make subjective determinations. The tax 
authorities may not agree with the determinations that are made with respect to the application of tax 
law. Such disagreements could result in lengthy legal disputes and potentially in the payment of 
substantial amounts for tax, interest and penalties, which could have a material effect on the Issuer's 
results of operations. 
The Issuer's involvement in such proceedings or settlements as well as potential new legislation or 
regulations, decisions by public authorities or changes regarding the application of or interpretation of 
existing legislation, regulations or decisions by public authorities applicable to the Issuer's operations, 
the Certificates and / or the underlying assets, may adversely affect the Issuer's business or an investment 
in the Certificates. 
Risk assessment: Medium

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Competition 
There are several other issuers that have listed similar tracker-products in various forms and markets. If 
the Issuer fails to compete successfully with such competitors or if the competition would increase 
significantly by new market entrants, such development may seriously impact the profitability and 
creditworthiness of Valour. 
Risk assessment: Medium 
 
Risk factors relating to the Certificates 
General  
The Certificates are designed to mirror the performance of the underlying asset, i.e. the price of the 
relevant single Digital Asset, as detailed in the General Conditions in this Base Prospectus and the 
relevant Final Terms. The fact that the underlying asset is denominated in USD while the Certificates 
may have a different Settlement Currency, e.g. SEK or EUR, implies that the value of the Certificates 
is also subject to fluctuations in the exchange rates of the USD to the Settlement Currency (e.g. SEK or 
EUR). The Certificates thus represent a synthetic exposure to the relevant single Digital Asset and the 
USD through an unsecured debt obligation which the investor holds until they are either sold, have been 
redeemed or have expired. By definition, the Certificates are therefore neither fully nor partially capital 
protected by law or by its design and thus pose a risk for investors where they could lose parts or the 
entire invested amount. The return of the Certificates may be more or less than what a comparable 
investment directly in the relevant single Digital Asset would yield. 
Historical prices are no guarantee for or indication of future price levels for the Certificates and / or the 
relevant single Digital Asset in relation to USD. Historical trading patterns do not need to repeat 
themselves in the future, and, if an investor relies on historical trading patterns in the context of a 
forward-looking investment strategy. 
An individual investor in the Certificate may also be exposed to changes in the regulatory and taxation 
environment, both on a personal level as well as by owning an instrument which tracks the performance 
of an underlying assets which may be subject to changes in the same. Regulatory changes targeting 
digital assets may focus on limited possibilities to invest in such assets as well as transferable securities 
linked to such assets which may impair investors ability to divest from an investment in the Certificates. 
Similarly, changes in tax regimes may provide for disincentives to invest in digital assets or transferable 
securities linked to such assets which may impair an investor net result from an investment in the 
Certificates compared to the expected position at the time of the investment decision.  
Risk assessment: High 
Risks due to the technical design of digital assets that may lead to a loss of confidence  
The source code of digital assets such as each Digital Asset is public and may be downloaded and viewed 
by anyone. Despite this, there may be a bug in the respective code which is yet to be found and repaired, 
which may jeopardize the integrity and security of one or more of these networks. 
Should miners for reasons yet unknown cease to register completed transactions within blocks which 
have been detached from the blockchain, the confidence in the protocol and network will be reduced, 
which will reduce the value of the digital assets associated with that protocol.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
Since the protocols for Digital Assets are public open source software, they could be particularly 
vulnerable to hacker attacks, which is damaging for the digital assets market and can be the cause for 
investors to choose other currencies or assets to invest in. 
Risk assessment: High 
Political, regulatory risk in the market of digital assets 
The legal status of digital assets and inter alia the relevant single Digital Asset varies between different 
countries. The lack of consensus concerning the regulation of digital assets and how such currencies 
shall be handled tax wise causes insecurity regarding their legal status. As regulatory clarity around 
digital assets is still evolving, there is a risk that politics and future regulations will affect the market of 
digital assets and companies operating in such market. Exactly how future politics and regulations may 
affect the market is impossible to know. However, future regulations and changes in the legal status of 
the digital assets is a political risk which may affect the price development of the relevant single Digital 
Asset. If the Issuer fails in complying with them, this may lead to the Issuer incurring losses and it may 
also have an adverse impact on the Issuer's ability to carry out its business. 
The perception (and the extent to which it is held) that there is significant usage of the digital assets in 
connection with criminal or other illicit purposes, could materially influence the development and 
regulation of digital assets (potentially by curtailing the same), although there is increasing evidence 
that this is not the case. 
Future regulation of any Digital Asset or other digital assets in general may negatively impact upon the 
market for such currency, as well as upon the ones that operate in the Digital Asset markets. 
Risk assessment: High 
Risk factors related to underlying assets and the secondary market 
The price determination in the secondary market follows customary market mechanisms relating to the 
Certificates and their exposure. The price levels in the secondary market may thus over time move either 
higher or lower than the price which investors have purchased their Certificates for. Although the price 
determination of the Certificates in the secondary market is based on established calculation models, as 
specified in the General Conditions in this Base Prospectus, it is dependent upon the underlying 
development of the market as well as the market's conception of the Issuer's credit status, the Certificates' 
probable remaining duration. In the light of the volatility which that the prices for each Digital Asset 
have observed historically, it seems possible that the price determination of the Certificates in the 
secondary market will be very volatile. 
Even if the Certificates are listed on a regulated market in Sweden and therefore are available for trading 
in this market, there may not always be a bid/offer spread or sufficient volume in the market to fill the 
desired order of an investor due to the fact that the market maker obligations are limited as described in 
the market maker rules of the exchange in question. The Issuer is interested to have a reliable price 
development in the Certificates and intends to engage market maker(s) for the purpose of having a tight 
and stable bid/offer spread in the market throughout the entire day. However, a disturbance in these 
arrangements can result in investors being unable to sell their Certificates at a desired time or at a price 
which is comparable to similar investments that have an existing and functioning secondary market. The 
missing liquidity could besides an interruption of operations of the secondary market have an adverse 
effect of the market value of the Certificates.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
Within the Final Terms of each Series of Certificates, a condition will describe the valuation time for 
the relevant exchange rate and for the calculation of the value of the relevant single Digital Asset. In the 
case of the latter, it will typically (and potentially exclusively) be the case that a valuation window of a 
number of hours (commonly 12:00-16:00 CET) will apply. The value of the relevant single Digital Asset 
being calculated as the unweighted average price of the relevant exchanges of the weighted average 
price for the period of each underlying exchange (separately). Within this valuation window, movements 
in the price of the Certificates to which the window is applied will track movements in the price of the 
relevant single Digital Asset. However, throughout the remainder of a trading day, it is quite possible 
that market forces will allow deviation between movements in the prices of the relevant Certificates 
relative to movements in the prices of the relevant single Digital Asset. However, it is not within the 
Issuer’s control to ensure that its Certificates trade continuously at a price which equates perfectly to the 
value of the underlying cryptocurrency or, indeed, to ensure that any degree of variation between 
‘bid/ask’ and that the value of the underlying crypto currency does not exceed certain margins.  
Risk assessment: Medium 
No value creation or loss avoidance from forks, airdrops and other Transformation Events 
If a so-called ‘fork’, ‘airdrop’ or other Transformation Event (as defined in the Conditions) has occurred 
the Calculation Agent will determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, if any action will be taken to 
take such event into account and, if so, how and to what extent. The Calculation Agent will assess 
feasibility and costs associated therewith and may decide not to take any such event into account. 
Holders should not assume that any such event will result in any value creation to the benefit of Holders. 
Consequently, there is a risk that Holders will not benefit from any actual or perceived value resulting 
from and / or being available in connection with the relevant event and / or be able to avoid or reduce 
any losses associated with such event. 
Risk assessment: Medium 
Perception, Evolution, Validation and Valuation 
Each Digital Asset does not represent an intrinsic value or a form of credit. Its value is a function of the 
perspective of the participants within the marketplace for that digital asset. The price of the digital asset 
fluctuates as a result of supply and demand pressures that accumulate in the market for it. Having a finite 
supply (in the case of many but not all digital assets), the more people want to own that digital asset, the 
more the market price increases and vice-versa. 
The most common means of determining the value of a digital asset is through one or more 
cryptocurrency exchanges where that digital asset is traded. Such exchanges publicly disclose the “times 
and sales” of the various listed pairs. As the marketplace for digital assets evolves, the process for 
assessing value will become increasingly sophisticated. 
The protocols for cryptocurrencies such as the Digital Assets are publicly available and under 
development. Further development and acceptance of the protocols is dependent on a number of factors. 
The development of any of these digital assets may be prevented or delayed, should disagreements 
between participants, developers and members of the network arise. New and improved versions of the 
source code will be "voted" in by a majority of the members of the network carrying out the changes in 
their nodes, meaning upgrading their nodes to the latest version of the code. Should a situation arise 
where it is not possible to reach a majority in the network regarding the implementation of a new version 
of the protocol, this may mean that, among other things, the improvement of that protocol’s scalability

--- Page 21 ---
21 
may be restrained. Should the development of the relevant single Digital Asset protocols be prevented 
or delayed, this may adversely affect the value of the currencies. Further, if a direct compensation for 
the developers of the respective protocol is missing, it could lead to decreased incentives for continuous 
development of the protocols. Should these protocols not develop further, the value of the associated 
digital asset will decrease, which in turn would affect the value of the Certificates. 
Risk assessment: Medium 
Cyber security risks 
A 51% attack, or majority attack, is an adverse action undertaken against a blockchain network by a 
single one or a group of miners acting together. By at least temporarily controlling a majority of the 
network mining power they would probably be able to alter the blockchain in their favour by for example 
halting transactions, reversing transactions, double spending coins or causing other damage.  
Double spending is a malicious act when a hostile entity that controls more than 50% of a blockchains 
mining power spends coins on multiple occasions. 
Risk assessment: Medium 
Risk factors related to the Issuer Call Option and Investor Put Option  
The Certificates may be redeemed early on the Issuer's initiative in accordance with the General 
Conditions. Redemption on the Issuer's initiative may cause the Certificates to be redeemed when the 
value of the Certificates is lower than the purchase price of the Certificates.  
Similarly, the investor may individually require early redemption of parts or all Certificates owned by 
the relevant investor, subject to and in accordance with the General Conditions. The value of the 
Certificates will be determined by the Issuer on a later date, subsequent to the receipt of the notice.  
A potential delisting falls under this narrative as well if one or more regulated markets decide that the 
Certificates no longer should be so admitted to trading, regardless of whether this is due to circumstances 
assignable to the Issuer, the Certificates, the relevant single Digital Asset, the market maker and / or 
changed rules or any other reason, there is a risk that the Issuer will not succeed in having the Certificates 
admitted to trading on another regulated market, MTF or other marketplace. Such a course of events 
could worsen the liquidity, disposal opportunities and the market value for the Certificates and thus 
create risks of losses for investors. If a delisting would occur the Issuer will exercise its right to redeem 
the Certificates early.  
Such early settlement will occur following a notice period and the determination of the value of the 
Certificates on such later date will expose the investor to the volatility of the Certificates, meaning that 
the value of the Certificates may decrease until the Valuation Day which may cause an investor to lose 
part of or the entire investment. 
Risk assessment: Low

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
3. THE ISSUER 
3.1 Persons responsible for the Base Prospectus 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary resolutions, authorizations and approvals required in connection 
with the Certificates and the performance of its obligations relating thereto. The issue of the Certificates 
was authorized by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer on October 30, 2019. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of 
the knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the 
facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has 
been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third-party information is identified where such 
information used. 
3.2 Management, Board of Directors 
As of February 17, 2021, the Issuer has three directors: Johan Wattenström, Swedish citizen and an 
individual resident in Switzerland, Wouter Witvoet, citizen of the Netherlands and an individual resident 
of Switzerland, as well as Olivier Roussy Newton, Canadian citizen and an individual resident of 
Switzerland. 
Johan Wattenström, CEO of Valour Structured Products 
Johan has 20 years' experience from financial markets. As head of trading for companies like Danske 
Bank, Erik Penser Bank and Nordea Bank he has built proprietary trading businesses. While having 
experience from most asset classes, his primary focus has been on global equity and equity derivative 
markets. In late 2014, he co-founded XBT Provider AB, which issued the world's first SFSA-approved 
financial instruments based on bitcoin on a regulated exchange. In 2017 he co-founded Nortide Capital 
AG, a digital asset investment company. 
Wouter Witvoet 
Wouter is the CEO of Routemaster Capital Inc., a Canadian company with the objective of enhancing 
shareholder value through building and managing assets in the decentralized finance sector, and Founder 
and Chairman of SecFi, an online FinTech platform providing loans to employees of late stage private 
companies. Before SecFi, he was the Chief of Staff and Head of Asia at Karhoo. He graduated from 
University of Cambridge from where he has a background in computer science and business. Wouter is 
also elected Global Shaper by the World Economic Forum. 
Olivier Roussy Newton 
Olivier is a partner at Latent Capital, an investment fund focused on quantum computing, financial 
technology and bioinformatics. He is also the founder of Hive Blockchain, a publicly traded crypto-
mining company where he assisted 200m in institutional capital raises.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
3.3. The Issuer in brief 
The Issuer’s legal name is Valour Structured Products, Inc. The Issuer was incorporated June 18, 2019 
as a company in the Cayman Islands. The registration number of the company is 352409 and the 
company has a registered office at PO Box 10008, Willow House, Cricket Square, Grand Cayman, KY1-
1001, Cayman Islands. The Issuer’s legal entity identifier or ‘LEI’ is 9845001E5QX8B53C0N90. The 
phone number to the Issuer’s principal place of business is +41 41 710 06 41. The Issuer’s website is 
available at: www.valour.com. This website does not form part of this Base Prospectus (other than where 
information has been explicitly incorporated by reference into this Prospectus). The Issuer operates 
under Cayman Islands law.  
The company will act as an issuer of exchange traded certificates linked to various digital assets and 
other instruments in various emerging, innovative sectors, and the hedging thereof, including but not 
limited to the Certificates. 
The Issuer is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an exempt company in Cayman Islands. A 
company may apply to be registered as exempted if its objects are to be carried out mainly outside the 
Cayman Islands. An exempted company may not trade in the Cayman Islands with any person, firm or 
corporation except in furtherance of the business of the exempted company carried on outside the 
Cayman Islands unless such exempted company holds a license to carry on business in the Cayman 
Islands under any applicable law, nor may an exempted company own land in the Cayman Islands 
without the consent of the Financial Secretary of the Cayman Islands. A limited liability company that 
is not listed on the Cayman Islands Stock Exchange is also prohibited from making any invitation to the 
public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for any of its securities. The requirement to list on the Cayman 
Islands Stock Exchange does not apply in the context of invitations to the public outside the Cayman 
Islands to subscribe for or otherwise acquire securities. 
Given that the activities of the Issuer are to be carried out mainly outside the Cayman Islands, the Issuer 
has established business locations outside the Cayman Islands. Its principal place of business is located 
in Zug, Switzerland (telephone number: +41 41 710 06 41) where the Issuer undertakes the majority of 
its trading activities regarding digital assets and, consequently, its hedging activities in relation to the 
Certificates.  
The Issuer applies robust internal controls and risk management processes in connection with the 
monitoring of its daily exposures and risk parameters. 
3.4. Major shareholders 
The Issuer has one major shareholder, Nortide Capital AG, owning 31% of the Company. The remaining 
69% are held by minority shareholders none of which own 25% or more. Nortide Capital AG is in turn 
owned by the shareholders Gustav Andersson and Johan Wattenström. 
The shareholding structure is detailed below:

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
Through their shareholdings in the Issuer, said shareholders can, collectively, exercise a material 
influence over the Issuer. However, in certain respects, the provisions in the Cayman Islands Limited 
Liability Companies Act, 2016 of the Cayman Islands regarding powers and responsibilities of 
different corporate bodies of the Issuer and regarding creditor protection rights limit the influence of 
these shareholders. No individual shareholder controls the Issuer directly or indirectly. 
The Issuer is not a subsidiary within any group of companies, and it does not depend on any such 
group entity. Catenafin AG is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer. Catenafin AG is incorporated 
in Switzerland and serves as the employer for any personnel stationed in Switzerland. C de Geer 2 AG 
is the second wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer, incorporated in Sweden and serves as a marketing 
entity for the Issuer. 
3.5. No credit rating  
The Issuer has not been assigned any credit rating at its request or with the cooperation of the Issuer in 
the rating process. 
3.6. Borrowing and funding structure 
As at 31 October 2020 the Issuer’s share capital was structured as follows: 
Authorised: 
Number of shares 
31 October 2020 
31 October 2019 
Shares with a par value of USD 0.0001 each 
500,000,000 
50,000 
50,000 
Issued: 
 
 
 
Shares with a par value of USD 0.01 each 
100 
- 
1 
Shares with a par value of USD 0.0001 each 
51,359,900 
5,136 
- 
As at 31 October 2020, 38,590,900 issued shares with a par value of USD 0.0001 each were unpaid for 
which USD 3,886 had been recorded within other current assets as a receivable in the Issuer’s statement

--- Page 25 ---
25 
of financial position. On 26 December 2020 1,863,000 shares with a par value of USD 0.0001 each were 
issued. 
 The Issuer intends to continue its issuance activities on the basis of the funding received to date so far. 
The Issuer has not secured any further funding. The costs for any hedging activities in relation to any 
issuance of Certificates will be funded by the issuance proceeds from such Certificates. If the Issuer is 
successful in issuing Certificates, it will have a source of revenue in the form of the fee earned pursuant 
to the terms and conditions of the Certificates. Whether such revenue will be sufficient for the Issuer to 
reach profitability on a sustainable basis is unknown. 
3.7. Conflicts of interest 
Save as set out below, none of the members of the Board of Directors has a private interest or other 
duties resulting from their directorship of other companies, enterprises, undertakings or otherwise, that 
may be in conflict with the interests of the Issuer. 
While the Issuer recognizes the potential conflicts of interests of the mentioned people above, the Issuer 
does not believe that such appointments constitute an actual conflict of interest between their duties to 
the Issuer and their duties to their respective other companies. 
3.8. Information on trends etc. 
Digital assets and the related business models and market participants as well as the regulatory regime(s) 
that apply to the digital assets industry, are subject to continuous and significant evolution. This 
evolution is likely to continue. 
Save as set out above, there has been no material adverse change in the Issuer's prospects since 
31 October 2020, being the date of the latest audited financial report of the Issuer, and no significant 
change in the financial performance of the Issuer since 31 October 2020, being the date of the latest 
published financial report of the Issuer. 
Save as set out above, there are no known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that 
are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the Issuer’s prospects for the current financial year. 
3.9. Significant change of the financial position 
As a very recently formed company without business history, the Issuer is likely to incur costs prior to 
obtaining revenues from its activities relating to issuance of securities.  
There has been no significant change in the Issuer's financial position since 31 October 2020, being the 
date of the latest audited financial report of the company. 
3.10. 
Information on material investments 
The Issuer’s group has made investments in Abaxx Technologies Inc., a Canadian development stage 
financial technology business and global commodities exchange, through the purchase of a convertible 
debenture. The Issuer’s group also purchased common shares in 3iQ Corporation, a bitcoin and digital 
asset fund manager. All investments at fair value through profit or loss are categorized as level 3 within 
the fair value hierarchy. As at 31 October 2020 the fair value of investments at fair value through profit 
or loss were equal to their initial cost and therefore measured on this basis. 
The Issuer has not decided on any future material investments as of the day of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
3.11. Information on material events affecting the solvency of the Issuer 
There has been no recent event particular to the Issuer and which are to a material extent relevant to an 
evaluation of the Issuer’s solvency. 
3.12. Business model overview 
The objective of the Issuer is to issue financial instruments and to engage in thereto related operations. 
The Issuer's business aims at enabling an easy and secure way to invest in digital assets. The Issuer aims 
to eliminate the boundaries that previously has prevented investors from actively investing in digital 
assets, which the issuer believes will transform payments and asset markets in the future. 
 
Valour’s strategic resources are built around the Issuer's specialized competences. The Issuer’s highly 
educated employees, industry knowledge of digital assets and comprehensive financial experience 
represents the Issuer’s strategic assets. With these strategic assets, the Issuer strives to offer investors 
the most cost effective and service-oriented product. 
 
At the core of the business model of the Issuer lies the investor relationship, which therefore is essential 
for Valour. To keep investors and potential investors informed, the Issuer will continuously update the 
website with information and prices related to issued products.  
 
At present, there are very few identified competitors of the Issuer with regards to the first planned 
instruments.  
 
Furthermore, the issuer believes that the founders and directors of the issuer have unique experiences 
from this field and are in a position to become the most trusted supplier of financial instruments on 
digital assets. The Board of the Issuer remains confident that, currently, there are only a few direct 
competitors to the Issuer’s offering of Certificates, and none of them has plans for the specific 
instruments Valour is planning to offer and have admitted to trading. 
 
The Issuer's policy is always to hedge 100% of the market risk in the underlying asset. Hedging is done 
continuously and in direct correspondence to the issuance of Certificates to investors. The Issuer's 
holdings of the underlying asset will be audited and specified in the annual and interim reports of the 
Issuer. The Issuer has a robust internal process in place to secure duality in risk management to make 
sure the hedging policy is maintained at all times. Maintaining 100% of reserves in the underlying assets 
is a core principle that is designed to secure a low counterparty risk for investors as well as protecting 
the best interest of investors in asset-specific events such as forks. 
 
3.13. Overview of the Issuer’s business activities 
The Issuer's operation consists of issuing financial instruments on global regulated markets and MTF’s. 
The Issuer's operations particularly consist of issuing Certificates related to digital assets such as digital 
assets. The Issuer believes that blockchain enabled technologies will continue to grow in importance 
and want to enable safe and easy access to exposure to this emerging asset class for global investors. 
 
3.14. Market overview 
Since the Issuer intends to apply for admission to trading initially on a market for structured products in 
Sweden, the Issuer competes with other issuers of structured products and other financial products in 
Sweden. The Issuer may also apply for admission to trading in Germany and/or certain other member 
states in the EEA. The market for financial products in Sweden, Germany and several other member 
states in the EEA is characterized by high levels of competition and, accordingly, maintaining 
compliance with the applicable laws and regulations is vital. Non-compliance by the Issuer with such

--- Page 27 ---
27 
applicable laws and regulations may be detrimental to the operations of the Issuer and to its market 
position. 
3.15. Compliance with legislation relating to corporate governance 
The Issuer aims to act at all times in accordance with current laws and regulations, including in respect 
of corporate governance matters. 
3.16. Audit and auditors 
The Issuer’s auditor is RSM Cayman Ltd with its address at Zephyr House, Mary Street, George Town, 
Cayman Islands and postal address at PO Bo 10311, Grand Cayman KY1-1003, Cayman Islands.  
RSM Cayman Ltd. is a full member of the Cayman Islands Institute of Professional Accountants 
(“CIIPA”), the Insurance Managers Association of Cayman, and the Cayman Islands Chamber of 
Commerce. RSM is regulated by CIIPA and the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority and is also 
approved to provide audit services in the BVI and certain other Caribbean jurisdictions.  
Lead audit partner is Alex Bodden, Managing Partner at RSM Cayman Ltd. Alex Bodden is a member 
of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales (ICAEW) and the Cayman Islands 
Society of Professional Accountants (CISPA) of which he is a Licensed Practitioner, and holds an 
Honours degree in Accounting & Finance from the University of London in England. 
The Issuer’s financial statements for the periods ended 31 October 2020 and 2019, respectively, have 
been audited by the auditor. Financial information in this Base Prospectus extracted from said report 
has been reviewed by the Issuer's auditor as part of their audit of the financial statements. Otherwise, 
the information in this Base Prospectus has not been audited or reviewed by the auditor. 
3.17. Legal and arbitration proceedings 
The Issuer is not a party to, and has, at the date of this Base Prospectus, never been a party to any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during the previous 12 months which may have, or have had 
in the recent past significant effects on the Issuer’s financial position or profitability. 
3.18. Interest of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer 
There are no material interests, including conflicts of interests, of natural or legal persons involved in 
the issue and/or of the Certificates. 
3.19. Material contracts 
There are no material contracts outside the ordinary course of business of the Issuer which may result 
the Issuer incurring rights or obligations which materially would affect the Issuer's ability to perform its 
obligations in relation to the investors. 
3.20. Use of proceeds 
The Issuer intends to use the net proceeds from each issue of Certificates for hedging purposes and for 
general corporate purposes. 
3.21. Post-issuance information

--- Page 28 ---
28 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any of the Certificates.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
4. INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE AND DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY 
4.1. Information incorporated by reference 
The following information is incorporated in the Base Prospectus by reference and shall be read as an 
integrated part of this Base Prospectus: 
- 
Audited financial report for the period from the incorporation of the Issuer (18 June 2019) to 
and as of 31 October 2019, including the independent auditor’s report dated 31 October 2019. 
- 
Audited financial report for the financial year ended 31 October 2020, including the 
independent auditor’s report, dated 24 February 2020.  
The documents listed above are available in electronic format on the Issuer’s website 
(www.valour.com). 
 
4.2. Documents on display 
Copies of the following documents are electronically available on the Issuer’s website 
http://www.valour.com/. Paper copies of the documents are also available at the Issuer’s office at Valour 
Structured Products Inc, PO Box 10008, Willow House, Cricket Square, Grand Cayman KY1-1001, 
Cayman Islands, during the period of validity of this Base Prospectus: 
a) Up to date memorandum and articles of association of the Issuer;  
b) Audited financial report for the period from the incorporation of the Issuer (June 18, 2019) to 
and as of October 31, 2019, including the independent auditor’s report dated October 31, 
2019; and 
c) Audited financial report for the financial year ended 31 October 2020, including the 
independent auditor’s report, dated 24 February 2020.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
5. TAXATION 
Every investor must be aware that investing in Certificates with digital assets as underlying may have 
tax implications, such as income tax, capital gains tax or other taxes. Every investor must investigate 
individually whether or not tax consequences may occur in their respective country.  
Further, changes in the corporate tax code may have effects on the financial position of the Issuer which 
in turn may have adverse effects on the financial standing of the Issuer and subsequently on the 
Valuation Price of the Certificates.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
6. THE GENERAL CONDITIONS GOVERNING THE CERTIFICATES 
These terms and conditions (“General Conditions”) shall apply to any and all certificates linked to a 
single Digital Asset (collectively for each Series, the “Certificates”) issued by Valour Structured 
Products Inc, (the “Issuer”), a company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands (registered 
number 352409) and having its registered office at P.O. Box 10008, Willow House, Cricket Square, 
Grand Cayman KY1-1001, Cayman Islands under this Program. The Certificates will be issued series 
(each a “Series”) in the form of transferable securities. One or more Series of Certificates may be issued 
in Swedish kronor (“SEK”), in Euro (“Euro”) or such other Settlement Currency specified in the Final 
Terms. Each Series will be allocated an individual series number (“Series Number”) in the relevant 
Final Terms (as defined below). The Series Number for each Series will follow different numbering 
sequel depending on the relevant Settlement Currency (it is expected that Series Numbers for 
Certificates denominated in SEK, will start at 100 and, for Certificates denominated in EUR, at 110). 
For each series of Certificates, Final Terms (“Final Terms”) will be prepared which will contain 
additional terms and conditions relating to the relevant Series of Certificates. The terms and conditions 
set forth in the Final Terms will adjust, supplement and complete these General Conditions. The 
applicable Final Terms are, in the case of Materialized Certificates, attached to the Global Certificate 
and complete these General Conditions. The General Conditions as so adjusted, supplemented and 
completed for a specific Series are referred to as the “Conditions”. 
1. 
Definitions 
1.1. 
In addition to the defined terms set forth in the above introductory paragraphs of these General 
Conditions, the following terms and expressions shall have the meaning stipulated below: 
"Account Operator" means bank or other institute authorized to act as an account operator 
(Sw. kontoförande institut) in accordance with the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and 
Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och 
kontoföring av finansiella instrument) through which that the relevant Holder has opened a 
Euroclear Sweden Account for the Certificates;  
"Asset Disruption Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: if (A) 
one or more Primary Eligible Market Places and/or the FX Source do not publish market 
quotations as of the Valuation Time due to (i) the introduction of limited trading hours, (ii) 
closure for public holidays, (iii) irregular trading activities, (iv) technical breakdown in the 
systems or means of communication used by such Primary Market Place or FX Source or (v) 
due to any other reason not attributable to the Issuer and (B), in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, this would have a material impact on the Calculation Agent's ability to 
accurately and in a timely manner determine the level of the constituents for the calculation of 
the Settlement Amount in accordance with the provisions in Condition 5 (Settlement Amount 
etc.);  
"Asset-Level" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 (Settlement Amount etc.);  
"Business Day" means the days when the relevant Exchange is open for business. The relevant 
days can be found on the following webpage: www.ngm.se/tradinghours; 
"Calculation Agent" means (i) Valour Structured Products Inc; (ii) such other party specified 
in the Final Terms applicable to the relevant Series of Certificates; or (iii), following the 
Issuer’s dispatch of a notice in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), such other party which 
the Issuer has appointed as Calculation Agent for one or more Series of Certificates;

--- Page 32 ---
32 
"Certificate" means a transferable security in the form of non-principal protected certificates 
issued in dematerialized form by the Issuer pursuant to these Terms and Conditions;  
"Clearstream" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 2.1;  
"Common Depositary" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 2.1;  
"CSD" means: (i) in relation to any Swedish Certificates, the Swedish CSD; (ii) in relation to 
any Swiss Certificates, the Swiss CSD; or (iii) in relation to any Materialized Certificates, the 
Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable for the relevant Series of Certificates;  
"CSD Rules" means the legislation, regulations, rules and operating procedures applicable, 
from time to time, to and/or issued by (i), in the case of Swedish Certificates, the Swedish CSD, 
from time to time, including but not limited to, the Swedish Central Securities Depository and 
Financial Instruments Accounts Act (in Swedish: lag (1998:1479)) om centrala 
värdepappersförvarare och kontoföring av finansiella instrument); (ii) in the case of Swiss 
Certificates, the Swiss CSD, from time to time, including but not limited to, the FISA; or (iii), 
in the case of Materialized Certificates, Euroclear and/or Clearstream;  
"Days" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 (Settlement Amount etc.);  
“Digital Asset” means the single digital asset specified as such in the Final Terms applicable 
to the relevant Series of Certificates and/or potentially, in case of a Transformation Event, the 
successor(s) thereof; 
"Eligible Market Places" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 (Settlement 
Amount etc.);  
"Euroclear" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 2.1; 
"Euroclear Sweden Account" means an account with the Swedish CSD in which a Holder's 
Swedish Certificates are registered;  
"Fee" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 (Settlement Amount etc.);  
"Final Fixing Date" means earlier of (i) the Issuer Call Fixing Date and (ii) the Holder Put 
Fixing Date, each as applicable to the relevant Series of Certificates, (iv) or in each case, if 
such date is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day;  
“FISA” has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 2.12; 
"FX Source" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 (Settlement Amount etc.);  
"Global Certificate" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 2.1; 
"Holder" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 2.2 as regards Materialized 
Certificates; in Condition 2.8 as regards Swedish Certificates; and in Condition 2.13 as regards 
Swiss Certificates;  
"Common Depositary" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 2.1; 
"Holder Put Fee" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 8 (Holder Put Option);

--- Page 33 ---
33 
"Holder Put Fixing Date" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 8 (Holder Put 
Option) below;  
"Holder Put Option" means the optional right for the Issuer to redeem one or more Series of 
Certificates pursuant to Condition 8 (Holder Put Option) below;  
"Holder Put Request Date" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 8 (Holder Put 
Option) below;  
"Holder Put Settlement Date" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 8 (Holder 
Put Option) below;  
"Initial Fixing Date" means (i) the date specified as such in the Final Terms applicable to the 
relevant Series of Certificates or, if no such date is specified in such Final Terms, (ii) the Issue 
Date or, (iii) in each case, if such date is not a Business Day, the immediately following 
Business Day;  
"Issuing Agent" means the means the party specified as such in the Final Terms applicable to 
the relevant Series of Certificates; 
"Issue Date" the date of issue for the relevant Series of Certificates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
"Issuer Call Fixing Date" has, where applicable, the meaning attributed to the term in 
Condition 7 (Issuer Call Option) below;  
"Issuer Call Option" means the optional right for the Issuer to redeem one or more Series of 
Certificates pursuant to Condition 7 (Issuer Call Option) below;  
"Issuer Call Request Date" has, where applicable, the meaning attributed to the term in 
Condition 7 (Issuer Call Option) below;  
"Issuer Call Settlement Date" has, where applicable, the meaning attributed to the term in 
Condition 7 (Issuer Call Option) below;  
"Materialized Certificates" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 2.1; 
"Multiplier" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 (Settlement Amount etc.); 
"Pt0" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 (Settlement Amount etc.);  
"Pt1" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 (Settlement Amount etc.);  
"P(avg)" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 5 (Settlement Amount etc.);  
"Primary Eligible Market Place" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 
(Settlement Amount etc.);  
"Record Date" means the record date designated by the CSD Rules for Certificates 
denominated in the relevant Settlement Currency; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 (Settlement Amount 
etc.);

--- Page 34 ---
34 
"Relevant Digital Asset Price" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 
(Settlement Amount etc.);  
"Settlement Amount" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 (Settlement 
Amount etc.);  
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms applicable to 
the relevant Series of Certificates;  
"Settlement Date" means the earlier of (i) the Issuer Call Settlement Date and (ii) the Holder 
Put Settlement Date, each as applicable to the relevant Series of Certificates pursuant to the 
Final Terms applicable to such Series of Certificates, (iv) or in each case, if such date is not a 
Business Day, the immediately following Business Day;  
"Swedish Certificates" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 2.4;  
"Swiss Certificates" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 2.12; 
“Swedish CSD” means Euroclear Sweden AB, Klarabergsviadukten 63, S-111 64 Stockholm; 
“Swedish CSD Rules” means the CSD Rules of the Swedish CSD; 
“Swiss CSD” means SIX SIS AG, Baslerstrasse 100, CH-4601 Olten; 
"Transformation Event" means any form of event which affects the Digital Asset by splitting 
a Digital Asset into two or more digital assets, adding a new digital asset, including but not 
limited to so-called ‘forks’, and / or other similar events transforming the nature of the original 
Digital Asset; and 
"Valuation Time" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 (Settlement Amount 
etc.). 
1.2. 
Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in the Conditions to:  
(a) Any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as 
supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time 
(b) A provision of law, regulation, rule or operating procedure is a reference to that such as 
amended or re-enacted, and 
(c) A time of day is a reference to Stockholm time, equal to Central European Time, CET, 
unless otherwise stated. 
2. 
Form, holders and transferability of Certificates 
Certificates in materialized form 
2.1. 
In the case of materialized Certificates represented by a global Certificate in registered form 
(the “Global Certificate”) and held with Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”) and/or 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (“Euroclear”) (such Certificates, “Materialized Certificates”), no 
Certificates in definitive form will be issued.  The Global Certificate has been deposited with 
a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) common to Clearstream and Euroclear and 
registered in the name of the Common Depositary, or a nominee on its behalf.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
2.2. 
In the case of Materialized Certificates, each person who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Clearstream or of Euroclear as the holder of a particular amount of Certificates (in 
which regard any certificate or other document issued by Clearstream or Euroclear as to the 
amount of Certificates standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding 
for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, (where 
applicable) and each agent as the holder of such amount of Certificates for all purposes except 
as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law (and the expressions 
“Holder”, "Certificateholder" and "holder(s) of Certificate" and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly); 
2.3. 
In the case of Materialized Certificates, all transactions (including transfers of Certificates) in 
the open market or otherwise must be effected through an account at Clearstream or Euroclear 
subject to and in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Clearstream or 
of Euroclear, as the case may be.  Transfers of Certificates may only be effected if they are in 
respect of a number of Certificates equal to the minimum trading number or an integral multiple 
thereof.  Transfers of Certificates may not be effected after the exercise of a Holder’s Put 
Option in respect of such Certificates pursuant to Condition 8 (Holder’s Put Option). 
Provisions regarding Swedish Certificates 
2.4. 
Swedish certificates will be issued in issued in registered, dematerialized and uncertificated 
book-entry form in accordance with the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial 
Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om centrala värdepappersförvarare och 
kontoföring av finansiella instrument) (“Swedish Certificates”).  
2.5. 
No physical document of title will be issued in respect of Swedish Certificates and the 
provisions in the Conditions relating to presentation, surrender, replacement or similar 
expressions or provisions of and/or relating to Certificates in such form, shall not apply to 
Swedish Certificates. 
2.6. 
Each Certificate will be issued in an uncertificated, dematerialized book-entry registration form 
pursuant to the Swedish CSD Rules. All Swedish Certificates will be registered in Euroclear 
Sweden Accounts on behalf of the respective Holders.  
2.7. 
The Settlement Currency for any Series of Swedish Certificates may only be a denomination 
in SEK or Euro or any other currency permissible under the Swedish CSD Rules. 
2.8. 
In the case of Swedish Certificates, "Holder" means each holder of such Certificates registered 
as such on any relevant date in respect of a Certificate in the records of Swedish CSD, including 
also (i) any nominee authorized as such by the Swedish CSD registered as the nominee holder 
in respect of any such Certificate and (ii) any such other person who is registered with in the 
records of the Swedish CSD on the relevant date as being entitled to receive the relevant 
payment (and the expressions "Certificateholder" and "holder(s) of Certificate" and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
2.9. 
A request for book-entry registration measures concerning any Swedish Certificate shall be 
made to the relevant Account Operator.  
2.10. 
Those who pursuant to assignment, security, the provisions of the Swedish Parental Code (Sw. 
Föräldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a 
right to receive payments in respect of a Swedish Certificate shall register their entitlements to 
receive payment in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules.  
2.11. 
The Issuer and, to the extent permissible under the Swedish CSD Rules, the relevant Issuing 
Agent, shall be entitled to obtain information from the records of the Swedish CSD in 
accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules.  
Provisions regarding Swiss Certificates

--- Page 36 ---
36 
2.12. 
Swiss certificates will be issued in dematerialised form as uncertificated securities in 
accordance with art. 973c of the Swiss Code of Obligations (“CO”) (“Uncertificated 
Securities” (Wertrechte)) and are transformed into intermediated securities (“Intermediated 
Securities” (Bucheffekten)) in accordance with art. 6 of the Swiss Federal Act on Intermediate 
Securities (“FISA”) (the “Swiss Certificates”). Uncertificated Securities will be created by the 
Issuer by means of a registration in its register of Uncertificated Securities (Wertrechtebuch). 
The Issuer will maintain the register of Uncertificated Securities. Intermediated Securities will 
be created in accordance with art. 6 (2) FISA (i) by entering such Uncertificated Securities in 
the main register of Uncertificated Securities (Hauptregister) maintained by SIX SIS AG or 
any other eligible entity, acting as custodian as defined in art. 4 FISA (the “Custodian” 
(Verwahrungsstelle)) which is available to the public, and (ii) SIX SIS AG or any other eligible 
entity, acting as Custodian, crediting the respective rights to securities accounts of one or more 
of its account holders in accordance with art. 4 and 6 FISA. 
2.13. 
In the case of Swiss Certificates, “Holder” or “Certificateholder” means a person holding the 
Swiss Certificates in a securities account in its own name and for its own account. The Holder’s 
entitlement to Intermediated Securities is based on its relevant securities account. A Holder 
may at any time require its custodian to draw up a statement of the Intermediated Securities 
credited to its securities account in accordance with art. 16 FISA. The Holders shall at no time 
have the right to effect or demand (i) the retransformation of the Intermediated Securities into, 
and the delivery of, Uncertificated Securities in the case of Uncertificated Securities being the 
basis for the creation of Intermediated Securities, or (ii) the conversion of the Uncertificated 
Securities into Materialized Certificates. No physical delivery of the Swiss Certificates shall be 
made under any circumstances.  
2.14. 
As long as the Swiss Certificates constitute Intermediated Securities, the Swiss Certificates 
may only be transferred or otherwise disposed of in accordance with the provisions of the FISA.  
3. 
Status and restrictions on transferability of Certificates 
3.1. 
The Certificates constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves.  
3.2. 
The Certificates are freely transferable, but Holders may be subject to purchase or transfer 
restrictions with regard to the Certificates, as applicable, under local laws to which a Holder 
may be subject. Each Holder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and 
expense.  
3.3. 
No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit an offering to 
the public or admission to trading of any Certificate or the possession, circulation or distribution 
of any document or other material relating to the Issuer and/or the Certificates where any action 
for such purpose is required. Each Holder must inform itself about, and comply with, any such 
applicable restrictions.  
4. 
Open-ended Certificates 
Each Series of Certificates will be issued as open-ended Certificate without a specified 
scheduled maturity date at issuance.  
5. 
Settlement Amount for Certificates etc. 
5.1. 
Unless the Certificates have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer 
shall redeem the relevant Certificates on the relevant Settlement Date. The Issuer shall redeem 
the relevant Certificates at the relevant Settlement Amount. The settlement amount (the 
"Settlement Amount") shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the reference 
price (the “Reference Price”) as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula (subject to a minimum of zero (0) and rounded down to the nearest 
transferable unit of the Settlement Currency):

--- Page 37 ---
37 
Reference Price = ((Pt0)+(Pt1-Pt0)-P(avg)*(Fee/365)*Days)*Multiplier 
Where: 
"Days" means the actual number of calendar days from (and including) the Initial Fixing Date 
up to (and including) the Final Fixing Date;  
"Fee" means the fee level specified in the in the Final Terms applicable to the relevant Series 
of Certificates (or such lower fee which the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may apply, 
from time to time, with respect to all Certificates in one or more Series of Certificates); 
"Multiplier" will have the meaning attributed to the term in the Final Terms applicable to the 
relevant Series of Certificates. The Multiplier will be set by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of reflecting an initial notional investment of one hundred per cent (100%) of the 
relevant invested amount per Certificate at the relevant Asset-Level;  
"Pt0" means the Asset-Level as of the Valuation Time on the Initial Fixing Date;  
"Pt1" means the Asset-Level as of the Valuation Time on the Final Fixing Date;  
"P(avg)" means the arithmetic mean of the Asset-Level observed on each calendar day from 
(and including) the Initial Fixing Date up to (and including) the relevant Final Fixing Date;  
and where:  
"Asset-Level" means the level determined by the Calculation Agent as the arithmetic mean of 
the Relevant Digital Asset Prices quoted on the Primary Eligible Market Places expressed in 
the relevant Settlement Currency. The Relevant Digital Asset Prices used are (a), where 
applicable, first re-calculated from USD to the Settlement Currency using mid-price of the 
exchange rate between USD and the relevant Settlement Currency as of the Valuation Time, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent using the FX Source, and (b) the sum of the four Relevant 
Digital Asset Prices (as expressed in the Settlement Currency) is divided by four (or, if the 
number of Relevant Digital Asset Prices is lower than four, such lower number) and the 
resultant figure equals the Asset Level;  
"Eligible Market Places" means the market places stipulated in the Final Terms applicable to 
the relevant Series of Final Terms and, following a determination by the Issuer, acting in its 
own and absolute discretion, any successor, new, replacing or other additional market place for 
the Digital Asset (in USD), which meet the following criteria:  
1. 
The marketplace must on a continuous basis or a regular scheduled basis, publish (i) a 
bid-offer spread for an immediate sale (offer) and an immediate purchase (bid) and (ii) 
last paid prices, all in USD; 
2. 
The Market Place must pass a due diligence test and management must be willing to 
work together with the Issuer; 
3. 
The operations of the marketplace relating to the trades in and/or publication of the 
Digital Asset prices, must not have been declared unlawful by any governmental 
authority or agency with jurisdiction over the relevant marketplace;  
4. 
The marketplace must represent a significant part of the total 30-day cumulative volume 
for all of the exchanges included in the Asset-Level; and  
5. 
Fiat currency and Digital Asset transfers (whether deposits or withdrawals) must be 
settled by the marketplace within seven business days.  
Following a determination by the Issuer to change the composition of the Eligible Market 
Places, the new composition shall take effect on the third Swedish Business Day following the

--- Page 38 ---
38 
Issuer's dispatch of a notice to the Holders regarding the change of Eligible Market Places in 
accordance with the provisions in Condition 13 (Notices).  
"FX Source" means the Bloomberg FX Fixing for USD/SEK in relation to Certificates 
denominated in SEK and for EUR/USD in relation to Certificates denominated in EUR, in each 
case as of 4:00 pm (London time) as published on the following website 
http://www.bloomberg.com/markets/currencies/fx-fixings/ or such other successor website as 
may be designated such fixings in the future;  
"Primary Eligible Market Places" means the four (4) chosen Eligible Market Places which, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, both have the largest trading volume in the 
relevant Digital Asset (in USD) during the period of 30 trading days preceding the relevant 
Initial Fixing Date and meet all the conditions set out in the above section “Eligible Market 
Places” or, as the case may be, the relevant Final Fixing Date, except for in circumstances 
where the Calculation Agent determines that the number of Eligible Market Places is lower 
than four, in which case the number of Primary Eligible Market Places shall correspond to such 
lower number of Eligible Market Places. P(avg) will be based on data from these Primary 
Eligible Market Places; 
"Relevant Digital Asset Prices" means the respective latest paid price for one unit of the 
relevant Digital Asset in USD quoted on the relevant Primary Eligible Market Places as 
published by the relevant Primary Eligible Market Place as of the Valuation Time on the 
relevant Initial Fixing Date or, as the case may be, the relevant Final Fixing Date; and  
"Valuation Time" means, unless defined otherwise in the Final Terms applicable to the 
relevant Series of the Certificates, Valuation Time means 16:00 CET on each relevant date for 
the exchange rate fixing, and 12:00-16:00 CET for the Digital Asset fixing, where the value is 
calculated as the unweighted average price between the eligible Digital Asset exchanges of the 
weighted average price for the period of each underlying exchange separately. 
5.2. 
The Certificates are not principal-protected and do not bear any interest.  
5.3. 
If the Calculation Agent or, where the Calculation Agent is another party than the Issuer, the 
Issuer, determines that an Asset Disruption Event has occurred or in the immediate future will 
occur, subject to a Transformation Event such as a “soft fork” or a “hard fork”, at the Valuation 
Time on the Initial Fixing Date, the Final Fixing Date or on any other relevant date, the 
Calculation Agent shall postpone the calculation of the Settlement Amount and/or the 
determination and calculations of the constituents in the formula in Condition 5.1 above, to the 
most reasonably practical Business Day following the occurrence of such relevant 
Transformation Event.  
The Calculation Agent or, where the Calculation Agent is another party than the Issuer, the 
Issuer, will in its sole and absolute discretion determine, as required due to the nature of the 
Transformation Event:  
(a) which Digital Asset currency or currencies shall continue to be or be the successor of the 
originally or previously used Digital Asset currency; 
(b) whether or not such Transformation Event shall result in any modification of the 
Conditions of the relevant Series of Certificates in order to take into consideration such 
Transformation Event and/or 
(c) whether or not any consideration, in cash or in form of new Certificates will be due to 
Holders or the relevant Series of Certificates affected by the Transformation Event. 
The Calculation Agent or, where the Calculation Agent is another party than the Issuer, the 
Issuer, will take into account all relevant factors, including but not limited to, the ability to 
afford equal treatment to all Holders of the relevant Series Certificates and any other applicable

--- Page 39 ---
39 
legal and regulatory requirements, the feasibility from an operational, technical, resource and 
practical perspective of any potential corrective or compensatory actions, any and all internal 
costs and expenses and the potential net resulting benefits for individual holders. Consequently, 
there can neither be an assurance that the Holders of the relevant Series of Certificates will 
either benefit from any actual or perceived value creation resulting from (or in connection with) 
a Transformation Event nor that they will be able to avoid losses related with such a 
Transformation Event. 
If such calculations and determinations have been postponed for more than eight Business Days 
or, if earlier, up to the Business Day prior to the last date on which instructions regarding the 
Settlement Amount must be given to the CSD pursuant to the CSD Rules, the Calculation Agent 
shall be entitled to calculate the Settlement Amount using its determinations and calculations 
of the constituents on the basis of such publicly available market data it in its sole and absolute 
discretion deems relevant and appropriate. 
6. 
Payments in respect of the Certificates 
6.1. 
The Certificates are cash settled and there will be no physical delivery of any kind. 
6.2. 
Each Certificate will be redeemed on the relevant Settlement Date for each Series of 
Certificates, or, as the case may be, where any Holder's Put Option has been exercised, the 
relevant Settlement Date for the relevant Certificates of such exercising Holder.  
6.3. 
A payment of any amount due under any Certificate shall be made to the relevant Holder 
pursuant to and in accordance with the relevant CSD Rules. Any payment in respect of Swiss 
Certificates shall be made by the Issuer or Paying Agent, as the case may be, subject to 
applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, to the clearing system, i.e. SIX SIS AG, or the 
relevant intermediary, as the case may be, or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant 
account holders of SIS SIX AG or the relevant intermediary in accordance with all rules and 
regulations applicable to SIX SIS AG.   
6.4. 
If the relevant Settlement Date is not a Business Day, then payments shall be executed as 
aforesaid on the first immediately following Business Day. No default interest or other 
compensation shall accrue provided payments are so effected.  
7. 
Issuer Call Option  
7.1. 
The Issuer may, at its own discretion, exercise the Issuer's right to redeem all, but not only 
some, Certificates of each relevant Series (the "Issuer Call Option") early.  
7.2. 
The Issuer may at any time exercise the Issuer Call Option by giving the Holders of the relevant 
Series of Certificates not less than 10 Business Days and not more than 20 Business Days prior 
notice before the Settlement Date set for the redemption (the "Issuer Call Settlement Date"). 
Such notice shall be validly given by the Issuer when dispatched in accordance with the 
provisions in Condition 13 (Notices) (the "Issuer Call Request Date"). The notice shall 
contain information regarding the (i) the Series of Certificates in respect of which the Issuer's 
Call Option is exercised; (ii) the relevant Final Fixing Date in respect of the Issuer Call 
Settlement Date (the "Issuer Call Fixing Date"); and (iii) the relevant Issuer Call Settlement 
Date.  
8. 
Holder Put Option  
8.1. 
Each Holder may, individually and at its own discretion, exercise its right to have all or only 
some of such Holder's Certificates of the relevant Series of Certificates, redeemed early by the 
Issuer (the "Holder Put Option").  
8.2. 
Each Holder may exercise the Holder Put Option by giving the Issuer written notice no more 
than sixty (60) days prior nor later than ten (10) Business Days before the last Business Day in

--- Page 40 ---
40 
the month of March or, as the case may be, September each year (each a "Holder Put Request 
Date") as long as the relevant Certificates are outstanding. In order for such notice to become 
effective the written notice must (i) be given by the relevant Holder to the Issuer in accordance 
with the provisions in Condition 13 (Notices); (ii) state the relevant Series of Certificates and 
the number of Certificates in respect of which the Holder Put Option is exercised; and (iii) 
accompanied within no more than sixty (60) and no less than ten (10) Business Day from the 
relevant Holder Put Request Date, by (x), in the case of Swedish Certificates, the requesting 
Holder's transfer of all of the relevant Certificates to the Euroclear Sweden Account designated 
for such purpose by the Issuing Agent and blocked for further transfer and registrations; (y), in 
the case of Swiss Certificates, completion by the relevant Holder of any and all actions required 
pursuant to the relevant CSD Rules or, in the case of any Materialized Certificates, completion 
by the relevant Holder of any and all actions required pursuant to the relevant CSD Rules. 
Should such transfer not occur within such period, the relevant notice shall automatically be 
deemed null and void. If a notice has been duly given and the transfer has been so completed, 
the holder put final fixing date shall be the last Business Day in the month of April or, as the 
case may be, October (the "Holder Put Final Fixing Date") and the relevant Certificates shall 
be redeemed by the Issuer on the tenth Business Day following the Holder Put Final Fixing 
Date (the "Holder Put Settlement Date").  
8.3. 
Upon a Holder's exercise of the Holder Put Option the Settlement Amount shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions in Condition 5 (Settlement Amount) 
but such Settlement Amount shall also be reduced with an early exit fee of 3 per cent (the 
"Holder Put Fee"). Thus, that early exit fee is calculated by multiplying the Settlement Amount 
with a factor of 0.03, corresponding to a 3% one-off fee.  
9. 
Further issuance, purchase and cancellation or sale 
9.1. 
The Issuer may at any time and in its discretion, issue more Certificates that are fully fungible 
with any existing Series of Securities.  
9.2. 
The Issuer and any affiliated entities of the Issuer may at any time purchase Certificates over a 
regulated market or through a private transaction. Any Certificates purchased may be sold over 
a regulated market or through a private transaction or cancelled and de-registered in accordance 
with the relevant CSD Rules.  
10. 
Limitation of liability 
10.1. 
The Issuer shall not be liable to compensate Holders for any potential losses that the Holders 
have incurred, when the Issuer has acted with care. The Issuer will not be liable to compensate 
any indirect losses incurred by Holders unless the Issuer has been grossly negligent.  
10.2. 
The Issuer shall not be liable to compensate Holders for any losses incurred by force majeure 
such as strikes, blockades, acts of war, lockout or other similar circumstances. In case the Issuer 
is prevented from taking measures under these Terms and Conditions due to occurrences of 
events that qualifies as force majeure, such measures may be postponed until such event has 
ceased.  
11. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of any Materialized Certificate shall be 
prescribed and become void unless presented for payment within ten years from the relevant 
Settlement Date. Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of any Swiss Certificate will 
be prescribed ten years after the relevant Settlement Date. Claims against the Issuer for payment 
in respect of any Swedish Certificate will be prescribed ten years after the relevant Settlement 
Date. If the prescription period becomes disrupted in respect of any Swedish Certificates a new 
prescription period will run in accordance with the Swedish Act (1981:130) on Prescription 
(Sw. Preskriptionslag).

--- Page 41 ---
41 
12. 
Application for admission to trading 
Where admission to trading is applicable pursuant to the Final Terms applicable to the relevant 
Series, the Issuer will apply for such Certificates to be admitted to trading on the regulated or 
other market specified in the Final Terms applicable to the relevant Series of Certificates. The 
Issuer will also take all reasonable steps to ensure that the admission to trading of such Series 
is maintained until the last possible trading date prior to the relevant Settlement Date.  
13. 
Notices 
13.1. 
Any notice or other communication to be made:  
(a) if to the Issuer, shall be given in writing using the form(s) provided on the Issuer’s website 
(www.valourglobal.com), from time to time, with a copy to the Issuing Agent at the address 
then registered with Swedish Companies Registration Office; and  
(b) if to a Holder, shall be given in writing at their addresses as registered with the CSD, on 
the relevant date pursuant to the CSD Rules, and by either courier delivery or letter.  
13.2. 
Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection with 
the Base Prospectus, the Terms and Conditions or the Final Terms shall be sent by way of 
courier, personal delivery or letter and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal 
delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 13.1 or, in case of letter, three 
(3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the 
relevant address stipulated in Clause 13.1. Failure to send a notice or other communication to 
any Holder(s) or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holder(s).  
14. 
Governing law & Jurisdiction 
14.1. 
The Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Swedish law. Title to 
Certificates, their constitution and transfer and the effects of registration with a CSD will be 
governed by the laws applicable to the relevant CSD.  
14.2. 
Any dispute arising from the Certificates, the Conditions and/or the Base Prospectus shall 
exclusively be settled by Swedish courts, with the District Court of Stockholm as the court of 
first instance. 
______________________________________ 
 
The Issuer hereby confirms that the Conditions are binding upon it. 
 
Stockholm, 16 March 2021 
Valour Structured Products, Inc.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
7. FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Certificate is set out below: 
Final Terms dated [ • ] 
under the issuance program for  
Single Digital Asset Certificates 
of 
Valour Structured Products, Inc. 
LEI: 9845001E5QX8B53C0N90 
 
Open ended [insert name of Digital Asset] Tracker Certificates  
  
(the "Certificates") 
Terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the General Conditions (as may be amended 
and/or supplemented up to, and including, [insert Issue Date] ) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 
16 March 2021 (the "Base Prospectus") [and the supplement[s] dated [insert the date(s) for any 
supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] to the Base Prospectus] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Certificates described herein have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8 (4) 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. An Issue-
Specific Summary of the Certificates is annexed to these Final Terms. Full information on the Issuer 
and the Certificates is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the 
Base Prospectus (as supplemented). The Base Prospectus and any supplements to the Base Prospectus 
are available in electronic form on the Issuer's website (http://www.valour.com/).  
 
General terms applicable to the Certificates 
1 
Series No.: 
[●]. 
2 
Certificate No.: 
[●]. / This Certificate is fungible with all other Certificate of this 
Series / Not applicable.] 
3 
ISIN code: 
[●]. 
4 
Settlement 
Currency: 
[Swedish Kronor (“SEK”) / Euro (“EUR”) / United States 
dollars (“USD”) / Swiss franc ] (the “Settlement Currency”).

--- Page 43 ---
43 
5 
Number of 
Certificates: 
[●]. 
6 
7 
Issue Price: 
Issue Date: 
[●]. 
[●]. 
Payout terms applicable to the Certificates 
8 
Digital Asset: 
[● - the relevant asset must be included in the list of eligible assets 
in the Base Prospectus] (the “Digital Asset”). 
9 
Multiplier: 
[●]. 
10 
Initial Fixing 
Date: 
[[●] / The Issue Date]. 
11 
Fee: 
[[0.025]/[●]], being the management fee of [[0.025]/[●]] per 
annum, deducted daily, subject to downward adjustment as may 
be the case pursuant to General Condition 5. 
12 
Valuation 
Time(s): 
Valuation Time means 16:00 CET on each relevant date for the 
exchange rate fixing, and 12:00-16:00 CET for the fixing of the 
digital asset, where the value is calculated as the unweighted 
average price between the eligible exchanges of the weighted 
average price for the period of each underlying exchange 
separately. 
13 
Initially 
Eligible Market 
Places and 
information on 
volatility: 
[Bitfinex], [Bitstamp], [Coinbase], [Kraken] / [●]. 
In Information regarding past performance and volatility of the 
Digital Asset is available, free of charge, at  
[[www.coinmarketcap.com]; 
[(www.bitfinex.com)]; 
[www.coinbase.com]: [and] 
[www.kraken.com][. / [and]] 
[●].] 
Admission to trading

--- Page 44 ---
44 
13 
Regulated or 
other market: 
[[●]. [The Issuer [has applied] / [will apply] for the Series of 
Securities to be admitted for trading on [the Nordic MTF] / [●] of 
[Nordic Growth Market (NGM)] / [●] in Sweden.] [The Issuer 
[has applied] / [will apply] for the Series of Securities to be 
admitted for trading on the [regulated] / [unregulated] market [●] 
of [●] in [Austria] / [Belgium] / [Denmark] / [Finland] / [France] 
/ [Germany] / [Italy] / [Luxembourg] / [the Netherlands] / 
[Norway] / [and/or] / [Spain] [and/or][, subject to completion of 
relevant notification measures, [●]].] There can be no assurance 
given that the application will be accepted or that it will be 
possible to maintain a granted admission to trading to the relevant 
Settlement Date.] / [Not applicable.]] 
14 
Market-maker: 
[Mangold Fondkommission AB / [●]] / [Not applicable]. 
15 
Listing Agent: 
 [●]/ [Not applicable]. 
16 
Spread: 
[[Maximum [4] / [ ● ] % during normal market conditions.]] / 
[Not applicable.] 
17 
Trading lot: 
[[Minimum one (1) Certificate / [ ● ]] / [Not applicable]. 
18 
First day of 
trading: 
[Applicable.] / [Not applicable.] 
Operational information 
19 
Calculation 
Agent: 
[The Issuer] / [●]]. 
20 
Form 
of 
Certificates: 
[Materialized Certificates] / [Swedish Certificates] / [Swiss 
Certificates]. 
21 
Clearing 
System: 
[Euroclear and Clearstream] [(expected at issuance to be 
replicated to Euroclear Sweden AB)] / [Euroclear Sweden AB] / 
[SIX SIS AG] / [[●]]. 
22 
Issuing Agent: 
[Mangold Fondkommission AB] / [ISP Group] / [●] / [Not 
applicable]. 
23 
Paying Agent: 
[ISP Group] / [●] / [Not applicable].  
24 
ECB eligibility 
The Certificates are [not] expected to be ECB eligible.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
Terms and conditions of an offer to the public 
25 
Offer to the 
public:  
[The Certificates are only offered to the public in [Austria] / 
[Belgium] / [Denmark] / [Finland] / [France] / [Germany] / [Italy] 
/ [Luxembourg] / [the Netherlands] / [Norway] / [Spain] / [and/or] 
/ [Sweden] [and/or][, subject to completion of relevant 
notification measures, [●]]. The terms of the offer to the public 
are described in sections (a) to (l) below.] /  
[Not applicable, the Certificates are not subject to an offer to the 
public in any jurisdiction.] 
(a) 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price]/ [specify] 
(b) 
Conditions 
to 
which the offer 
is subject: 
Offers of the Products are conditional upon their issue and, as 
between the Authorised Offeror(s) and their customers, any 
further conditions as may be agreed between them. 
(c) 
Description of 
the application 
process: 
 [give details] 
(d) 
Description of 
the 
possibility 
to 
reduce 
subscriptions 
and manner for 
refunding 
excess amount 
paid 
by 
applicants: 
 [give details] 
(e) 
Details of the 
minimum 
and/or 
maximum 
amount 
of 
application: 
 [give details] 
(f) 
Details of the 
method 
and 
time limited for 
paying up and 
delivery of the 
Certificates: 
 [give details]

--- Page 46 ---
46 
(g) 
Manner in and 
date on which 
results of the 
offer are made 
available to the 
public: 
 [give details] 
(h) 
Procedure 
for 
exercise of any 
right 
of 
pre-
emption, 
negotiability of 
subscription 
rights 
and 
treatment 
of 
subscription 
rights 
not 
exercised: 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
(i) 
Whether 
tranche(s) have 
been 
reserved 
for 
certain 
countries: 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
(j) 
Process 
for 
notification 
to 
applicants 
of 
the 
amount 
allotted and the 
indication 
whether dealing 
may 
begin 
before 
notification 
is 
made 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
(k) 
Name(s) 
and 
address(es), to 
the 
extent 
known to the 
Issuer, of the 
placers in the 
various 
countries where 
[Not Applicable] / [give details]

--- Page 47 ---
47 
the offer takes 
place: 
(l) 
Name 
and 
address 
of 
financial 
intermediary/ie
s authorised to 
use the Base 
Prospectus, as 
completed 
by 
these 
Final 
Terms (each an 
“Authorised 
Offeror”): 
[Not Applicable] / [[●] [and] [each financial intermediary 
expressly named as an Authorised Offeror on the Issuer’s website 
([insert Issuer’s web address]).] 
Additional conditions for the Authorised Offeror[s] use of the 
Base Prospectus:  
[Not Applicable] / [●]. 
______________________________________ 
 
Signed Stockholm, [ ● ] 
on behalf of 
Valour Structured Products, Inc. 
 
________________ 
_______________

--- Page 48 ---
48 
ANNEX – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
[Issue specific summary of the Products as per Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation to be inserted if 
Products are to be publicly offered or admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State of 
the EEA]

--- Page 49 ---
49 
8. OFFERING AND SALE 
General 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits offers that are not made within an 
exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation 
(Non-Exempt Offers) in Sweden and any EEA Member State to which the approval of this Base 
Prospectus is notified by the SFSA in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (each, a Non-Exempt 
Offer Jurisdiction and, together, the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions). Any person making or 
intending to make a Non-Exempt Offer of Certificates on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so 
only with the Issuer’s consent, as described below. 
 
Consent to use this Base Prospectus 
If so specified in the Final Terms in respect of any particular issuance of Certificates, the Issuer consents 
to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer (i) by the financial 
intermediary/ies (each, an "Authorised Offeror"), (ii) during the offer period and (iii) subject to the 
relevant conditions, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus no Authorised Offeror has been designated so by the Issuer. 
The consent shall be valid in relation to Sweden and Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, 
Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, and Spain and/or, subject to completion of 
relevant notification measures, any other Member State within the EEA, provided that it shall be a 
condition of such consent that the Base Prospectus may only be used by the relevant Authorised 
Offeror(s) to make offerings of the relevant Certificates in the jurisdiction(s) in which the Non-exempt 
Offer is to take place, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer may (i) give consent to one or more additional Authorised Offerors after the date of the 
relevant Final Terms, (ii) discontinue or change the offer period, and/or (iii) remove or add conditions 
and, if it does so, such information in relation to the relevant Securities will be published by way of 
notice which will be available on the Issuer’s website (www.bourse.lu). The consent relates only to offer 
periods occurring within 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an 
"Investor") purchasing Securities pursuant to a Non-exempt Offer where the offer to the Investor is 
made (i) by an Authorised Offeror (or the Issuer), (ii) in a jurisdiction for which the Issuer has given its 
consent, (iii) during the offer period for which the consent is given and (iv) in compliance with the other 
conditions attached to the giving of the consent, all as set forth in the relevant Final Terms.  
Other than in accordance with the terms set forth in the paragraph above, the Issuer has not authorised 
the making of any Non-exempt Offers of the Certificates or the use of this Base Prospectus by any 
person. No financial intermediary or any other person is permitted to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with any offer of the Certificates in any other circumstances. Any such offers are not made 
on behalf of the Issuer and the Issuer has no responsibility or liability to any Investor purchasing 
Certificates pursuant to such offer or for the actions of any person making such offer. 
If an Investor intends to purchase Certificates from an Authorised Offeror, it will do so, and such 
offer and sale will be made, in accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place 
between such Authorised Offeror and the Investor, including as to price allocations and settlement 
arrangements. The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements and, accordingly, this Base 
Prospectus does not contain such information. The terms and conditions of such offer should be 
provided to the Investor by that Authorised Offeror at the time such offer is made. The Issuer has 
no responsibility or liability for such information.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
Save for the approval of this Base Prospectus by the SFSA, which allows for a public offering of the 
Certificates and/or admission to trading on a regulated market in Sweden, and any notification of the 
approval to other EEA Member States in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation for the purposes of 
making a public offer in such Member States, no action has been or will be taken by the Issuer that 
would permit a public offering of any Certificates or possession or distribution of any offering material 
in relation to any Certificates in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. No offers, 
sales, resales or deliveries of any Certificates or distribution of any offering material relating to any 
Certificates may be made in or from any jurisdiction except in circumstances which will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and which will not impose any obligation on the 
Issuer.  
 
European Economic Area  
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, an offer of Certificates which are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms must not be made to the 
public in that Member State, except that the Certificates may be offered to the public in that Relevant 
Member State:  
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Certificates specifies that an offer of those Certificates may 
be made by the Authorised Offeror(s) other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation in that Member State (a Non-Exempt Offer), following the date of publication of the 
Base Prospectus in relation to such Certificates which has been approved by the competent 
authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and 
notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-Exempt Offer, in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period (if any) beginning and ending on the 
dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in 
writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-Exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Authorised 
Offeror or Authorised Offerors nominated by the issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation; 
provided that no such offer of Certificates referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Authorised Offeror to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a base 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation as soon as possible prior to the respective 
offer. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Certificates to the public” in relation to 
any Certificates in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Certificates to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Certificates and the expression “Prospectus 
Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (and amendments thereto). 
United States of America 
The Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
Each Authorised Offeror represents and agrees that it has not offered or sold and will not offer and sell 
Certificates at any time, directly or indirectly, within the United States or its possessions or for the 
account or benefit of any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) or any person 
that is not a Non-United States person (as defined by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission). Each Authorised Offeror further represents and agrees that it has not offered, sold or 
delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver Certificates except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation 
S, and that none of it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will 
engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to such Certificates, and it and they have complied 
and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. 
 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Certificates within 
the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
 
Offering materials for the offering of the Certificates have not been filed with or approved or 
disapproved by the SEC or any other state or federal regulatory authority, nor has any such regulatory 
authority passed upon or endorsed the merits of this offering or passed upon the accuracy or 
completeness of any offering materials. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
 
Switzerland 
Each Authorised Offeror has acknowledged, represented and agreed that, subject to the applicable 
transitional provisions under the FinSA and the implementing Financial Services Ordinance (the 
"FinSO"): 
 
(a) the Certificates and the Issuer, respectively, do not meet the requirements set forth in art. 70 
FinSA in relation to structured products and, therefore, it has not offered and will not offer, 
directly or indirectly, Certificates in or from Switzerland to private clients. For these purposes, 
a private client means a person who is not one (or more) of the following: (i) a professional 
client as defined in art. 4 (3) FinSA (not having opted-in on the basis of art. 5 (5) FinSA) or 
art. 5 (1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in art. 4 (4) FinSA; or (iii) a private 
client who has entered into a written investment advisory agreement or (discretionary) asset 
management agreement that is concluded for pecuniary interest and is not covering only limited 
transactions. For these purposes "offer" refers to the respective definition in art. 3 (g) FinSA 
and as further detailed in FinSO. 
The Certificates are not intended to be offered or recommended to private clients with a written 
investment advisory agreement without an updated key information document under art. 58 
FinSA (Basisinformationsblatt für Finanzinstrumente) or art. 59 (2) FinSA or, for the duration 
of the applicable transition period, a simplified prospectus pursuant to art. 5  (2) of the Swiss 
Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (the “CISA”), as such article was in effect 
immediately prior to the entry into effect of FinSA. For these purposes "offer" refers to the 
interpretation of such term in art. 58 FinSA. 
(b) it has only made and will only make an offer of Certificates to the public in Switzerland, other 
than pursuant to an exemption under art. 36 (1) FinSA or where such offer does not qualify as 
a public offer in Switzerland, if and as from the date on which this Base Prospectus has been 
filed and deposited with a review body (Prüfstelle) in Switzerland and entered on the list 
according to art. 64 (5) FinSA and provided it is deemed approved according to art. 54 (2) 
FinSA and art. 70 (3) FinSO. Otherwise, it has not offered and will not offer, directly or 
indirectly, Certificates to the public in Switzerland, and have not distributed or caused to be 
distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in Switzerland, this 
Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Certificates, other than pursuant 
to an exemption under art. 36 (1) FinSA or where such offer or distribution does not qualify as 
a public offer in Switzerland. For these purposes "public offer" refers to the respective 
definitions in art. 3 (g) and (h) FinSA and as further detailed in FinSO.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
The Certificates do not qualify as a collective investment scheme (kollektive Kapitalanlage) within 
the meaning of the CISA and are not subject to the authorisation or supervision of the Swiss 
Financial Markets Supervisory Authority FINMA.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
9.  ADDRESSES 
 
 
The Issuer 
 
VALOUR STRUCTURED PRODUCTS, INC.  
P.O. Box 10008,  
Willow House,  
Cricket Square,  
Grand Cayman KY1-1001, Cayman Islands 
 
Swedish legal advisor 
to the Issuer 
 
AG ADVOKAT KB 
Regeringsgatan 38 
P.O. Box 3124 
SE-103 62 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
For secondary-market transactions in Sweden 
 
NORDIC GROWTH MARKET NGM 
Mäster Samuelsgatan 42 
S-111 57 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
Market-maker at NGM in Sweden  
 
MANGOLD FONDKOMMISSION AB 
Engelbrektsplan 2 
S-114 34 Stockholm