--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
dated 10 December 2021  
for the issuance of 
 
DIGITAL ASSET CERTIFICATES  
under the 
 
ISSUANCE PROGRAM 
 
of 
 
VALOUR, INC. 
 
(a company registered under the laws of the Cayman Islands)

--- Page 2 ---
2 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") contains information relating to Certificates (as defined below) to 
be issued under the programme (the "Programme"). Under the Base Prospectus, Valour, Inc. (the "Issuer", 
"Valour" or the "Company") may, from time to time, issue Certificates which are offered to the public and/or 
apply for such Certificates to be admitted to trading on one or more regulated markets or multilateral trading 
facilities ("MTF’s") in Sweden, Germany and, subject to the prior completion of all relevant notification measures, 
certain other countries within the EEA as specified herein. 
The Certificates are not principal-protected and do not bear interest. Consequently, the value of, and any amounts 
payable under, the Certificates will be strongly influenced by the performance of the relevant Digital Asset, Index 
or Fund (each as defined herein) and, where the Settlement Currency is other than the Reference Currency (as 
defined herein), the exchange rate between the Reference Currency and the relevant Settlement Currency 
As such, an investment in the Certificates is likely to be highly speculative and volatile. 
If the Certificates constitute a suitable investment for a prospective investor has to be assessed in light of each 
investor's own circumstances. Neither this Base Prospectus, nor any marketing material relating to the Certificates, 
constitute (or should be considered to constitute) investment, financial, tax or any other kind of advice to 
prospective investors. Each investor must make their own assessment as to the suitability (or otherwise) of a 
potential investment in the Certificates and should, in connection therewith, consult with their own independent 
professional advisors. 
An investment in the Certificates is only suitable for investors who have sufficient experience and knowledge to 
be able to assess the risks related to such an investment, who also have investment objectives which align with the 
Certificates' exposure, duration and other characteristics, and who have sufficient financial resources in order to 
be able to bear the risks associated with such an investment. 
This Base Prospectus must not be distributed to other countries where an offering or admission to trading requires 
additional prospectuses, translations or filings with national authorities (or other measures beyond those required 
by Swedish law) or which otherwise are in breach of the laws or rules of such other country. Persons holding this 
Base Prospectus, or any Certificates issued hereunder, must stay informed of (and observe) any restrictions in such 
jurisdictions and as contained herein. 
The Certificates have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act 1933, as amended of the United 
States (the "Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the 
United States. The Certificates may not be offered, sold or (in the case of bearer securities) delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons, except pursuant to offers and sales in an offshore 
transaction that occurs outside the United States in accordance with the applicable provisions of Rule 903 of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act or pursuant to another available exemption from the registration 
requirements under the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has not been reviewed or approved by any Swiss prospectus reviewing body (Prüfstelle). 
This is not a prospectus for the purposes of the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (the "FinSA"), may not be 
used for a public offering in Switzerland requiring such prospectus, and the Issuer will not be responsible for the 
content of this document in relation to any offering which requires such a prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus and all Conditions (as defined herein) shall be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, Swedish law. Any dispute arising from information contained within this Base Prospectus and / or from the 
Conditions shall, exclusively, be settled by Swedish courts within the District Court of Stockholm (as the court of 
first instance).

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
 
 
SECTION 
PAGE 
1 
General description of the Program 
4 
2 
Risk Factors 
19 
3 
The Issuer 
28 
4 
Incorporation by reference and documents on display 
34 
5 
Taxation 
36 
6 
The General Conditions Governing the Certificates 
37 
7 
Form of Final Terms 
55 
8 
Offering and sale 
64 
9 
Addresses 
68

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
1. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
The following overview of the Programme and the Certificates does not purport to be complete and is 
subject to and qualified by the detailed information contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
in the Final Terms in respect of each Series of Certificates. Words and expressions not defined in this 
overview shall have the meanings given to them elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
 
1.1. This Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. 
Finansinspektionen) (the “SFSA”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). The SFSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the securities 
that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the securities.  
The Base Prospectus permits offers of Certificates linked to a Digital Asset or to an Index linked to 
digitals assets or a Fund investing in Digital Assets (each as defined below) to the public in Sweden 
and/or an admission to trading of such Certificates on a regulated market in Sweden. The Issuer may 
request the SFSA to notify the approval of the Base Prospectus to the Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht of Germany by providing them with, inter alia, certificates of approval 
attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Certificates may be offered to the public in Sweden and/or in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, 
France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, and Spain and/or, subject to completion 
of relevant notification measures, any other Member State within the EEA. The Issuer may request the 
SFSA to notify the approval of the Base Prospectus to other EEA Member States in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation for the purposes of making a public offer in such Member States or for admission 
to trading of all or any Certificates on a regulated market therein, or both. 
1.2. Warning regarding expiry of the Base Prospectus and supplements thereto 
Investors should note that this Base Prospectus is valid for a maximum period up to and including 
10 December 2022. 
The Issuer shall prepare a supplement (each, a Supplement) to this Base Prospectus or publish a new 
base prospectus if there is a significant change affecting any matter contained in this Base Prospectus 
or a significant new matter arises, the inclusion of information in respect of which would have been so 
required if it had arisen when this Base Prospectus was prepared and/or pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement a prospectus in the event of significant new factors, 
material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when a prospectus is no longer valid. 
1.3. The Program 
The Program described in this Base Prospectus enables Valour to, from time to time, issue Certificates 
linked to a Digital Asset, an Index or a Fund (each as defined below) with digital assets as constituents 
and apply for such Certificates to be admitted to trading on one or more regulated markets as well as 
multi-lateral trading facilities. The Certificates may be offered to the public in Sweden and/or in Austria, 
Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, and Spain

--- Page 5 ---
5 
and/or, subject to completion of relevant notification measures, any other Member State within the EEA. 
The Certificates will be created under and governed by Swedish law. 
The Certificates are transferable, but Holders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with 
regard to the Certificates, as applicable, under local laws to which a Holder may be subject. Each Holder 
must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense. The Issuer has applied for 
admission to trading on the Nordic MTF operated by Nordic Growth Market (NGM AB) in Sweden, a 
subsidiary of Bourse Stuttgart in Stuttgart, Germany for certain Certificates and may apply there for 
further Certificates. Application may be made to the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter 
Wertpapierbörse) (the "Frankfurt Stock Exchange") for Certificates issued under this Program to be 
admitted to listing and trading on the Regulated Market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. The Issuer 
may also apply to the Bourse Stuttgart (the "Stuttgart Stock Exchange") for Certificates issued under 
this Program to be admitted to listing and trading on the Regulated Market of the Stuttgart Stock 
Exchange. 
Subject to regulatory requirements, the Issuer may apply for the Certificates to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market or any other marketplace, such as an MTF, in Sweden and/or in Austria, Belgium, 
Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, and Spain and/or, 
subject to completion of relevant notification measures, any other Member State within the EEA. At this 
stage there can be no guarantee given that the application to have the Certificates admitted to trading on 
any such market, will be accepted. The Issuer may also issue one or more Series of Certificates that are 
not intended to be admitted to trading.  
The General Conditions in this Base Prospectus apply to all Certificates issued under this Program as 
modified, supplemented and completed in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
1.4. General description of Certificates 
The Certificates are non-equity linked securities which, directly or indirectly, synthetically track the 
performance of the price of Digital Assets (as defined in section 1.5. “Digital Assets” below) less a fee 
component. The Certificates will be denominated in a Settlement Currency specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and, consequently, where the Settlement Currency is other than the Reference Currency, 
there will also be a foreign exchange rate exposure between the Reference Currency and the relevant 
Settlement Currency which may impact (positively or negatively) the market value and final return from 
an investment in the Certificates. 
The Certificates will have Digital Assets as the direct or indirect synthetic underlying exposure. Such 
exposure may consist of one of the following: 
(i) 
Single Digital Asset: A Series of Certificates that provide exposure to a single Digital Asset 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
Basket of Digital Assets: A Series of Certificates that provide exposure to two or more 
Digital Assets in the form of a static basket of Digital Assets as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(iii) 
Index consisting of Digital Assets: A Series of Certificates that provide exposure to a 
single Index as specified in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(iv) 
Fund investing in Digital Assets: A Series of Certificates that provide exposure to a single 
alternative investment fund or other collective investment scheme managing investment 
strategies where the intended pay-out or investment objective is predominantly dependant 
on the performance of Digital Assets, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
The possible return that an investor will obtain will depend on the development of the specific single 
exposure applicable to the relevant Series of Certificates and, where the relevant Settlement Currency 
(i.e., the currency in which the relevant Series of Certificates are denominated) is other than the 
Reference Currency, the exchange rate between the Reference Currency and the relevant Settlement 
Currency, less a fee component as applicable to the relevant Series of Certificates. 
The Certificates may be issued as open-ended Certificates without a scheduled maturity date. The 
provisions regarding Issuer Call option and/or Holder Put Option may result in early redemption. 
The Certificates are not principal-protected and the Settlement Amount payable upon redemption may 
be as low as zero. The Certificates do not bear interest.  
During the life cycle of the Certificates, the value of the Certificates will depend on a number of factors, 
for example, the observed relevant prices of the relevant exposure to Digital Assets, the foreign 
exchange rate between the Reference Currency and the Settlement Currency, the level of market interest 
rates, expected volatility of the underlying Digital Assets, the index methodology of the relevant Index, 
the performance of the relevant fund investing in Digital Assets, the supply and demand of the relevant 
Digital Assets and the perceived credit risk associated with the Issuer. 
1.5. Digital Assets 
Digital assets, also sometimes called cryptoassets, are a type of private asset that depend primarily on 
cryptography and distributed ledger technology as part of their perceived or inherent value. A wide 
range of cryptoassets exist, including payment/exchange-type tokens (for example, the so-called virtual 
currencies (VCs)), investment-type tokens, and tokens applied to access a good or service (so-called 
‘utility’ tokens). 
The digital assets forming part of the exposure for a particular Series of Certificates providing exposure 
to a single digital asset will be the digital asset specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such digital asset 
(each a “Digital Asset”) must always consist of one of the digital assets that are among the top 75 digital 
assets with the highest market capitalization at the time of preparation of the relevant Final Terms. The 
assessment shall be based on:  
(1) 
the data regarding market capitalization and price per unit in USD as published on 
coinmarketcap.com;  
(2) 
if no current data is available as per (1) above, the most recent set of such data published on 
coinmarketcap.com; or 
(3) 
if (a) no current data as per (1) above is available and (b) no set of such data as per (2) is readily 
available for the public, the following table (which reflects such data as of 8pm on 11 November 
2021), 
in each case, subject to any limitations pursuant to applicable local legal and regulatory requirements:  
Rank 
Name 
Price 
Market Capitalization 
1 
Bitcoin (BTC) 
$65,022.00 
$1,224,867,250,664 
2 
Ethereum (ETH) 
$4,755.23 
$561,145,274,856 
3 
Binance Coin (BNB) 
$627.82 
$104,780,351,623 
4 
Tether (USDT) 
$1.00 
$73,891,173,601 
5 
Solana (SOL) 
$237.68 
$71,828,143,925 
6 
Cardano (ADA) 
$2.09 
$69,598,809,713 
7 
XRP (XRP) 
$1.21 
$57,015,850,650 
8 
Polkadot (DOT) 
$48.30 
$47,583,778,611

--- Page 7 ---
7 
9 
Dogecoin (DOGE) 
$0.2619 
$34,587,502,050 
10 
USD Coin (USDC) 
$1.00 
$34,436,634,251 
11 
SHIBA INU (SHIB) 
$0.00005491 
$30,151,757,122 
12 
Terra (LUNA) 
$51.07 
$24,315,310,096 
13 
Avalanche (AVAX) 
$87.84 
$19,350,798,673 
14 
Litecoin (LTC) 
$261.95 
$18,004,461,478 
15 
ChainLink (LINK) 
$35.31 
$16,335,887,676 
16 
Uniswap (UNI) 
$25.69 
$16,086,913,681 
17 
Wrapped Bitcoin (WBTC) 
$64,502.70 
$15,414,272,332 
18 
Binance USD (BUSD) 
$0.9999 
$13,539,419,358 
19 
Bitcoin Cash (BCH) 
$675.00 
$12,755,904,731 
20 
Algorand (ALGO) 
$2.01 
$12,561,988,471 
21 
Polygon (MATIC) 
$1.75 
$11,998,797,096 
22 
VeChain (VET) 
$0.1653 
$10,628,966,076 
23 
Stellar (XLM) 
$0.3969 
$9,636,544,927 
24 
Axie Infinity (AXS) 
$146.81 
$8,942,070,613 
25 
Internet Computer (ICP) 
$47.93 
$8,727,100,159 
26 
Crypto.com Coin (CRO) 
$0.3451 
$8,718,084,219 
27 
TRON (TRX) 
$0.1093 
$7,834,015,552 
28 
Filecoin (FIL) 
$62.67 
$7,662,955,593 
29 
Ethereum Classic (ETC) 
$57.14 
$7,480,526,926 
30 
Cosmos (ATOM) 
$33.30 
$7,472,212,327 
31 
Theta (THETA) 
$7.35 
$7,354,478,719 
32 
FTX Token (FTT) 
$59.81 
$7,177,497,327 
33 
Bitcoin BEP2 (BTCB) 
$64,912.44 
$6,822,948,512 
34 
Fantom (FTM) 
$2.62 
$6,663,703,259 
35 
NEAR Protocol (NEAR) 
$12.13 
$6,552,503,844 
36 
Dai (DAI) 
$1.00 
$6,504,654,553 
37 
Hedera (HBAR) 
$0.4255 
$6,389,890,138 
38 
Elrond (EGLD) 
$321.57 
$6,341,836,513 
39 
The Graph (GRT) 
$1.12 
$5,268,039,253 
40 
Tezos (XTZ) 
$5.92 
$5,131,223,237 
41 
Helium (HNT) 
$48.70 
$4,958,322,422 
42 
Decentraland (MANA) 
$2.72 
$4,941,554,985 
43 
Monero (XMR) 
$267.79 
$4,824,016,824 
44 
EOS (EOS) 
$4.93 
$4,785,479,749 
45 
PancakeSwap (CAKE) 
$18.91 
$4,559,504,000 
46 
Loopring (LRC) 
$3.22 
$4,270,748,189 
47 
Aave (AAVE) 
$313.35 
$4,149,845,539 
48 
Kadena (KDA) 
$26.36 
$4,144,676,930 
49 
Flow (FLOW) 
$13.11 
$4,072,778,604 
50 
Klaytn (KLAY) 
$1.56 
$3,930,037,884 
51 
Kusama (KSM) 
$437.63 
$3,706,790,786 
52 
IOTA (MIOTA) 
$1.32 
$3,673,666,464 
53 
TerraUSD (UST) 
$1.00 
$3,614,655,587 
54 
eCash (XEC) 
$0.0001902 
$3,592,900,410 
55 
NEO (NEO) 
$48.90 
$3,449,537,234 
56 
Bitcoin SV (BSV) 
$179.29 
$3,387,535,356 
57 
THORChain (RUNE) 
$13.08 
$3,376,650,116 
58 
Quant (QNT) 
$276.02 
$3,332,260,868 
59 
UNUS SED LEO (LEO) 
$3.23 
$3,081,171,361 
60 
Harmony (ONE) 
$0.2817 
$3,039,856,756 
61 
Maker (MKR) 
$3,002.61 
$2,976,571,460 
62 
Chiliz (CHZ) 
$0.4948 
$2,939,603,077

--- Page 8 ---
8 
63 
Stacks (STX) 
$2.27 
$2,912,085,048 
64 
Zcash (ZEC) 
$209.63 
$2,738,737,183 
65 
Waves (WAVES) 
$24.26 
$2,588,292,897 
66 
OMG Network (OMG) 
$18.02 
$2,527,822,132 
67 
BitTorrent (BTT) 
$0.003823 
$2,522,682,649 
68 
Amp (AMP) 
$0.05945 
$2,510,631,418 
69 
Enjin Coin (ENJ) 
$2.96 
$2,467,919,258 
70 
Dash (DASH) 
$231.02 
$2,406,019,843 
71 
Holo (HOT) 
$0.0139 
$2,403,876,453 
72 
Arweave (AR) 
$67.13 
$2,241,721,280 
73 
The Sandbox (SAND) 
$2.47 
$2,177,757,175 
74 
Celo (CELO) 
$6.10 
$2,116,956,124 
75 
Compound (COMP) 
$337.46 
$2,031,143,901 
The data regarding market capitalization and price per unit in USD reflects such data as of 8pm on 
11 November 2021. Such data is not indicative of future performance of the Certificates or any single 
Digital Asset. Third party source: coinmarketcap.com. This price source does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Digital Assets forming part of the exposure for a particular Series of Certificates providing exposure 
to a static basket of Digital Assets will always be composed of a set number of digital assets with the 
initial weighting as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The composition of any such basket must 
always consist of a selection of the relevant number of Digital Assets contained in the list stated above. 
A Series of Certificates providing exposure linked to an Index will give indirect exposure to the relevant 
digital assets constituting constituents of such Index from time to time pursuant to the rules governing 
the calculation, composition and methodology of the relevant Index. The eligible constituents of any 
such Index must always predominantly consist of a selection of the relevant number of Digital Assets. 
A Series of Certificates providing exposure linked to an alternative investment fund or other collective 
investment scheme, will give indirect exposure to the relevant digital assets in which such fund is 
invested from time to time pursuant to the rules governing such fund’s investments. The eligible 
investments of any such fund must always predominantly consist of a selection of the relevant number 
of Digital Assets. 
A description of common features of Digital Assets is set forth in Section 1.9 below. 
1.6. Exposure to a single Digital Asset 
The Issuer may issue Series of Certificates that provide exposure only to the single Digital Asset 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purpose of explaining the calculation of the value of the Certificate, a few examples are 
included below to illustrate such calculation for Single Digital Assets and assuming that the annual fee 
is fixed at 2.5%:  
 
 
 
Eligible Market Places 
Exchange 
 
1 
2 
3 
4 
SDA/USD (last paid) 
 
9340 
9360 
9348 
9341 
SDA/USD (average) 
 
(9340+9360+9348+9341) / 4 = 
9347.25 
USD/SEK (mid-price) 
 
9.7125 
SDA/SEK (“Asset-Level”) 
 
9352.25*9.7125=90,785.1656 
Aggregate daily management fee subtracted 
(2.5% per annum) 
 
90,785.1656-6.2182=90,778.9474

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Apply the multiplier (1/1000) 
 
90,778.9474*0.001=90.7789 
Fair value of the SDA Certificate in SEK 
(“Reference Price”) 
 
90.78 
 
Furthermore, for purpose of exemplifying the product and the components affecting the value of the 
product, examples of outcomes are shown below. 
An investor buys 100 Certificates of a Single Digital Asset at 90 SEK per Certificate for a notional value 
of 9,000 SEK. Assuming that after 90 days, the value of the relevant Digital Asset (the “SDA”) in USD 
has increased by 5% and the exchange rate USD/SEK has increased by 1%. Assuming linear 
performance, the management fee paid during the period is 0.5714 SEK per certificate or 57.14 SEK in 
notional value. The total performance after fees is 5.3651% and the investor’s certificates are worth 
94.83 SEK per certificate or 9,482.86 SEK in notional value. 
An investor buys 2,000 Certificates of a Single Digital Asset at 5 EUR per Certificate for a notional 
value of 10,000 EUR. Assuming that after 540 days, the value of the relevant SDA/USD has increased 
by 35% and the value of the exchange rate EUR/USD has increased by 5%. Assuming linear 
performance, the management fee paid during the period is 0.22192 EUR per certificate or 443.8356 
EUR in notional value. The total performance after fees is 35.562% and the investor’s certificates are 
worth 6.78 EUR per certificate or 13,556.16 EUR in notional value. 
An investor buys 200 Certificates of a Single Digital Asset at 50 SEK per Certificate for a notional value 
of 10,000 SEK. Assuming that after 180 days, the value of SDA/USD has decreased by 20% and the 
exchange rate USD/SEK has increased by 8%. Assuming linear performance, the management fee paid 
during the period is 0.57945 SEK per certificate or 115.89041 SEK in notional value. The total 
performance after fees is -13.159% and the investor’s certificates are worth 43.42 SEK per certificate 
or 8,684.11 SEK in notional value. 
1.7. Exposure to an Index consisting of Digital Assets 
The Issuer may issue a Series of Certificates providing an exposure to a single Index.   
The Vinter Valour benchmark family 
The complete set of rules of any Index and information on the performance of such Index are freely 
accessible on the Issuer’s or the relevant Benchmark Administrator’s website as detailed in the table 
below. The governing rules of the relevant Index (including the methodology of the Index for the 
selection and the rebalancing of the components of the Index, description of market disruption events 
and adjustment rules) are based on predetermined and objective criteria, which can be found in the 
websites noted in the table below. Such websites do not form part of this Base Prospectus and have not 
been scrutinised or approved by the SFSA. 
Invierno AB (“Vinter”), Reg. No. 559207-4172, Box 5193, 10244 Stockholm, Sweden is the benchmark 
administrator of the Vinter Valour benchmark family and the central recipient of input data with the 
ability to evaluate the integrity and accuracy of input data on a consistent basis. Vinter is responsible 
for the development of the index and controls all aspects of the provision of the benchmark. Vinter has 
established a permanent and effective oversight function, governance processes subject to periodic 
reviews and audits, policies regarding complaints, ethics, conflicts of interest, and contingency, and has 
established a clear internal organizational structure with consistent roles and responsibilities to identify, 
prevent, disclose, mitigate, and manage conflicts of interest.  
The European Securities and Markets Authority has included Invierno AB in its register of Benchmark 
Administrators approved to carry on the regulated activity of administering a benchmark.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Index 
Name 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
Index Description  
Index Methodology 
Index 
Information 
Source 
Vinter 
Valour 
Digital 
Asset 
Basket 10 
Index 
Invierno AB 
The Index tracks the 10 largest Digital 
Assets based on the average monthly market 
capitalization on the 15th calendar day of the 
month, for the two most recent months. The 
constituents are weighted by their current 
market capitalization, with a maximum 
weight of 30%. If a constituent exceeds the 
maximum weight, its weight will be reduced 
to the maximum weight and the excess 
weight will be redistributed proportionally 
across all other index components. This 
process is repeated until no component has a 
weight exceeding the maximum weight. The 
selection of constituents and their target 
weights is rebalanced quarterly on the last 
business day of the month, starting end of 
June.  
https://vinter.co/valour  
 
Index values 
are available 
in the Vinter 
API  
Vinter 
Valour 
DEFI5 
Index 
Invierno AB 
The Index tracks the five (5) largest 
Decentralized Finance (DeFi) assets as 
determined by the current market 
capitalization on the 15th calendar day of the 
month. The constituents are weighted by 
their current market capitalization. The 
selection of constituents and their target 
weights is rebalanced quarterly on the last 
business day of the month, starting end of 
June. 
https://vinter.co/valour  Index values 
are available 
in the Vinter 
API  
Vinter 
Valour 
Dollar 
Yield 
index 
Invierno AB 
The index measures the market yield of 
lending out selected crypto assets (e.g. 
USDT and USDC) on trading and lending 
platforms that fulfill Vinter's eligibility 
criteria. The market yield is calculated as an 
aggregation from the selected assets and 
platforms, multiplied by a utilization rate 
that is estimated according to the index 
methodology developed by Vinter and 
Valour. 
 
https://vinter.co/valour  Index values 
are available 
in the Vinter 
API  
Vinter 
Valour 
Metaverse 
Index 
  
  
Invierno AB 
The Index tracks the top five selected digital 
asset constituents in the metaverse category. 
The metaverse includes, but is not limited to, 
entertainment, sports, and retail. Digital 
assets are eligible as benchmark constituents 
if they fulfill the eligibility and selection 
criteria defined in the benchmark statement 
and the index methodology. 
https://vinter.co/valour  Index values 
are available 
in the Vinter 
API 
 
Main features of the Vinter Valour benchmark family 
The above indices administered by Vinter are built around eligible crypto-assets trading on eligible 
exchanges. Each benchmark within the Vinter Valour benchmark family is governed by a relevant index 
methodology and benchmark statement.1 
 
1 https://compliance.vinter.co/crypto-assets.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Eligible Constituents 
 
Crypto-assets trading on eligible exchanges are eligible as index constituents if they: 
 
1. are a cryptographically secured digital bearer instrument; 
2. are not index tokens, stablecoins or pegged to another asset such as currencies or commodities; 
3. are not an ongoing Initial Coin Offering; 
4. are not under investigation or deemed a security or fraudulent by a public financial regulatory 
authority with jurisdiction over the constituent or its wrapper; 
5. are supported by the industry including market makers, custodians and regulated exchanges; 
6. can be deposited to and withdrawn from least two eligible exchanges; 
7. are freely traded and can be freely held for the foreseeable future; 
8. have for the past month had a daily trading volume that exceeds USD 10 million on at least two 
eligible exchanges; and 
9. allow for cold storage 
10. have an average market capitalization above USD 1 billion the last month; 
11. trade against a G10 currency (AUD, CAD, EUR, JPY, NZD, NOK, GBP, SEK, CHF, USD); 
and 
12. are not designed to be private. 
Eligible Exchanges 
 
For an exchange to be eligible it must have: 
 
1. been operating as a crypto asset exchange for a minimum of two years; 
2. implemented trading, deposits, and withdrawal fees for a minimum of one month without 
interruption; 
3. met a minimum monthly volume threshold of USD 30 million with respect to the total trading 
volume; 
4. provided reliable, continuous, and valid market data for a minimum of one month; 
5. offered the possibility to withdraw and deposits for a minimum of one month settling in 2-7 
business days;  
6. chosen a jurisdiction of incorporation that offers sufficient investor protection such as Financial 
Action Task Force (FATF), FATF-style regional bodies (FSRBs) or Moneyval member states; 
7. complied with relevant anti-money laundering and know-your-customer regulations; 
8. cooperated with requests from Vinter and relevant regulatory bodies; 
9. provided information concerning ownership and corporate structure; and 
10. not been declared unlawful by any governmental authority or agency with jurisdiction over the 
exchange. 
 
Other benchmarks as the relevant Index 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer may, subject to the prior publication of a duly approved updated 
Base Prospectus or a supplement to this Base Prospectus, issue Certificates linked to other proprietary 
indices. In addition to any such proprietary indices, the Issuer may also issue Certificates tracking such 
other index as is stated in the relevant Final Terms. However, any such other index is only eligible for 
use if the relevant index:

--- Page 12 ---
12 
(a) 
consists predominantly of Digital Assets (as defined above) as constituents;  
(b) 
is administered by a regulated benchmark administrator; and 
(c) 
is a non-proprietary index in relation to the Issuer. 
Each Index will constitute a benchmark subject to Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments 
and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 Regulation (the “Benchmark 
Regulation”). Each Index will be administered by an administrator included in the register referred to 
in Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. 
 
1.8. Exposure to a fund investing in Digital Assets 
The Issuer may issue a Series of Certificates providing exposure to a fund investing in Digital Assets, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms (each a “Fund”). This could inter alia comprise of the following 
fund.   
(A) 
Arcane Assets Fund Limited 
Arcane Assets Fund Limited (“Arcane”) is a is a Cayman Islands exempted company incorporated with 
limited liability. The objective of Arcane is to provide exposure to the cryptocurrency market, 
independently of the performance of individual assets. Arcane’s existing fund will have a long term 
fundamental approach to the majority of its investments, but will also act on short term opportunities in 
the market.  
The share class D of the existing fund managed by Arcane is denominated in USD. The ISIN code for 
said share class is KYG0450K1379. The Arcane Fund may decide to issue further share classes and/or 
other funds. 
It is organised as a multi-class investment company with variable share capital the sole object of which 
is the collective investment of its funds with the aim of giving shareholders of the funds managed by 
Arcane the benefit of the results of the management of its funds. Arcane Assets AS has agreed to provide 
the services of Eric Wall (“Fund Manager”) in relation to the portfolio management of the fund. 
Eric Wall is a blockchain industry professional, technologist and Crypto Currency trader with 6 years 
of work experience. 
More information about the Arcane and the Fund Manager can be found under: 
https://www.arcane.no/. This website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the SFSA. 
 
1.9. Common features of Digital Assets 
In general, many digital asset ecosystems are based on the original code, logic and technical details of 
either the Bitcoin or the Ethereum protocol. 
Bitcoin was the first blockchain ever developed. It was invented in 2008 by an unknown person or group 
of people using the pseudonym Satoshi Nakamoto who published a white paper that defined the 
framework for the Bitcoin cryptocurrency. S/He implemented the Bitcoin software as an open-source-

--- Page 13 ---
13 
code and released the Bitcoin network in January 2009 when s/he mined the first block of the chain, 
known as the genesis block. Nakamoto disappeared in 2010 after handing over control of the blockchain 
to Gavin Andresen who subsequently went on to decentralize control over the future development of 
the Bitcoin blockchain. Even though Bitcoin has seen large price swings over the years, it has established 
itself as the most widely held and biggest cryptocurrency by market capitalization and is characterized 
by their good amount of decentralization, limited supply, relative anonymity, durability, immutability, 
fungibility and divisibility.  
Bitcoin is used as a form of electronic cash for digital payments. The payment system is based on 
mathematical proof, is decentralized and operates without a central bank or a single administrating 
authority. Transactions can be done user to user or peer to peer without the involvement of an 
intermediary. Bitcoin can also be traded on certain crypto currency exchanges and can be converted to 
traditional fiat currencies. 
Generally, Bitcoin transactions are cryptographically registered on a public distributed ledger called a 
blockchain. All transactions are continuously verified by the Bitcoin network, a decentralized 
community of users and miners that are validating all transactions that are taking place in the Bitcoin 
ecosystem. 
Bitcoin is open-source software and anyone is entitled to contribute to its development. A de-facto 
standard implementation is maintained by a group of developers known as “Core Developers”, who are 
unofficially responsible for the periodic protocol updates. At any time, a new update made by the “Core 
Developers”, or a new competing implementation, may be presented to the Bitcoin community for 
inclusion into the protocol. Any such update request is subject to the approval of the processing power 
on the Bitcoin Network.  
If the Bitcoin Network accepts the update unanimously, the whole system is upgraded and no “fork” 
takes place. However, if only a part of the processing power decides to support the new version a “fork” 
will take place, with one network (and the coin associated with it) running the original, pre-modification 
protocol version and the other network (and its associated coin) running the modified protocol version. 
Indeed, multiple update requests may be presented at the same time, causing one or multiple “forks” to 
occur simultaneously. This has happened several times.  
Ethereum, today’s second most valuable crypto currency when measured by market capitalization, was 
first floated as a project concept in 2013 and released in July 2015.  
Ethereum is an open-source, decentralized software platform that enables developers to create smart 
contracts and build distributed applications that run on the Ethereum blockchain. The native Ethereum 
digital asset is ETH. 
The original Ethereum blockchain hard-forked into Ethereum ETH and Ethereum Classic ETC in 2016 
following the exploitation of a flaw in DAO’s project’s smart contract software. Both these blockchains 
are using ERC20 tokens, which were designed to be shared, exchanged or stored.  
ERC20 is the universal language that makes use of a standardized set of commands that all ERC20 
tokens, even on different blockchains, use which makes interaction between them possible. 
All blockchains are maintained by its validators, no matter if centralized or decentralized. If only a part 
of the processing power decides to support a new version a “fork” will take place, with one network 
(and the coin associated with it) running the original, pre-modification protocol version and the other

--- Page 14 ---
14 
network (and its associated coin) running the modified protocol version. Indeed, multiple update 
requests may be presented at the same time, causing multiple “forks” to occur simultaneously.  
Holders of a particular digital asset coin before a forking event will technically own each of the resulting 
coins as well, as they share a common transaction history before the fork. Forks within a network of a 
particular digital asset coin are not an uncommon occurrence and notice of a forthcoming fork is 
typically commonly obtained well in advance. There are particular circumstances for each fork and their 
relative significance varies. It is possible that a particular fork may result in a significant disruption to 
the underlying asset and, potentially, may result in a market disruption event should pricing become 
problematic following the fork. It is not possible to predict, with accuracy, the impact which any 
anticipated fork could have or for how long any resulting disruption may exist. 
A fork which results in the creation of a new coin presents a number of operational difficulties. A 
provider of custodian services may not have the IT-infrastructure to cater for the new coin and its 
particular characteristics. Indeed, “wallets” may also not have the requisite software in order to receive 
the new coin. The new coin(s) may not readily be sellable (indeed, providers of custodial services have 
often been keen to either not release the new coin or to do so only at certain moments in order to protect 
the security of their custodial systems). If and when a sale does become possible, the degree of market 
activity at that time in the relevant new coin can have a significant suppressant effect upon its price. 
Price discovery in respect of the coins which result from a fork is not typically problematic but there 
may be an impact upon the Issuer’s creation and redemption processes (specifically, the timescales 
involved in connection therewith for transactions which have not yet settled, including transactions that 
have already been initiated) as a consequence of the foregoing operational considerations. 
It may be necessary for the Issuer’s listing to be suspended for a period whilst the determination of the 
coin which is accepted as continuing to be the “true” new particular digital asset coin in question, is 
undertaken. The need for any such suspension is considered to be a reflection of the market dynamics 
for the underlying asset, rather than a deficiency to which the Issuer is uniquely subject. 
In the event of a future fork of any particular digital asset blockchain, the Issuer will strive, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner and with due consideration of any applicable legal, regulatory, 
issuance and clearing constraints and administrative burden, to maximize the value for the investors of 
the Certificate. But it is worth noting that it is impossible today to predict all possible scenarios in a 
transformation event. The Issuer will, on a case-by-case basis, analyse and subjectively decide on the 
optimal strategy while always keeping the best interest of the investors in mind. At all times will the 
Issuer transparently communicate the chosen course of action on its homepage as soon as reasonably 
practicable. If the Issuer in the future receives any income relating to the tokens that are owned in order 
to hedge its exposure to the underlying digital asset, either from airdrops or other yet unknown sources, 
any such net proceeds will form part of the Issuer’s own funds. 
1.10. Common marketplaces for Digital Assets 
In order to hedge its exposure to each Digital Asset, the Issuer relies on cryptocurrency exchanges to be 
able to buy and sell the Digital Assets which the Certificates track. Some of these exchanges may be 
unregulated and exposure to these exchanges may be associated with risks. Valour applies a strict policy 
for counterparty risks, meaning that the Issuer only is exposed to these markets to the extent necessary 
for the daily business. Valour further applies conservative risk policies whereby only a certain part of 
the Issuer’s total assets is held at an exchange at any given point in time. The amount which is held at 
any given exchange depends on the estimated liquidity need of that particular Certificate in a given time

--- Page 15 ---
15 
period and may fluctuate significantly from time to time. Some of the eligible marketplaces for these 
purposes are (neither of the websites listed below form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the SFSA): 
Bitstamp (www.bitstamp.com) 
 
Bitstamp is Europe’s biggest cryptocurrency exchange and based in Luxembourg. Since 2016, Bitstamp 
is fully regulated in the EU as a payment institution and allows trading in a rather limited amount of 
cryptocurrency coins versus fiat currencies (USD, EUR and others). The company was founded in 2011 
as a European alternative to then dominant exchanges in other parts of the world and is currently having 
operations in Luxembourg, London and Slovenia. Recently, Bitstamp has been granted a virtual 
currency dealing license by the New York financial regulator. 
 
Coinbase (www.coinbase.com) 
 
Coinbase is a digital assets exchange headquartered in San Francisco, USA. The company was co-
founded in 2012 by acting CEO Brian Armstrong and received significant early investments of several 
venture capital firms. Coinbase is known for its rather limited number of available cryptocurrency pairs 
against a rather large number of different fiat currencies. The parent company is currently running 
Coinbase, Coinbase Pro and GDAX. The former is catering to newcomers in the cryptocurrency space 
while the latter two are focusing on larger traders and institutional investors. Coinbase is a regulated 
entity that complies with all applicable laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which it operates. 
On 14 April 2021, its Class A common stock started trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under 
the ticker symbol “COIN”. 
 
Kraken (www.kraken.com) 
 
Kraken is a cryptocurrency exchange based in San Francisco, USA. Kraken is registered as a licensed 
Money Services Business in the USA and Canada. The Exchange is owned by Payward Inc and is headed 
by CEO and co-founder Jesse Powell who founded the exchange in 2011. Soon after it started operations 
in 2013, it was the first exchange to list its BTC/USD pair on Bloomberg Terminal. In 2014, Kraken 
was the first crypto exchange to pass a proof-of-reserves audit. Their trading platform, which allows 
trading in a number of cryptocurrencies versus a variety of fiat currencies, has recently added futures 
trading after it acquired British company Crypto Facilities Ltd. Kraken is a leading exchange for 
European investors who trade crypto currencies, in particular Bitcoin, versus Euros.  
1.11. 
Fee arrangements 
Fees pursuant to the Conditions of the Certificates 
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Certificates, the Certificates will track the relevant Digital 
Asset(s), Index or Fund (and, where the Settlement Currency is other than the Reference Currency, there 
will be a foreign exchange rate exposure between the Reference Currency and the relevant Settlement 
Currency which may impact positively or negatively) less a fee component. The maximum fee level 
applicable to the relevant Series of Certificates is always specified in the Final Terms applicable to such 
Series. The Issuer may in its sole and absolute discretion apply, from time to time, a lower fee level than 
the stated maximum fee level with respect to all Certificates in one or more Series of Certificates. 
 
Fees pursuant to the rules of the relevant Index 
An Index’s performance will also be affected by any fee component(s) and cost component(s) forming 
part of the index calculation methodology applied pursuant to the rules of the relevant Index.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Fees pursuant to the offering documents of the relevant Fund 
A Fund's performance will also be affected by the fees and expenses which it incurs, as described in its 
offering documents. Such fees and expenses may include the investment management fees, performance 
fees and operating expenses typically incurred in connection with any direct investment in a Fund. 
 
1.12. Application for admittance to trading on regulated markets and multilateral trading 
facilities (MTFs) 
The Issuer may apply for admittance of the Certificates to trading on the Nordic MTF operated by Nordic 
Growth Market NGM AB in Stockholm, Sweden, a subsidiary of Bourse Stuttgart in Stuttgart, Germany.  
Application may be made to the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) (the 
"Frankfurt Stock Exchange") for Certificates issued under this Program to be admitted to listing and 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.  
Application may be made to Bourse Stuttgart (the "Stuttgart Stock Exchange") for Certificates issued 
under this Program to be admitted to listing and trading on the Regulated Market of the Stuttgart Stock 
Exchange. 
At a later stage and subject to regulatory requirements, the Issuer may apply for the Certificates to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market or any other marketplace, such as an MTF, in Sweden and/or 
in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, 
Norway, and Spain and/or, subject to completion of relevant notification measures, any other Member 
State within the EEA. 
In no case can there be any assurance given that such application will be accepted or that it will be 
possible to maintain any granted admission to trading. 
1.13. Secondary market in Sweden 
If the application for admission to trading is approved by the relevant regulated market or MTF in 
Sweden, Mangold Fondkommission AB will act as market maker and will under normal market 
conditions maintain a secondary market. Mangold Fondkommission AB will maintain a secondary 
market by providing bid and offer prices. These prices may be significantly lower than they were when 
the Certificates were purchased. During abnormal market conditions the secondary market can be 
illiquid.  
Similarly, the Issuer may appoint Mangold or one or more other parties to act as market-maker in relation 
to other relevant regulated markets, MTF’s or other marketplaces. 
1.14. Form of Certificates 
The form of the Certificates, which may be Materialized Certificates or Dematerialized Certificates, will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Materialized Certificates 
Materialized Certificates are Certificates issued in registered form represented on issue by the global 
certificates security in registered form and title thereto shall depend upon the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream.  Consequently, the Materialized Certificates will be in certificated form and so registered. 
No Certificates in definitive form shall be issued. The address of Euroclear is: 1 boulevard du Roi Albert 
II B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is: 42 Avenue JF Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
Dematerialized Certificates 
Dematerialized Certificates are issued in registered, dematerialized and uncertificated book-entry form 
in accordance with: 
(a) 
the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. 
lag (1998:1479) om centrala värdepappersförvarare och kontoföring av finansiella 
instrument) (“Swedish Certificates”); or 
(b) 
the art. 973c of the Swiss Code of Obligations, the Swiss Federal Act on Intermediate 
Securities (the “FISA”) and the regulations of SIX SIS AG (“Swiss Certificates”); 
in each case in the Settlement Currency for the relevant Certificates. 
No physical document of title will be issued in respect of dematerialized Certificates. 
The applicable law regarding title with respect to the dematerialised Certificates will be: 
(A) 
Swedish law as regards Swedish Certificates; 
(B) 
Swiss law as regards Swiss Certificates; and 
In the case of Swiss Certificates, dematerialised Certificates will be created by the Issuer by means of a 
registration in its register of uncertificated securities (Wertrechtebuch). The Issuer will maintain the 
register of uncertificated securities. Intermediated securities will be created in accordance with art. 6 (2) 
FISA by entering such uncertificated securities in the main register of uncertificated securities 
(Hauptregister) maintained by SIX SIS AG based on an agreement concluded between SIS and the 
Swiss Issuing and Paying Agent or any other eligible entity, acting as custodian (Verwahrungsstelle) as 
defined in art. 4 FISA, which - in the case of SIX SIS AG - is available to the public on the website of 
SIX SIS AG under https://secure.six-securities-services.com/registration/WertrechteIsinReport, and (ii) 
SIX SIS AG or any other eligible entity, acting as custodian, crediting the respective rights to securities 
accounts of one or more of its account holders in accordance with art. 4 and 6 FISA. This website does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus. As long as the Swiss Certificates constitute intermediated 
securities, the Swiss Certificates may only be transferred or otherwise disposed of in accordance with 
the provisions of the FISA and the regulations of SIX SIS AG. 
In general, the records of a custodian will determine the number of Swiss Certificates held through each 
account holder with such custodian. In respect of the Swiss Certificates held in the form of intermediated 
securities, the investors will be the persons holding the Swiss Certificates in a securities account with 
such custodian in their own name and for their own account. The investor’s entitlement to intermediated 
securities is based on its relevant securities account. An investor may at any time require its custodian 
to draw up a statement of the intermediated securities credited to its securities account in accordance 
with art. 16 FISA. Investors must rely on the procedures of SIX SIS Ltd and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and their financial intermediary/custodian, to receive payments under the relevant Swiss 
Certificates. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for failure of SIX SIS Ltd and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and/or custodian to fulfil their obligations to investors. 
The address of the Swedish CSD Euroclear Sweden is: Klarabergsviadukten 63, Box 191, SE-101 23 
Stockholm, Sweden. 
The address of the Swiss CSD is: Baslerstrasse 100, CH-4600 Olten, Switzerland.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
1.15. Agents 
The Issuer may enter into one or more agreements with a local issuing agent in each applicable 
jurisdiction in connection with the issue of Certificates in dematerialized form or (b) one or more 
agreements with a local paying agent in respect of payments to be made in the relevant jurisdiction, 
and/or (c) one or more agreements with a local listing agent where required under relevant listing rules 
or otherwise is deemed appropriate, in each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
1.16. Conflicts of interest 
Valour is the Issuer of the Certificates offered under the Program. The Issuer will also act as Calculation 
Agent and will therefore calculate the amounts to be paid to investors in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions. As Calculation Agent, the Issuer may need to determine whether certain events have taken 
place or if certain adjustments shall be made in case of, for instance, market disruptions. As a 
consequence, situations may arise where conflict of interests may occur between the interests of Valour 
as the Issuer and the interests of the investors. 
1.17. Benchmark Regulation 
Each Index will constitute a benchmark subject to Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments 
and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 Regulation (the “Benchmark 
Regulation”). Each Index will be administered by an administrator included in the register referred to 
in Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. 
The “Reference Price” (as defined in Condition 5 –“Settlement Amount, etc” below) is itself not a 
benchmark subject to Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 
June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure 
the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 Regulation (the “Benchmark Regulation”). The Issuer is not an 
administrator included in the register referred to in Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. Nor is any 
administrator registered in said register participating in the calculation of the Reference Price or any 
other value or amount made pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Certificates.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
2. 
RISK FACTORS 
This section contains a number of risk factors, both risks pertaining to the Issuer and pertaining to the 
Certificates. The assessment of materiality of each risk factor is based on the probability of their 
occurrence and the expected magnitude of their adverse impact is disclosed by rating the relevant risk 
as low, medium or high. 
The risk factors are presented in categories where the most material risk factors in a category is/are 
presented first under such category. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not ranked in order 
of materiality or probability of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than one 
category, such risk factor appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. 
Terms defined in "Terms and Conditions" or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meaning 
in this section, unless otherwise expressly stated.  
The attention of the investors is drawn to the fact that they could sustain an entire or partial loss of their 
investment. 
Risk factors relating to the Issuer 
At this point in time, the Issuer has identified the factors listed below that could affect the business of 
the Issuer and the Issuer’s position in the market. 
Dependency on the developments of the digital assets sector 
At the moment, the focus of the Issuer's business activities is the issuance of certificates relating to 
various digital assets and the hedging thereof. As a consequence, industry wide events having a negative 
impact on digital assets will constitute risks specific to the Issuer as it has no other business activities. 
Many of the digital asset protocols are based on open source software which results in a permanent 
process of evolution which could mean that the Issuer may, at some stage in the future, not be able to 
adapt to such changed circumstances which would have a negative effect on the Issuer and its ability to 
carry out its business. Perception as well as trust in digital assets may suddenly shift which could lead 
to a decreased ability for the Issuer to access its digital assets at the cryptocurrency exchanges where it 
holds some of its cash or coins. Similarly, the Issuer is exposed to the risk that any of its counterparties 
does not fulfil their obligations which could have a negative effect on its business and its financial 
position if the risk occurs.  
Risk assessment: High 
Risks associated with ownership of Digital Assets and Wallets 
Rather than the actual Digital Asset (which are “stored” on the blockchain), a Digital Asset wallet stores 
the information necessary to transact the relevant Digital Asset. Those digital credentials are needed so 
one can access and spend the relevant Digital Asset. Many Digital Assets use public-key-cryptography 
in which two cryptographic keys, one public and one private, are generated and stored in a wallet.  
It is paramount for any owner of digital assets to make sure that these assets are stored in the safest 
possible way and that private keys are kept as secret as possible in order to prevent loss, theft, 
infringement or other challenges that could result in the loss of control of the assets. Valour is defining 
the guideline around the handling of its digital assets’ custodial details in its own, internal rules and 
regulations document. Mistreatment of private keys and wallets is highly likely to result in the loss of a

--- Page 20 ---
20 
substantial part or all of the assets in question and would have a devastating effect on the value of the 
Certificates and the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Certificates. 
Risk assessment: High 
Risks associated with the Issuer’s organization 
The Issuer will act as an issuer of exchange traded certificates linked, directly or indirectly, to digital 
assets and the hedging thereof (including but not limited to the Certificates described in this Base 
Prospectus). Investors must be aware of the short business history of the company which was formed as 
recently as June 2019 and has due to the short business history not yet had the possibility to prove that 
it can make a profit out of its business idea. Investors in the Certificates will be exposed to the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer. There is no collateral, guarantee or other form of creditor protection 
available for investors in the Certificates. 
Other operational risks include the potential of insufficient internal routines, errors caused by humans 
or computer systems. The Issuer has implemented a very stringent set of internal rules that define 
guidelines including for the risk management of positions, market making of the certificates and as well 
as the ways its digital assets can and must be stored. In the event of breach or other non-compliance 
with the Issuer’s internal rules and guidelines regarding hedging, secondary market trading activities 
and/or storage of digital assets, or if a perpetrated attack from the outside occurs on its premises, 
computer or storage systems, the Issuer may suffer significant economic losses and its reputation may 
be impaired limiting its ability to attract new business.  
Risk assessment: Medium 
Regulatory and legal risk factors 
The Issuer is a company which is regulated by various laws and regulations of the Cayman Islands. The 
Issuer cannot fully anticipate all changes that in the future may be made to laws and regulations to which 
the Issuer is subject to in the future, nor the possible impact of all such changes. The Issuer's ability to 
conduct its business is dependent on the ability to comply with rules and regulations. If the Issuer would 
be found to be in breach of regulations applicable to the Issuer could result in fines or adverse publicity 
which could have a material adverse effect on the business which in turn may lead to decreased results 
of operations and the company’s financial condition. 
The Issuer is subject to many different forms of taxation including but not limited to corporate taxes, 
income tax, withholding tax, value added tax and social security and other payroll related taxes. Tax law 
and administration is complex and often requires the Issuer to make subjective determinations. The tax 
authorities may not agree with the determinations that are made with respect to the application of tax 
law. Such disagreements could result in lengthy legal disputes and potentially in the payment of 
substantial amounts for tax, interest and penalties, which could have a material effect on the Issuer's 
results of operations. 
The Issuer's involvement in such proceedings or settlements as well as potential new legislation or 
regulations, decisions by public authorities or changes regarding the application of or interpretation of 
existing legislation, regulations or decisions by public authorities applicable to the Issuer's operations, 
the Certificates and / or the underlying assets, may adversely affect the Issuer's business or an investment 
in the Certificates. 
Risk assessment: Medium

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Competition 
There are several other issuers that have listed similar tracker-products in various forms and markets. If 
the Issuer fails to compete successfully with such competitors or if the competition would increase 
significantly by new market entrants, such development may seriously impact the profitability and 
creditworthiness of Valour. 
Risk assessment: Medium 
 
Risk factors relating to the Certificates 
General  
The Certificates are designed to mirror the performance of a direct or indirect exposure towards Digital 
Asset(s), which will depend on the price of the relevant Digital Asset(s) underlying it, as detailed in the 
General Conditions in this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms. The fact that the underlying 
asset is denominated in the Reference Currency while the Certificates may have a different Settlement 
Currency implies that the value of the Certificates is also subject to fluctuations in the exchange rates of 
the Reference Currency against the Settlement Currency. The Certificates thus represent a synthetic 
exposure to the relevant single Digital Assets and the Reference Currency through an unsecured debt 
obligation which the investor holds until they are either sold, have been redeemed or have expired. By 
definition, the Certificates are therefore neither fully nor partially capital protected by law or by its 
design and thus pose a risk for investors where they could lose parts or the entire invested amount. The 
return of the Certificates may be more or less than what a comparable investment directly in the relevant 
Digital Assets would yield. 
Historical prices are no guarantee for or indication of future price levels for the Certificates and / or the 
relevant Digital Assets in relation to the Reference Currency. Historical trading patterns do not need to 
repeat themselves in the future, and, if an investor relies on historical trading patterns in the context of 
a forward-looking investment strategy, the outcome may be different and result in unexpected losses. 
An individual investor in the Certificate may also be exposed to changes in the regulatory and taxation 
environment, both on a personal level as well as by owning an instrument which tracks the performance 
of an underlying assets which may be subject to changes in the same. Regulatory changes targeting 
digital assets may focus on limited possibilities to invest in such assets as well as transferable securities 
linked to such assets which may impair investors’ ability to divest from an investment in the Certificates. 
Similarly, changes in tax regimes may provide for disincentives to invest in digital assets or transferable 
securities linked to such assets which may impair an investor net result from an investment in the 
Certificates compared to the expected position at the time of the investment decision.  
Risk assessment: High 
Risks due to the technical design of digital assets that may lead to a loss of confidence  
The source code of digital assets such as each Digital Asset is public and may be downloaded and viewed 
by anyone. Despite this, there may be a bug in the respective code which is yet to be found and repaired, 
which may jeopardize the integrity and security of one or more of these networks.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
Should miners for reasons yet unknown cease to register completed transactions within blocks which 
have been detached from the blockchain, the confidence in the protocol and network will be reduced, 
which will reduce the value of the digital assets associated with that protocol.  
Since the protocols for Digital Assets are public open source software, they could be particularly 
vulnerable to hacker attacks, which is damaging for the digital assets market and can be the cause for 
investors to choose other currencies or assets to invest in. 
Risk assessment: High 
Political, regulatory risk in the market of digital assets 
The legal status of digital assets varies between different countries. The lack of consensus concerning 
the regulation of digital assets and how such currencies shall be handled tax wise causes insecurity 
regarding their legal status. As regulatory clarity around digital assets is still evolving, there is a risk 
that politics and future regulations will affect the market of digital assets and companies operating in 
such market. Exactly how future politics and regulations may affect the market is impossible to know. 
However, future regulations and changes in the legal status of the digital assets is a political risk which 
may affect the price development of the relevant Digital Assets. If the Issuer fails in complying with 
them, this may lead to the Issuer incurring losses and it may also have an adverse impact on the Issuer's 
ability to carry out its business. 
The perception (and the extent to which it is held) that there is significant usage of the digital assets in 
connection with criminal or other illicit purposes, could materially influence the development and 
regulation of digital assets (potentially by curtailing the same). 
Future regulation of any digital assets in general may negatively impact the market for Digital Assets. 
Risk assessment: High 
Risk factors related to underlying assets and the secondary market 
The price determination in the secondary market follows customary market mechanisms relating to the 
Certificates and their exposure. The price levels in the secondary market may thus over time move either 
higher or lower than the price which investors have purchased their Certificates for. Although the price 
determination of the Certificates in the secondary market is based on established calculation models, as 
specified in the General Conditions in this Base Prospectus, it is dependent upon the underlying 
development of the market as well as the market's perception of the Issuer's credit status and the 
Certificates' probable remaining duration. In the light of the historical price volatility of Digital Assets, 
it seems possible that the price determination of the Certificates in the secondary market will be very 
volatile. 
Even if the Certificates are listed on a regulated market or another marketplace and therefore are 
available for trading in such market, there may not always be a bid/offer spread or sufficient volume in 
the market to fill the desired order of an investor due to the fact that the market maker obligations are 
limited as described in the market maker rules of the exchange in question. The Issuer is interested to 
have a reliable price development in the Certificates and intends to engage market maker(s) for the 
purpose of having a bid/offer spread in the market throughout the entire trading session. However, a 
disturbance in these arrangements can result in investors being unable to sell their Certificates at a 
desired time or at a price which is comparable to similar investments that have an existing and 
functioning secondary market. If liquidity in the Certificates dries up, trading of the Certificates in the 
secondary market may be interrupted and have an adverse effect of their market value.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
Risk assessment: Medium 
No value creation or loss avoidance from forks, airdrops and other Transformation Events 
If a so-called ‘fork’, ‘airdrop’ or other Transformation Event (as defined in the Conditions) has occurred 
the Calculation Agent will determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, if any action will be taken to 
take such event into account and, if so, how and to what extent. The Calculation Agent will assess 
feasibility and costs associated therewith and may decide not to take any such event into account. 
Holders should not assume that any such event will result in any value creation to the benefit of Holders. 
Consequently, there is a risk that Holders will not benefit from any actual or perceived value resulting 
from and / or being available in connection with the relevant event and / or be able to avoid or reduce 
any losses associated with such event. 
Risk assessment: Medium 
Perception, Evolution, Validation and Valuation 
Each Digital Asset does not represent an intrinsic value or a form of credit. Its value is a function of the 
perspective of the participants within the marketplace for that digital asset. The price of the digital asset 
fluctuates as a result of supply and demand pressures that accumulate in the market for it. Having a finite 
supply (in the case of many but not all digital assets), the more people want to own that digital asset, the 
more the market price increases and vice-versa. 
The most common means of determining the value of a digital asset is through one or more 
cryptocurrency exchanges where that digital asset is traded. Such exchanges publicly disclose the “times 
and sales” of the various listed pairs. As the marketplace for digital assets evolves, the process for 
assessing value will become increasingly sophisticated. 
The protocols for cryptocurrencies such as the Digital Assets are publicly available and under 
development. Further development and acceptance of the protocols is dependent on a number of factors. 
The development of any of these digital assets may be prevented or delayed, should disagreements 
between participants, developers and members of the network arise. New and improved versions of the 
source code will be "voted" in by a majority of the members of the network carrying out the changes in 
their nodes, meaning upgrading their nodes to the latest version of the code. Should a situation arise 
where it is not possible to reach a majority in the network regarding the implementation of a new version 
of the protocol, this may mean that, among other things, the improvement of that protocol’s scalability 
may be restrained. Should the development of the relevant single Digital Asset protocols be prevented 
or delayed, this may adversely affect the value of the currencies. Further, if a direct compensation for 
the developers of the respective protocol is missing, it could lead to decreased incentives for continuous 
development of the protocols. Should these protocols not develop further, the value of the associated 
digital asset will decrease, which in turn would affect the value of the Certificates. 
Risk assessment: Medium 
Cyber security risks 
A 51% attack, or majority attack, is an adverse action undertaken against a blockchain network by a 
single one or a group of miners acting together. By at least temporarily controlling a majority of the 
network mining power they would probably be able to alter the blockchain in their favour by for example 
halting transactions, reversing transactions, double spending coins or causing other damage.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
Double spending is a malicious act when a hostile entity that controls more than 50% of a blockchains 
mining power spends coins on multiple occasions. 
Risk assessment: Medium 
Risk factors relating to Baskets of Digital Assets 
Correlation of basket constituents indicates the level of interdependence among the individual basket 
constituents with respect to their performance. If, for example, all of the basket constituents originate 
from the same sector and the same country or region, a high positive correlation may generally be 
assumed. Past rates of correlation may not be determinative of future rates of correlation. Although 
basket constituents may not appear to be correlated based on past performance, it may be that they suffer 
the same adverse performance following a general downturn or other economic or political event. Where 
the basket constituents are subject to high correlation, any move in the performance of the basket 
constituents will exaggerate the performance of the Certificates, and this could have a highly negative 
(or positive) impact on the value of and return on the Certificates. 
Depending on the particular terms of the Certificates, even in the case of a positive performance of one 
or more basket constituents, the performance of the basket as a whole may be negative if the performance 
of one or more of the other basket constituents is negative to a greater extent. In such case, the negative 
performance of one or more basket constituents could have a negative impact on the value of and return 
on your Certificates. 
The performance of a basket that includes a fewer number of basket constituents will generally, subject 
to the terms and conditions of the relevant Certificates, be more affected by changes in the value of any 
particular basket constituent included therein than a basket that includes a greater number of basket 
constituents.  
The performance of a basket that gives greater weight to some basket constituents will generally, subject 
to the particular terms of the Certificates, be more affected by changes in the value of any such particular 
basket constituent included therein than a basket that gives relatively equal weight to each basket 
constituent.  
Accordingly, if there are only a few Digital Assets and/or their weighting is not equal, the negative 
performance of only one (or only a few) Digital Asset(s) could have a disproportionate impact on the 
value of and return on the Certificates. 
Where the Certificates grant the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer the right, in certain circumstances, 
to adjust the composition of the basket, you should be aware that any replacement basket constituent 
may perform differently from the original basket constituent, which may have an adverse effect on the 
performance of the basket and a negative impact on the value of and return on the Certificates. 
Risk assessment: Medium 
Risk factors relating to Indices 
Indices are comprised of a synthetic portfolio of Digital Assets, and as such, the performance of an Index 
is dependent factors relating to the Digital Assets or other components that comprise such Index, which 
may include interest and price levels on the capital markets, currency developments, political factors 
and (in the case of shares) Digital Asset-specific factors. Any one or a combination of such factors could

--- Page 25 ---
25 
adversely affect the performance of the relevant Index which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on 
the value of and return on your Certificates. 
The sponsor of any Index may add, delete or substitute the components of such Index or make other 
methodological changes that could change the level of one or more components. The changing of 
components of any Index may affect the level of such Index as a newly added component may perform 
significantly worse or better than the component it replaces, which in turn may affect the payments made 
by the Issuer to you under the Certificates. The sponsor of any such Index may also alter, discontinue 
or suspend calculation or dissemination of such Index. The sponsor of an Index will have no involvement 
in the offer and sale of the Certificates and will have no obligation to any Holder of Certificates. The 
sponsor of an Index may take any actions in respect of such Index without regard to the interests of the 
Holders of Certificates, and any of these actions could have a material adverse impact on the value of 
and return on the Certificates. 
The Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer has discretionary authority under the terms and conditions of 
the Certificates to make certain determinations and adjustments following an Index Modification 
(broadly, changes in the methodology of the Index), Index Cancellation (permanent cancellation of the 
Index) and Index Disruption (failure to calculate and publish the level of the Index). The Calculation 
Agent and/or the Issuer may determine that the consequence of any such event is to make adjustments 
to the Certificates, or to replace such Index with another or to cause early redemption of the Certificates. 
The Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer may (subject to the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Certificates) also amend the relevant Index level due to corrections in the level reported by the 
Benchmark Administrator. Any such determination may have a negative adverse effect on the value of 
and return on the Certificates. 
Risk assessment: Medium 
Risk factors relating to Funds 
Prospective investors should review the relevant fund offering document in respect of a Fund to which 
the Certificates are linked, including the risk factors, prior to making an investment in the Certificates. 
However, neither the Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) nor any of their affiliates has any responsibility for 
the accuracy or completeness of any fund offering documents. 
The performance of the units or shares (the "Fund Shares") of a Fund to which the Certificates are 
linked will affect the value of the investment return on the Certificates. The performance of the Fund 
Shares of a Fund is dependent upon many factors, including macroeconomic factors (such as interest 
and price levels on the capital markets, currency developments including variation of exchange rates of 
foreign currencies, political, judicial or economic factors) and Fund-specific factors (such as the risk 
profile of the Fund, the expertise of its senior personnel and its shareholder structure and distribution 
policy). The investment objectives and policies employed by a Fund and the underlying components in 
which it invests may utilise various investment strategies which may also affect the performance of the 
Fund Shares of a Fund. In addition, a Fund may make investments in markets that are volatile and/or 
illiquid and it may be difficult or costly for investment positions to be opened or liquidated. Any one or 
a combination of such factors could adversely affect the performance of the Fund(s) which, in turn, 
could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on your Certificates. 
A Fund's performance will be affected by the fees and expenses which it incurs, as described in its 
offering documents. Such fees and expenses may include the investment management fees, performance 
fees and operating expenses typically incurred in connection with any direct investment in a Fund. A

--- Page 26 ---
26 
Fund will assess fees and incur costs and expenses regardless of its performance. High levels of trading 
could cause a Fund to incur increased trading costs. Holders of Fund linked Certificates will be exposed 
to a pro rata share of the fees and expenses of the relevant Fund(s) and such exposure could have a 
negative impact on the value of and return on the Certificates than in the absence of such fees and 
expenses. 
Holders of the Certificates will have no claim against any Fund, its management company or any fund 
service provider, and the Holders will not have any right of recourse under the Certificates to any such 
entity or the Fund Shares of such Fund. The Certificates are not in any way sponsored, endorsed or 
promoted by any Fund, its management company or any fund service provider, and such entities have 
no obligation to take into account the consequences of their actions in respect of any Holders. A Fund, 
its management company or any fund service provider may take any actions in respect of such Fund 
without regard to the interests of the Holders, and any of these actions could adversely affect the market 
value of and return on the Certificates. 
The regulatory environment is evolving and changes therein may adversely affect the ability of a Fund 
to obtain the leverage it might otherwise obtain or to pursue its investment strategies. In addition, the 
regulatory or tax environment for derivative and related instruments is evolving and may be subject to 
modification by government or judicial action which may adversely affect the value of the investments 
held by a Fund. It is not possible to predict the effect of any future changes to applicable law or 
regulation or uncertainties such as international political developments, changes in government policies, 
taxation, restrictions or foreign investment and currency repatriation or fluctuations 
Further, the markets in which a Fund invests may prove to be highly volatile from time to time as a 
result of, for example, sudden changes in government policies on taxation and currency repatriation or 
changes in legislation relating to the value of foreign ownership of assets held by a Fund, and this may 
affect the net asset value at which such Fund may liquidate positions to meet repurchase requests or 
other funding requirements. Any such regulatory changes or market volatility could adversely affect the 
performance of the Fund(s) which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on 
your Certificates. 
The management company of a Fund may, without regard to the interests of the Holders, add, remove 
or substitute the components of a Fund in which such Fund invests or make other methodological 
changes that could change the investment profile of a Fund, which could adversely affect the investment 
return on the Certificates. The management company of a Fund may also determine to discontinue such 
Fund. If a Fund to which the Certificates are linked is discontinued, the Certificates may be redeemed 
early. Any such action could have a negative impact on the value of and return on the Certificates. 
The success of a Fund is dependent on the expertise of its management company and fund service 
providers. The loss of one or more investment personnel associated with such management company or 
fund service provider could have a material adverse effect on the ability of a management company or 
fund service provider, as applicable, to complete its obligations in respect of a Fund, resulting in losses 
for such Fund and a decline in the value of the Fund Shares of such Fund. Certain management 
companies and fund service providers may have only one principal personnel, without whom the 
relevant management company or fund service provider, as applicable, could not continue to operate. 
The loss of such principal personnel could adversely affect the performance of the Fund(s) which, in 
turn, could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on your Certificates. 
Risk assessment: High

--- Page 27 ---
27 
Risk factors related to the Issuer Call Option and Investor Put Option  
The Certificates may be redeemed early on the Issuer's initiative in accordance with the General 
Conditions. Redemption on the Issuer's initiative may cause the Certificates to be redeemed when the 
value of the Certificates is lower than the purchase price of the Certificates.  
Similarly, the investor may individually require early redemption of parts or all Certificates owned by 
the relevant investor, subject to and in accordance with the General Conditions. The value of the 
Certificates will be determined by the Issuer on a later date, subsequent to the receipt of the notice.  
A potential delisting falls under this narrative as well if one or more regulated markets decide that the 
Certificates no longer should be so admitted to trading, regardless of whether this is due to circumstances 
assignable to the Issuer, the Certificates, the relevant Digital Assets, the market maker and / or changed 
rules or any other reason, there is a risk that the Issuer will not succeed in having the Certificates 
admitted to trading on another regulated market, MTF or other marketplace. Such a course of events 
could worsen the liquidity, disposal opportunities and the market value for the Certificates and thus 
create risks of losses for investors. If a delisting would occur the Issuer will exercise its right to redeem 
the Certificates early.  
Such early settlement will occur following a notice period and the determination of the value of the 
Certificates on such later date will expose the investor to the volatility of the Certificates, meaning that 
the value of the Certificates may decrease until the Valuation Day which may cause an investor to lose 
part of or the entire investment. 
Risk assessment: Low

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
3. THE ISSUER 
3.1 Persons responsible for the Base Prospectus 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary resolutions, authorizations and approvals required in connection 
with the Certificates and the performance of its obligations relating thereto.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of 
the knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the 
facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has 
been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third-party information is identified where such 
information used. 
3.2 Management, Board of Directors 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has two directors: Johan Wattenström, Swedish citizen 
and an individual resident in Switzerland and Olivier Roussy Newton, Canadian citizen and an 
individual resident of Switzerland. 
Johan Wattenström 
Johan has 20 years' experience from financial markets. As head of trading for companies like Danske 
Bank, Erik Penser Bank and Nordea Bank he has built proprietary trading businesses. While having 
experience from most asset classes, his primary focus has been on global equity and equity derivative 
markets. In late 2014, he co-founded XBT Provider AB, which issued the world's first SFSA-approved 
financial instruments based on bitcoin on a regulated exchange. In 2017 he co-founded Nortide Capital 
AG, a digital asset investment company. 
Olivier Roussy Newton 
Olivier is a partner at Latent Capital, an investment fund focused on quantum computing, financial 
technology and bioinformatics. He is also the founder of Hive Blockchain, a publicly traded crypto-
mining company where he assisted 200m in institutional capital raises.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
3.3. The Issuer in brief 
The Issuer’s legal name is Valour, Inc. The Issuer was incorporated June 18, 2019 as a company in the 
Cayman Islands. The registration number of the company is 352409 and the company has a registered 
office at PO Box 10008, Willow House, Cricket Square, Grand Cayman, KY1-1001, Cayman Islands. 
The Issuer’s legal entity identifier or ‘LEI’ is 9845001E5QX8B53C0N90. The phone number to the 
Issuer’s principal place of business is +41 41 710 06 41. The Issuer’s website is available at: 
www.valour.com. This website does not form part of this Base Prospectus (other than where information 
has been explicitly incorporated by reference into this Prospectus) and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the SFSA. The Issuer operates under Cayman Islands law.  
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle created to carry out the very limited activities described in this 
Base Prospectus. As such the Issuer has issued a number of exchange traded Certificates and will 
continue to act as an issuer of exchange traded certificates linked to various digital assets and other 
instruments in various emerging, innovative sectors, and the hedging thereof, including but not limited 
to the Certificates. 
The Issuer is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an exempt company in Cayman Islands. A 
company may apply to be registered as exempted if its objects are to be carried out mainly outside the 
Cayman Islands. An exempted company may not trade in the Cayman Islands with any person, firm or 
corporation except in furtherance of the business of the exempted company carried on outside the 
Cayman Islands unless such exempted company holds a license to carry on business in the Cayman 
Islands under any applicable law, nor may an exempted company own land in the Cayman Islands 
without the consent of the Financial Secretary of the Cayman Islands. A limited liability company that 
is not listed on the Cayman Islands Stock Exchange is also prohibited from making any invitation to the 
public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for any of its securities. The requirement to list on the Cayman 
Islands Stock Exchange does not apply in the context of invitations to the public outside the Cayman 
Islands to subscribe for or otherwise acquire securities. 
Pursuant to section 3 of the Memorandum of Association of the Issuer, the objects of the Issuer for 
which the Issuer is established are unrestricted and the Issuer shall have the full power and authority to 
exercise all the functions of a natural person of full capacity. 
Given that the activities of the Issuer are to be carried out mainly outside the Cayman Islands, the Issuer 
has established business locations outside the Cayman Islands. Its principal place of business is located 
in Zug, Switzerland (telephone number: +41 41 710 06 41) where the Issuer undertakes the majority of 
its trading activities regarding digital assets and, consequently, its hedging activities in relation to the 
Certificates.  
The Issuer applies robust internal controls and risk management processes in connection with the 
monitoring of its daily exposures and risk parameters. 
3.4. Major shareholders 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of DeFi Technologies Inc. (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJR) (OTC: 
DEFTF). DeFi Technologies Inc. is a publicly listed Canadian company that carries on business with 
the objective of enhancing shareholder value through building and managing assets in the decentralized 
finance sector. For more information visit https://defi.tech/. This website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the SFSA.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
However, in certain respects, the provisions in the Cayman Islands Limited Liability Companies Act, 
2016 of the Cayman Islands regarding powers and responsibilities of different corporate bodies of the 
Issuer and regarding creditor protection rights limit the influence of shareholders.  
Catenafin AG is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer. Catenafin AG is incorporated in Switzerland 
and serves as the employer for any personnel stationed in Switzerland. The operations of this subsidiary 
are currently in the process of being reduced and may ultimately be closed down. Crypto 21 AB is a 
wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer. Crypto 21 AB is incorporated in Sweden and engages in 
marketing services. 
The Issuer is not dependent on any of the other companies in the group. 
3.5. No credit rating  
The Issuer has not been assigned any credit rating at its request or with the cooperation of the Issuer in 
the rating process. 
3.6. Borrowing and funding structure 
As at 30 June 2021 the Issuer’s share capital was structured as follows: 
Authorised: 
Number of shares 
30 June 2021 
 
Shares with a par value of USD 0.0001 each 
500,000,000 
50,000 
 
Issued: 
 
 
 
Shares with a par value of USD 0.01 each 
100 
- 
 
Shares with a par value of USD 0.0001 each 
51,359,900 
5,136 
 
38,859,900 issued shares with a par value of USD 0.0001 each are unpaid for which USD 3,886 has 
been recorded within other current assets as a receivable in the Issuer’s statements of financial position 
as of 30 June 2021 and 31 October 2020, respectively. 
The Issuer intends to continue its issuance activities on the basis of the funding received to date so far. 
The costs for any hedging activities in relation to any issuance of Certificates will be funded by the 
issuance proceeds from such Certificates, and by funding arrangements from its parent company. If the 
Issuer is successful in issuing Certificates, it will have a source of revenue in the form of the fee earned 
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Certificates. Whether such revenue will be sufficient for the 
Issuer to reach profitability on a sustainable basis is unknown. 
3.7. Conflicts of interest 
Save as set out below, none of the members of the Board of Directors has a private interest or other 
duties resulting from their directorship of other companies, enterprises, undertakings or otherwise, that 
may be in conflict with the interests of the Issuer. 
While the Issuer recognizes the potential conflicts of interests of the mentioned people above, the Issuer 
does not believe that such appointments constitute an actual conflict of interest between their duties to 
the Issuer and their duties to their respective other companies.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
3.8. Information on trends etc. 
Digital assets and the related business models and market participants as well as the regulatory regime(s) 
that apply to the digital assets industry, are subject to continuous and significant evolution. This 
evolution is likely to continue. 
Save as set out above, there has been no material adverse change in the Issuer's prospects since 
31 October 2020, being the date of the latest audited financial report of the Issuer, and no significant 
change in the financial performance of the Issuer since 30 June 2021, being the date of the latest 
published financial report of the Issuer. 
Save as set out above, there are no known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that 
are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the Issuer’s prospects for the current financial year. 
3.9. Significant change of the financial position 
As a very recently formed company without business history, the Issuer is likely to incur costs prior to 
obtaining revenues from its activities relating to issuance of securities.  
There has been no significant change in the Issuer's financial position since 30 June 2021, being the date 
of the latest published financial report of the Issuer. 
3.10. 
Information on material investments 
The Issuer’s group has made investments in Abaxx Technologies Inc., a Canadian development stage 
financial technology business and global commodities exchange, through the purchase of a convertible 
debenture. The Issuer’s group also purchased common shares in DeFi Technologies Inc. Both companies 
common shares trade on the Toronto-based stock exchange NEO. The Issuer’s group also purchased 
common shares in 3iQ Corporation, a bitcoin and digital asset fund manager. 3iQ Corporation is not 
publicly traded and so the fair value as at June 30, 2021 reflects the share value at which the most recent 
sale of common shares was completed.  
Abaxx Technologies Inc. and DeFi Technologies Inc. are categorised as Level 1 within the fair value 
hierarchy. 3iQ Corporation is categorised as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. As at June 30, 2021 
the fair value of investments at fair value through profit and loss are equal to closing share price or most 
recent financing price. As at 31 October 2020 the fair value of investments at fair value through profit 
or loss were equal to their initial cost and therefore measured on this basis. 
The Issuer has not decided on any future material investments as of the day of this Base Prospectus. 
3.11. Information on material events affecting the solvency of the Issuer 
There has been no recent event particular to the Issuer and which are to a material extent relevant to an 
evaluation of the Issuer’s solvency. 
3.12. Business model overview 
The objective of the Issuer is to issue financial instruments and to engage in thereto related operations. 
The Issuer's business aims at enabling an easy and secure way to invest in digital assets. The Issuer aims 
to eliminate the boundaries that previously have prevented investors from actively investing in digital 
assets, which the Issuer believes will transform payments and asset markets in the future.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
Valour’s strategic resources are built around the Issuer's specialized competences. The Issuer’s highly 
educated employees, industry knowledge of digital assets and comprehensive financial experience 
represents the Issuer’s strategic assets. With these strategic assets, the Issuer strives to offer investors 
the most cost effective and service-oriented product. 
 
At the core of the business model of the Issuer lies the investor relationship, which therefore is essential 
for Valour. To keep investors and potential investors informed, the Issuer will continuously update the 
website with information and prices related to issued products.  
 
At present, there are very few identified competitors of the Issuer with regards to the first planned 
instruments.  
 
Furthermore, the issuer believes that the founders and directors of the issuer have unique experiences 
from this field and are in a position to become the most trusted supplier of financial instruments on 
digital assets. The Board of the Issuer remains confident that, currently, there are only a few direct 
competitors to the Issuer’s offering of Certificates, and none of them has plans for the specific 
instruments Valour is planning to offer and have admitted to trading. 
 
The Issuer's policy is always to hedge 100% of the market risk in the underlying asset. Hedging is done 
continuously and in direct correspondence to the issuance of Certificates to investors. The Issuer's 
holdings of the underlying asset will be audited and specified in the annual and interim reports of the 
Issuer. The Issuer has a robust internal process in place to secure duality in risk management to make 
sure the hedging policy is maintained at all times. Maintaining 100% of reserves in the underlying assets 
is a core principle that is designed to secure a low counterparty risk for investors as well as protecting 
the best interest of investors in asset-specific events such as forks. 
 
3.13. Overview of the Issuer’s business activities 
The Issuer's operation consists of issuing financial instruments on global regulated markets and MTFs. 
The Issuer's operations particularly consist of issuing Certificates related to Digital Assets. The Issuer 
believes that blockchain enabled technologies will continue to grow in importance and want to enable 
safe and easy access to exposure to this emerging asset class for global investors. 
 
3.14. Market overview 
Since the Issuer intends to apply for admission to trading initially on a market for structured products in 
Sweden, Germany and/or certain other member states in the EEA, the Issuer competes with other issuers 
of structured products and other financial products in these countries. The market for financial products 
in Sweden, Germany and several other member states in the EEA is characterized by high levels of 
competition and, accordingly, maintaining compliance with the applicable laws and regulations is vital. 
Non-compliance by the Issuer with such applicable laws and regulations may be detrimental to the 
operations of the Issuer and to its market position. 
3.15. Compliance with legislation relating to corporate governance 
The Issuer aims to act at all times in accordance with current laws and regulations, including in respect 
of corporate governance matters. 
3.16. Audit and auditors 
The Issuer’s auditor is RSM Cayman Ltd with its address at Zephyr House, Mary Street, George Town, 
Cayman Islands and postal address at PO Bo 10311, Grand Cayman KY1-1003, Cayman Islands.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
RSM Cayman Ltd. is a full member of the Cayman Islands Institute of Professional Accountants 
(“CIIPA”), the Insurance Managers Association of Cayman, and the Cayman Islands Chamber of 
Commerce. RSM is regulated by CIIPA and the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority and is also 
approved to provide audit services in the BVI and certain other Caribbean jurisdictions.  
Lead audit partner is Alex Bodden, Managing Partner at RSM Cayman Ltd. Alex Bodden is a member 
of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales (ICAEW) and the Cayman Islands 
Society of Professional Accountants (CISPA) of which he is a Licensed Practitioner, and holds an 
Honours degree in Accounting & Finance from the University of London in England. 
The Issuer’s financial statements for the periods ended 31 October 2020 and 2019, respectively, have 
been audited by the auditor. Financial information in this Base Prospectus extracted from said report 
has been reviewed by the Issuer's auditor as part of their audit of the financial statements. Otherwise, 
the information in this Base Prospectus has not been audited or reviewed by the auditor. 
3.17. Legal and arbitration proceedings 
The Issuer is not a party to, and has, at the date of this Base Prospectus, never been a party to any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during the previous 12 months which may have, or have had 
in the recent past significant effects on the Issuer’s financial position or profitability. 
3.18. Interest of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer 
Valour is the Issuer of the Certificates offered under the Program. The Issuer will also act as Calculation 
Agent and will therefore calculate the amounts to be paid to investors in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions. As Calculation Agent, the Issuer may need to determine whether certain events have taken 
place or if certain adjustments shall be made in case of, for instance, market disruptions. As a 
consequence, situations may arise where conflict of interests may occur between the interests of Valour 
as the Issuer and the interests of the investors. 
Save for as stated in the preceding paragraph, there are no material interests, including conflicts of 
interests, of natural or legal persons involved in the issue and/or of the Certificates. 
3.19. Material contracts 
There are no material contracts outside the ordinary course of business of the Issuer which may result 
the Issuer incurring rights or obligations which materially would affect the Issuer's ability to perform its 
obligations in relation to the investors. 
3.20. Use of proceeds 
The reason for any offer being made under the Base Prospectus is to generate general corporate income 
for the Issuer. The Issuer intends to use the net proceeds from each issue of Certificates for hedging 
purposes and for general corporate purposes.  
3.21. Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any of the Certificates.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
4. INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE AND DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY 
4.1. Information incorporated by reference 
The following information is incorporated in the Base Prospectus by reference and shall be read as an 
integrated part of this Base Prospectus: 
No. 
Document 
Incorporated section 
Page 
1 
Unaudited financial report for the 
financial period ended 30 June 2021 
- 
Consolidated statement of financial 
position 
- 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 
and other comprehensive income 
- 
Consolidated statement of changes in 
equity 
- 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
- 
Notes to the consolidated financial 
statements 
3-4 
 
5-6 
 
7 
 
8-9 
10-25 
 
 
2 
Audited financial report for the financial 
year ended 31 October 2020, including 
the independent auditor’s report, dated 
24 February 2021 
- 
Independent auditor’s report 
- 
Consolidated statement of financial 
position 
- 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 
and other comprehensive income 
- 
Consolidated statement of changes in 
equity 
- 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
- 
Notes to the consolidated financial 
statements 
3-5 
6-7 
 
8-9 
 
10 
 
11-12 
13-28 
 
 
3 
Audited financial report for the period 
from the incorporation of the Issuer (18 
June 2019) to and as of 31 October 2019, 
including the independent auditor’s report 
dated 12 December 2019 
- 
Independent auditor’s report 
- 
Statement of financial position 
- 
Statement of profit or loss and other 
comprehensive income 
- 
Statement of changes in equity 
- 
Statement of cash flows 
- 
Notes to the consolidated financial 
statements 
1-2 
3 
 
4 
5 
6 
7-15 
 
 
4 
The Issuer’s base prospectus, dated 
16 March 2021 (SFSA reg. no. 21-4587) 
The section under the heading “The General 
Conditions Governing the Certificates” 
31-41 
 
 
5 
The Issuer’s base prospectus, dated 
23 March 2020 (SFSA reg. no. 20-1437) 
The section under the heading “The General 
Conditions Governing the Certificates” 
26-35 
 
The parts of the documents nos. 4 and 5 above that have not been incorporated by reference, are either 
not relevant for the investor or are covered by other parts of this Base Prospectus. 
The documents listed above are available in electronic format on the Issuer’s website 
https://valour.com/about-valour).

--- Page 35 ---
35 
4.2. Documents on display 
Copies of the following documents are electronically available on the Issuer’s website 
http://www.valour.com/. This website does not form part of this Base Prospectus (other than where 
information has been explicitly incorporated by reference into this Prospectus) and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the SFSA. Paper copies of the documents are also available at the Issuer’s 
office at Valour Structured Products Inc, PO Box 10008, Willow House, Cricket Square, Grand Cayman 
KY1-1001, Cayman Islands, during the period of validity of this Base Prospectus: 
a) Up to date memorandum and articles of association of the Issuer;  
b) Unaudited financial report for the financial period ended 30 June 2021; 
c) Audited financial report for the financial year ended 31 October 2020, including the 
independent auditor’s report, dated 24 February 2020; and  
d) Audited financial report for the period from the incorporation of the Issuer (18 June 2019) to 
and as of 31 October 2019, including the independent auditor’s report dated 31 October 2019.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
5. TAXATION 
Every investor must be aware that investing in Certificates with digital assets as underlying may have 
tax implications, such as income tax, capital gains tax or other taxes. Every investor must investigate 
individually whether or not tax consequences may occur in their respective country.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
6. THE GENERAL CONDITIONS GOVERNING THE CERTIFICATES 
These terms and conditions (“General Conditions”) shall apply to any and all certificates linked, 
directly or indirectly, to one or more Digital Assets (collectively for each Series, the “Certificates”) 
issued under this Program by Valour, Inc. (the “Issuer”), a company incorporated under the laws of the 
Cayman Islands (registered number 352409) and having its registered office at P.O. Box 10008, Willow 
House, Cricket Square, Grand Cayman KY1-1001, Cayman Islands. The Certificates will be issued in 
series (each a “Series”) in the form of transferable securities. One or more Series of Certificates may be 
issued in Swedish kronor (“SEK”), in Euro (“Euro”) or such other Settlement Currency specified in the 
Final Terms. Each Series will be allocated an individual series number (“Series Number”) in the 
relevant Final Terms (as defined below). The Series Number for each Series will follow different 
numbering sequel depending on the relevant Settlement Currency (it is expected that Series Numbers 
for Certificates denominated in SEK, will start at 100 and, for Certificates denominated in EUR, at 110). 
For each series of Certificates, Final Terms (“Final Terms”) will be prepared which will contain 
additional terms and conditions relating to the relevant Series of Certificates. The terms and conditions 
set forth in the Final Terms will adjust, supplement and complete these General Conditions. The 
applicable Final Terms are, in the case of Materialized Certificates, attached to the Global Certificate 
and complete these General Conditions. The General Conditions as so adjusted, supplemented and 
completed for a specific Series are referred to as the “Conditions”. 
1. 
Definitions 
1.1. 
In addition to the defined terms set forth in the above sections of these General Conditions, the 
following terms and expressions shall have the meaning stipulated below: 
"Account Operator" means bank or other institute authorized to act as an account operator 
(Sw. kontoförande institut) in accordance with the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and 
Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och 
kontoföring av finansiella instrument) through which the relevant Holder has opened a 
Euroclear Sweden Account for the Certificates;  
"Asset Disruption Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: if (A) 
one or more Primary Eligible Market Places and/or the FX Source do not publish market 
quotations as of the Valuation Time due to (i) the introduction of limited trading hours, (ii) 
closure for public holidays, (iii) irregular trading activities, (iv) technical breakdown in the 
systems or means of communication used by such Primary Market Place or FX Source or (v) 
due to any other reason not attributable to the Issuer and (B), in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, this would have a material impact on the Calculation Agent's ability to 
accurately and in a timely manner determine the level of the constituents for the calculation of 
the Settlement Amount in accordance with the provisions in Condition 5 (Settlement Amount 
etc.);  
"Asset-Level" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 (Settlement Amount etc.);  
"Basket of Digital Assets" means the basket of Digital Assets specified as such in the Final 
Terms applicable to the relevant Series of Certificates; 
"Benchmark Administrator" means, in relation to an Index, the Benchmark Administrator 
specified as such in the Final Terms applicable to the relevant Series of Certificates; 
"Business Day" means (i) in relation to payments in a Settlement Currency, any day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general

--- Page 38 ---
38 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the financial 
centre of the Settlement Currency which, in the case of a payment in EUR, is a TARGET 
Settlement Day and (ii) otherwise. the days when the relevant Eligible Market Place is open 
for business. 
"Calculation Agent" means (i) Valour, Inc; (ii) such other party specified in the Final Terms 
applicable to the relevant Series of Certificates; or (iii), following the Issuer’s dispatch of a 
notice in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), such other party which the Issuer has 
appointed as Calculation Agent for one or more Series of Certificates;  
"Certificate" means a transferable security in the form of non-principal protected certificates 
issued in dematerialized form by the Issuer pursuant to these Terms and Conditions;  
"Clearstream" means Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 
Luxembourg;  
"Common Depositary" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 2.1;  
"CSD" means: (i) in relation to any Swedish Certificates, the Swedish CSD; (ii) in relation to 
any Swiss Certificates, the Swiss CSD; or (iii) in relation to any Materialized Certificates, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable for the relevant Series of Certificates;  
"CSD Rules" means the legislation, regulations, rules and operating procedures applicable, 
from time to time, to and/or issued by (i), in the case of Swedish Certificates, the Swedish CSD, 
from time to time, including but not limited to, the Swedish Central Securities Depository and 
Financial Instruments Accounts Act (in Swedish: lag (1998:1479)) om centrala 
värdepappersförvarare och kontoföring av finansiella instrument); (ii) in the case of Swiss 
Certificates, the Swiss CSD, from time to time, including but not limited to, the FISA; or (iii), 
in the case of Materialized Certificates, Euroclear and/or Clearstream;  
"Days" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 (Settlement Amount etc.);  
“Digital Asset” means (i) in the case of a Series of Certificates providing exposure to a single 
Digital Asset, the single digital asset specified in the Final Terms applicable to the relevant 
Series of Certificates, (ii) in the case of a Series of Certificates providing exposure to a Basket 
of Digital Assets, specified in the Final Terms applicable to the relevant Series of Certificates 
and/or (iii) potentially, in case of a Transformation Event, the successor(s) thereof; 
"Eligible Market Places" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 (Settlement 
Amount etc.);  
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II B-1210 Brussels, 
Belgium; 
"Euroclear Sweden Account" means an account with the Swedish CSD in which a Holder's 
Swedish Certificates are registered;  
"Extraordinary Event" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5.13; 
"Extraordinary Fund Event" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5.13; 
"Extraordinary Dividend" means an amount per relevant Fund Interest unit or other amount 
of Fund Interest specified or otherwise determined as provided in the relevant Final Terms. If 
no Extraordinary Dividend is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the characterization of a

--- Page 39 ---
39 
dividend or portion thereof as an Extraordinary Dividend shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and commercially reasonable; 
"Fee" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 (Settlement Amount etc.);  
"Final Fixing Date" means earlier of (i) the Issuer Call Fixing Date and (ii) the Holder Put 
Fixing Date, each as applicable to the relevant Series of Certificates, (iii) or in each case, if 
such date is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day;  
"FISA" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 2.12; 
"Fund" means the fund specified as such in the Final Terms applicable to the relevant Series 
of Certificates; 
"Fund Administrator" means, in respect of a Fund, any person specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified, the fund administrator, manager, trustee or similar 
person with the primary administrative responsibilities to such Fund according to the Fund 
Documents. 
"Fund Adviser" means, if any, the person or each of the persons specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Fund Documents" means, with respect to any Fund Interest, the constitutive and governing 
documents, subscription agreements and other agreements of the relevant Fund specifying the 
terms and conditions relating to such Fund Interest, as amended from time to time. 
"Fund Insolvency Event" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5.13; 
"Fund Interest" means an interest issued to or held by an investor in a fund, pooled investment 
vehicle or any other interest identified as the Fund in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fund NAV" means the official closing price or net asset value (NAV) or other liquidation 
value for the shares or units in the relevant Fund as published by the relevant fund manager, 
calculation or publication agent or administrator in respect of such Fund as per the relevant 
date; 
"FX Source" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 (Settlement Amount etc.);  
"Global Certificate" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 2.1; 
"Holder" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 2.2 as regards Materialized 
Certificates; in Condition 2.8 as regards Swedish Certificates; and in Condition 2.13 as regards 
Swiss Certificates;  
"Common Depositary" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 2.1; 
"Holder Put Fee" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 8 (Holder Put Option);  
"Holder Put Fixing Date" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 8 (Holder Put 
Option) below;  
"Holder Put Option" means the optional right for the Issuer to redeem one or more Series of 
Certificates pursuant to Condition 8 (Holder Put Option) below;

--- Page 40 ---
40 
"Holder Put Request Date" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 8 (Holder Put 
Option) below;  
"Holder Put Settlement Date" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 8 (Holder 
Put Option) below; 
"Index" means the index specified as such in the Final Terms applicable to the relevant Series 
of Certificates; 
"Index Adjustment Event" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5.9; 
"Index Cancellation" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5.9; 
"Index Disruption" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5.9; 
“Index Level” means the closing level of the Index as calculated and published by the relevant 
Benchmark Administrator as of the Valuation Time; 
"Index Modification" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 (Settlement 
Amount for the Certificates etc.); 
"Initial Fixing Date" means (i) the date specified as such in the Final Terms applicable to the 
relevant Series of Certificates or, if no such date is specified in such Final Terms, (ii) the Issue 
Date or, (iii) in each case, if such date is not a Business Day, the immediately following 
Business Day;  
"Insolvency" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5.13; 
"Issuing Agent" means the party specified as such in the Final Terms applicable to the relevant 
Series of Certificates; 
"Issue Date" the date of issue for the relevant Series of Certificates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
"Issuer Call Fixing Date" has, where applicable, the meaning attributed to the term in 
Condition 7 (Issuer Call Option) below;  
"Issuer Call Option" means the optional right for the Issuer to redeem one or more Series of 
Certificates pursuant to Condition 7 (Issuer Call Option) below;  
"Issuer Call Request Date" has, where applicable, the meaning attributed to the term in 
Condition 7 (Issuer Call Option) below;  
"Issuer Call Settlement Date" has, where applicable, the meaning attributed to the term in 
Condition 7 (Issuer Call Option) below;  
"Materialized Certificates" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 2.1; 
"Multiplier" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 (Settlement Amount etc.); 
"Nationalization" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5.13; 
"NAV Trigger Event" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5.13;

--- Page 41 ---
41 
"NAV Trigger Percentage(s)" means, if applicable, the percentage(s) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"NAV Trigger Period" means, if applicable, the period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Potential Adjustment Event" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5.11; 
"Pt0" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 (Settlement Amount etc.);  
"Pt1" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 (Settlement Amount etc.);  
"P(avg)" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 5 (Settlement Amount etc.);  
"Primary Eligible Market Place" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 
(Settlement Amount etc.);  
"Record Date" means the record date designated by the CSD Rules for Certificates 
denominated in the relevant Settlement Currency; 
"Reference Currency" means USD or, where applicable, the relevant USD stablecoin in which 
the price of the relevant Digital Asset, is expressed, such as USD Tether (USDT) or, in the case 
of any Series linked to an Index, the currency in which the Index Level is expressed; or, in the 
case of any Series linked to a Fund, the currency in which the Fund NAV is expressed, 
"Reference Price" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 (Settlement Amount 
etc.); 
"Relevant Digital Asset Price" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 
(Settlement Amount etc.);  
"Reported Fund Interest Value" means, if applicable, the value specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Settlement Amount" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 (Settlement 
Amount etc.);  
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms applicable to 
the relevant Series of Certificates;  
"Settlement Date" means the earlier of (i) the Issuer Call Settlement Date and (ii) the Holder 
Put Settlement Date, each as applicable to the relevant Series of Certificates pursuant to the 
Final Terms applicable to such Series of Certificates, (iv) or in each case, if such date is not a 
Business Day, the immediately following Business Day;  
"Single Digital Asset" means the digital asset specified as such in the Final Terms applicable 
to the relevant Series of Certificates; 
"Successor Index" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5.8; 
"Swedish Certificates" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 2.4;  
"Swiss Certificates" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 2.12; 
"Swedish CSD" means Euroclear Sweden AB, Klarabergsviadukten 63, S-111 64 Stockholm;

--- Page 42 ---
42 
"Swedish CSD Rules" means the CSD Rules of the Swedish CSD; 
"Swiss CSD" means SIX SIS AG, Baslerstrasse 100, CH-4601 Olten; 
"Transformation Event" means any form of event which affects the Digital Asset by splitting 
a Digital Asset into two or more digital assets, adding a new digital asset, including but not 
limited to so-called ‘forks’, and / or other similar events transforming the nature of the original 
Digital Asset; and 
"Valuation Time" has the meaning attributed to the term in Condition 5 (Settlement Amount 
etc.). 
1.2. 
Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in the Conditions to:  
(a) Any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as 
supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time 
(b) A provision of law, regulation, rule or operating procedure is a reference to that such as 
amended or re-enacted, and 
(c) A time of day is a reference to Stockholm time, equal to Central European Time, CET, 
unless otherwise stated. 
2. 
Form, holders and transferability of Certificates 
Certificates in materialized form 
2.1. 
In the case of materialized Certificates represented by a global Certificate in registered form 
(the “Global Certificate”) and held with Clearstream and/or Euroclear (such Certificates, 
“Materialized Certificates”), no Certificates in definitive form will be issued.  The Global 
Certificate has been deposited with a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) 
common to Clearstream and Euroclear and registered in the name of the Common Depositary, 
or a nominee on its behalf. 
2.2. 
In the case of Materialized Certificates, each person who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Clearstream or of Euroclear as the holder of a particular amount of Certificates (in 
which regard any certificate or other document issued by Clearstream or Euroclear as to the 
amount of Certificates standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding 
for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, (where 
applicable) and each agent as the holder of such amount of Certificates for all purposes except 
as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law (and the expressions 
“Holder”, "Certificate holder" and "holder(s) of Certificate" and related expressions shall 
be construed accordingly); 
2.3. 
In the case of Materialized Certificates, all transactions (including transfers of Certificates) in 
the open market or otherwise must be effected through an account at Clearstream or Euroclear 
subject to and in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Clearstream or 
of Euroclear, as the case may be.  Transfers of Certificates may only be effected if they are in 
respect of a number of Certificates equal to the minimum trading number or an integral multiple 
thereof.  Transfers of Certificates may not be effected after the exercise of a Holder’s Put 
Option in respect of such Certificates pursuant to Condition 8 (Holder’s Put Option). 
Provisions regarding Swedish Certificates 
2.4. 
Swedish certificates will be issued in issued in registered, dematerialized and uncertificated 
book-entry form in accordance with the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial

--- Page 43 ---
43 
Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om centrala värdepappersförvarare och 
kontoföring av finansiella instrument) (“Swedish Certificates”).  
2.5. 
No physical document of title will be issued in respect of Swedish Certificates and the 
provisions in the Conditions relating to presentation, surrender, replacement or similar 
expressions or provisions of and/or relating to Certificates in such form, shall not apply to 
Swedish Certificates. 
2.6. 
Each Certificate will be issued in an uncertificated, dematerialized book-entry registration form 
pursuant to the Swedish CSD Rules. All Swedish Certificates will be registered in Euroclear 
Sweden Accounts on behalf of the respective Holders.  
2.7. 
The Settlement Currency for any Series of Swedish Certificates may only be a denomination 
in SEK or Euro or any other currency permissible under the Swedish CSD Rules. 
2.8. 
In the case of Swedish Certificates, "Holder" means each holder of such Certificates registered 
as such on any relevant date in respect of a Certificate in the records of Swedish CSD, including 
also (i) any nominee authorized as such by the Swedish CSD registered as the nominee holder 
in respect of any such Certificate and (ii) any such other person who is registered with in the 
records of the Swedish CSD on the relevant date as being entitled to receive the relevant 
payment (and the expressions "Certificate holder" and "holder(s) of Certificate" and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
2.9. 
A request for book-entry registration measures concerning any Swedish Certificate shall be 
made to the relevant Account Operator.  
2.10. 
Those who pursuant to assignment, security, the provisions of the Swedish Parental Code (Sw. 
Föräldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a 
right to receive payments in respect of a Swedish Certificate shall register their entitlements to 
receive payment in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules.  
2.11. 
The Issuer and, to the extent permissible under the Swedish CSD Rules, the relevant Issuing 
Agent, shall be entitled to obtain information from the records of the Swedish CSD in 
accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules.  
Provisions regarding Swiss Certificates 
2.12. 
Swiss certificates will be issued in dematerialised form as uncertificated securities in 
accordance with art. 973c of the Swiss Code of Obligations (“CO”) (“Uncertificated 
Securities” (Wertrechte)) and are transformed into intermediated securities (“Intermediated 
Securities” (Bucheffekten)) in accordance with art. 6 of the Swiss Federal Act on Intermediate 
Securities (“FISA”) (the “Swiss Certificates”). Uncertificated Securities will be created by the 
Issuer by means of a registration in its register of Uncertificated Securities (Wertrechtebuch). 
The Issuer will maintain the register of Uncertificated Securities. Intermediated Securities will 
be created in accordance with art. 6 (2) FISA (i) by entering such Uncertificated Securities in 
the main register of Uncertificated Securities (Hauptregister) maintained by SIX SIS AG or 
any other eligible entity, acting as custodian as defined in art. 4 FISA (the “Custodian” 
(Verwahrungsstelle)) which is available to the public, and (ii) SIX SIS AG or any other eligible 
entity, acting as Custodian, crediting the respective rights to securities accounts of one or more 
of its account holders in accordance with art. 4 and 6 FISA. 
2.13. 
In the case of Swiss Certificates, “Holder” or “Certificate holder” means a person holding 
the Swiss Certificates in a securities account in its own name and for its own account. The 
Holder’s entitlement to Intermediated Securities is based on its relevant securities account. A 
Holder may at any time require its custodian to draw up a statement of the Intermediated 
Securities credited to its securities account in accordance with art. 16 FISA. The Holders shall 
at no time have the right to effect or demand (i) the retransformation of the Intermediated 
Securities into, and the delivery of, Uncertificated Securities in the case of Uncertificated 
Securities being the basis for the creation of Intermediated Securities, or (ii) the conversion of

--- Page 44 ---
44 
the Uncertificated Securities into Materialized Certificates. No physical delivery of the Swiss 
Certificates shall be made under any circumstances.  
2.14. 
As long as the Swiss Certificates constitute Intermediated Securities, the Swiss Certificates 
may only be transferred or otherwise disposed of in accordance with the provisions of the FISA.  
3. 
Status and restrictions on transferability of Certificates 
3.1. 
The Certificates constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves.  
3.2. 
The Certificates are freely transferable, but Holders may be subject to purchase or transfer 
restrictions with regard to the Certificates, as applicable, under local laws to which a Holder 
may be subject. Each Holder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and 
expense.  
3.3. 
No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit an offering to 
the public or admission to trading of any Certificate or the possession, circulation or distribution 
of any document or other material relating to the Issuer and/or the Certificates where any action 
for such purpose is required. Each Holder must inform itself about, and comply with, any such 
applicable restrictions.  
4. 
Open-ended Certificates 
Each Series of Certificates will be issued as open-ended Certificate without a specified 
scheduled maturity date at issuance.  
5. 
Settlement Amount for Certificates etc. 
General 
5.1. 
Unless the Certificates have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer 
shall redeem the relevant Certificates on the relevant Settlement Date. The Issuer shall redeem 
the relevant Certificates at the relevant Settlement Amount. The settlement amount (the 
"Settlement Amount") shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the reference 
price (the “Reference Price”) as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
applicable formula stated below in this Condition 5 (subject to a minimum of zero (0) and 
rounded down to the nearest transferable unit of the Settlement Currency). 
5.2. 
The Certificates are not principal-protected and do not bear any interest.  
Certificates linked to a single Digital Asset 
5.3. 
In the case of any Series of Certificates linked to a Single Digital Asset pursuant to the 
applicable Final Terms, the Settlement Amount shall be determined in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Reference Price = ((Pt0)+(Pt1-Pt0)-P(avg)*(Fee/365)*Days)*Multiplier 
Where: 
"Days" means the actual number of calendar days from (and including) the Initial Fixing Date 
up to (and including) the Final Fixing Date;  
"Fee" means the fee level specified in the Final Terms applicable to the relevant series of 
Certificates (or such lower fee which the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may apply, 
from time to time, with respect to all Certificates of such Series of Certificates);

--- Page 45 ---
45 
"Multiplier" will have the meaning attributed to the term in the Final Terms applicable to the 
relevant Series of Certificates. The Multiplier will be set by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of reflecting an initial notional investment of one hundred per cent (100%) of the 
relevant invested amount per Certificate at the relevant Asset-Level;  
"Pt0" means the Asset-Level as of the Valuation Time on the Initial Fixing Date;  
"Pt1" means the Asset-Level as of the Valuation Time on the Final Fixing Date;  
"P(avg)" means the arithmetic mean of the Asset-Level observed on each calendar day from 
(and including) the Initial Fixing Date up to (and including) the relevant Final Fixing Date;  
and where:  
"Asset-Level" means the level determined by the Calculation Agent as the arithmetic mean of 
the Relevant Digital Asset Prices quoted on the Primary Eligible Market Places expressed in 
the relevant Settlement Currency. The Relevant Digital Asset Prices used are (a), where 
applicable, first re-calculated from the Reference Currency to the Settlement Currency using 
mid-price of the exchange rate between the Reference Currency and the relevant Settlement 
Currency as of the Valuation Time, as determined by the Calculation Agent using the FX 
Source, and (b) the sum of the four Relevant Digital Asset Prices (as expressed in the Settlement 
Currency) is divided by four (or, if the number of Relevant Digital Asset Prices is lower than 
four, such lower number) and the resultant figure equals the Asset Level; 
"Eligible Market Places" means the marketplaces stipulated in the Final Terms applicable to 
the relevant Series of Final Terms and, following a determination by the Issuer, acting in its 
own and absolute discretion, any successor, new, replacing or other additional marketplace for 
the Digital Asset, which meet the following criteria:  
1. 
The marketplace must, on a continuous basis or a regular scheduled basis, publish (i) a 
bid-offer spread for an immediate sale (offer) and an immediate purchase (bid) and (ii) 
last paid prices; 
2. 
The marketplace must pass a due diligence test and management must be willing to 
work together with the Issuer; 
3. 
The operations of the marketplace relating to the trades in and/or publication of the 
Digital Asset prices must not have been declared unlawful by any governmental 
authority or agency with jurisdiction over the relevant marketplace;  
4. 
The marketplace must represent a significant part of the total 30-day cumulative volume 
for all of the exchanges included in the Asset-Level; and  
5. 
Fiat currency and Digital Asset transfers (whether deposits or withdrawals) must be 
settled by the marketplace within seven business days.  
Following a determination by the Issuer to change the composition of the Eligible Market 
Places, the new composition shall take effect on the third Business Day following the Issuer's 
dispatch of a notice to the Holders regarding the change of Eligible Market Places in accordance 
with the provisions in Condition 13 (Notices).  
"FX Source" means, in respect of the Settlement Currency, the FX rate fixing published by 
Interactive Brokers for the Settlement Currency against the Reference Currency as of 4:00 pm 
(London time) or such other FX rate as may be designated by the Issuer in the future;  
"Primary Eligible Market Places" means the four (4) chosen Eligible Market Places which, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, both have the largest trading volume in the 
relevant Digital Asset during the period of 30 trading days preceding the relevant Initial Fixing 
Date and meet all the conditions set out in the above section “Eligible Market Places” or, as the

--- Page 46 ---
46 
case may be, the relevant Final Fixing Date, except for in circumstances where the Calculation 
Agent determines that the number of Eligible Market Places is lower than four, in the which 
case the number of Primary Eligible Market Places shall correspond to such lower number of 
Eligible Market Places. P(avg) will be based on data from these Primary Eligible Market 
Places; 
“Reference Currency” means the currency of denomination (typically USD) or the relevant 
stable coin in which the price of the relevant Digital Asset is expressed; 
"Relevant Digital Asset Prices" means, in respect of a Digital Asset and a Primary Eligible 
Market Place, the value calculated as the weighted average price for one unit of the relevant 
Digital Asset in the Reference Currency quoted on the relevant Primary Eligible Market Places 
as published by the relevant Primary Eligible Market Place during the Valuation Time on the 
relevant Initial Fixing Date or, as the case may be, the relevant Final Fixing Date; and  
"Valuation Time" means, unless defined otherwise in the Final Terms applicable to the 
relevant Series of the Certificates, on each relevant date (i), for the purpose of determining the 
Asset-Level, the period 12:00-16:00 CET, where the value is calculated as the unweighted 
average price between the eligible exchanges of the weighted average price for the period of 
each underlying exchange separately, and (ii), for purpose of determining the exchange rate 
between the Reference Currency and the relevant Settlement Currency (if applicable), 16:00 
CET. 
Certificates linked to a Basket of Digital Assets 
5.4. 
In the case of any Series of Certificates linked to a Basket of Digital Assets pursuant to the 
applicable Final Terms, the Settlement Amount shall be determined in accordance with the 
formula and the provisions stipulated in Condition 5.3 above, but with the following 
modification: 
"Asset-Level" shall mean the level determined by the Calculation Agent by determining the 
price of each component in the relevant Basket of Digital Assets calculated as the “Asset-
Level” for a Single Digital Asset above and by applying the relative weight of each component 
of the relevant Basket of Digital Assets as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Certificates linked to an Index 
5.5. 
In the case of any Series of Certificates linked to an Index pursuant to the applicable Final 
Terms, the Settlement Amount shall be determined in accordance with the formula and the 
provisions stipulated in Condition 5.3 above, but with the following modifications: 
"Asset-Level" shall mean the level determined by the Calculation Agent as the Index Level 
and, where applicable, converted from the Reference Currency to the Settlement Currency 
using mid-price of the exchange rate between the Reference Currency and the relevant 
Settlement Currency as of the Valuation Time, as determined by the Calculation Agent using 
the FX Source; and 
"Valuation Time" means, unless defined otherwise in the Final Terms applicable to the 
relevant Series of the Certificates, on each relevant date (i), for the purpose of determining the 
Asset-Level, the time with reference to which the relevant Benchmark Administrator calculates 
and publishes the Index Level and (ii), for purpose of determining the exchange rate between 
the Reference Currency and the relevant Settlement Currency (if applicable), 16:00 CET.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
For the avoidance of doubt, the definitions of ‘Eligible Market Places’, ‘Primary Eligible 
Market Places’, ‘Relevant Digital Asset Prices’ are not applicable when determining the 
Settlement Amount for any Series of Certificates linked to an Index.  
Certificates linked to a Fund 
5.6. 
In the case of any Series of Certificates linked to a Fund pursuant to the applicable Final Terms, 
the Settlement Amount shall be determined in accordance with the formula and the provisions 
stipulated in Condition 5.3 above, but with the following modifications: 
"Asset-Level" shall mean the level determined by the Calculation Agent as the Fund NAV and, 
where applicable, converted from the Reference Currency to the Settlement Currency using 
mid-price of the exchange rate between the Reference Currency and the relevant Settlement 
Currency as of the Valuation Time, as determined by the Calculation Agent using the FX 
Source; and 
"Valuation Time" means, unless defined otherwise in the Final Terms applicable to the 
relevant Series of the Certificates, on each relevant date (i), for the purpose of determining the 
Asset-Level, the time with reference to which the relevant fund manager, calculation or 
publication agent or administrator publishes the Fund NAV and (ii), for purpose of determining 
the exchange rate between the Reference Currency and the relevant Settlement Currency (if 
applicable), 16:00 CET. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the definitions of ‘Eligible Market Places’, ‘Primary Eligible 
Market Places’, ‘Relevant Digital Asset Prices’ are not applicable when determining the 
Settlement Amount for any Series of Certificates linked to a Fund.  
Asset Disruption Event and/or Transformation Event 
5.7. 
If the Calculation Agent or, where the Calculation Agent is another party than the Issuer, the 
Issuer, determines that, in respect of a Single Digital Asset or Basket of Digital Assets, an Asset 
Disruption Event has occurred or in the immediate future will occur, subject to a 
Transformation Event such as a “soft fork” or a “hard fork”, at the Valuation Time on the Initial 
Fixing Date, the Final Fixing Date or on any other relevant date, the Calculation Agent shall 
postpone the calculation of the Settlement Amount and/or the determination and calculations 
of the constituents in the formula in Condition 5 above, to the most reasonably practical 
Business Day following the occurrence of such relevant Transformation Event.  
The Calculation Agent or, where the Calculation Agent is another party than the Issuer, the 
Issuer, will in its sole and absolute discretion determine, as required due to the nature of the 
Transformation Event:  
(a) which Digital Asset currency or currencies shall continue to be or be the successor of the 
originally or previously used Digital Asset currency; 
(b) whether or not such Transformation Event shall result in any modification of the 
Conditions of the relevant Series of Certificates in order to take into consideration such 
Transformation Event and/or 
(c) whether or not any consideration, in cash or in form of new Certificates will be due to 
Holders or the relevant Series of Certificates affected by the Transformation Event. 
The Calculation Agent or, where the Calculation Agent is another party than the Issuer, the 
Issuer, will take into account all relevant factors, including but not limited to, the ability to 
afford equal treatment to all Holders of the relevant Series Certificates and any other applicable 
legal and regulatory requirements, the feasibility from an operational, technical, resource and 
practical perspective of any potential corrective or compensatory actions, any and all internal

--- Page 48 ---
48 
costs and expenses and the potential net resulting benefits for individual holders. Consequently, 
there can neither be an assurance that the Holders of the relevant Series of Certificates will 
either benefit from any actual or perceived value creation resulting from (or in connection with) 
a Transformation Event nor that they will be able to avoid losses related with such a 
Transformation Event. 
If such calculations and determinations have been postponed for more than eight Business Days 
or, if earlier, up to the Business Day prior to the last date on which instructions regarding the 
Settlement Amount must be given to the CSD pursuant to the CSD Rules, the Calculation Agent 
shall be entitled to calculate the Settlement Amount using its determinations and calculations 
of the constituents on the basis of such publicly available market data it in its sole and absolute 
discretion deems relevant and appropriate. 
Successor Index and/or Index Adjustment Events  
5.8. 
If, in relation to any Series of Certificates linked to an Index, the relevant Index (i) is not 
calculated and announced by the relevant Benchmark Administrator but is calculated and 
announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by a 
successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially 
similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation or that Index, then in 
each case that index (the “Successor Index”) will be deemed to be the Index. 
5.9. 
If, on or prior to the Initial Fixing Date or the Final Fixing Date in respect of any Series of 
Certificates linked to an Index, (i) a relevant Benchmark Administrator announces that it will 
make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating that Index, or in any 
other way materially modifies that Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula 
or method to maintain that Index in the event of changes in the constituent(s) and capitalization 
and other routine events) (an “Index Modification”) or permanently cancels the Index and no 
Successor Index exists (an “Index Cancellation”) or (ii) the relevant Benchmark 
Administrator fails to calculate and announce a relevant Index (an “Index Disruption” and 
together with an Index Modification and an Index Cancellation, each an “Index Adjustment 
Event”), then: 
(a) the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a material effect 
on the relevant Series and, if so, shall calculate the relevant Settlement Amount, Index 
Level, as the case may be, using, in lieu of a published level for that Index, the level for 
that Index as at the Initial Fixing Date or Final Fixing Date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Index last in effect 
prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but using only those constituents that comprised 
that Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event; or 
(b) if the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines that it is, becomes or most likely will become unable to make the determinations 
as required pursuant to Condition 5.9(a) above for an undetermined period of time, the 
Issuer shall exercise its right to redeem the Certificates of the relevant Series pursuant to 
the provisions in Condition 7 (Issuer Call Option). Any Series cancelled as a result of an 
Index Adjustment Event will be valued using the formula or method to calculate the Index 
in effect immediately prior to such Index Adjustment Event, combined with any such 
modifications in the calculation of the relevant Settlement Amount and its components as 
the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, deems necessary 
to calculate the relevant Settlement Amount.  
Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events  
5.10. 
If, on or prior to the Initial Fixing Date or the Final Fixing Date in respect of any Series of 
Certificates linked to a Fund, an official declaration is made in respect of the relevant Fund of 
the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will determine whether

--- Page 49 ---
49 
such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value 
of the relevant Fund Interests and, if so, will (i) make the corresponding adjustment(s), if any, 
to any one or more of Fund NAV, Asset-Level, Reference Price or Settlement Amount or other 
terms as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or 
concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes 
in volatility, expected dividends or liquidity relative to the relevant Fund Interest) and (ii) 
determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s).  
5.11. 
For the purposes of Condition 5.10 above, "Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the 
following: (1) a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant amount of Fund 
Interest, or a free distribution or dividend of any such Fund Interest to existing holders by way 
of bonus, capitalization or similar issue; (2) a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders 
of the relevant Fund Interest of (A) an additional amount of such Fund Interest, or (B) other 
share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of 
liquidation of the Fund equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Fund 
Interest, or (C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the Fund as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (D) any other 
type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other 
consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(3) an Extraordinary Dividend; (4) a repurchase by the Fund of relevant Fund Interests whether 
the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise, other than in respect of a 
redemption of Fund Interests initiated by an investor in such Fund Interests; or (5) any other 
event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant 
Fund Interests. 
5.12. 
If, on or prior to the Initial Fixing Date or the Final Fixing Date in respect of any Series of 
Certificates linked to a Fund, an Extraordinary Event occurs, then: 
(a) the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Extraordinary Event has a material effect on 
the relevant Series and, if so, will instead determine its good faith estimate of the Fund 
NAV, Asset-Level, Reference Price or Settlement Amount as the case may be, to the extent 
necessary to preserve as nearly as practicable the economic terms of the relevant Series of 
Certificates; or 
(b) if the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines that it is, becomes or most likely will become unable to make the determinations 
as required pursuant to Condition 5.12(a) above for an undetermined period of time, the 
Issuer shall exercise its right to redeem the Certificates of the relevant Series pursuant to 
the provisions in Condition 7 (Issuer Call Option) and, if so, will instead determine its good 
faith estimate of the Fund NAV, Asset-Level, Reference Price or Settlement Amount as 
the case may be, to the extent necessary to preserve as nearly as practicable the economic 
terms of the relevant Series of Certificates;. Any Series cancelled as a result of an 
Extraordinary Event will be valued using the formula or method to calculate the Fund 
NAV, Asset-Level, Reference Price and/or Settlement Amount, combined with any such 
modifications in the calculation of the relevant Settlement Amount and its components as 
the Issuer, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, deems necessary 
to calculate the relevant Settlement Amount.  
5.13. 
For the purposes of Condition 5.12 above, the following terms shall have the meaning 
attributed to them below:  
 
"Extraordinary Event" means, a Nationalization, Insolvency or any applicable 
Extraordinary Fund Event, as the case may be. 
 
"Nationalization" means that all the Fund Interests or all or substantially all the assets of the 
Fund are nationalized, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any 
governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting the Fund, (A) 
all the Fund Interests of the Fund are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other 
similar official or (B) holders of the Fund Interests of the Fund become legally prohibited 
from transferring them. 
 
"Extraordinary Fund Event" means each of the following events, provided such event has 
been specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
 
(a) "Fund Insolvency Event" means that, the related Fund or any other entity specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as a “Fund Insolvency Entity” (A) is dissolved or has a resolution 
passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (B) makes a general assignment or arrangement 
with or for the benefit of its creditors; (C)(1) institutes or has instituted against it, by a 
regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or 
regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization or the 
jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation 
by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (2) has instituted against it a 
proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition 
is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted 
or presented by a person or entity not described in clause (1) above and either (x) results 
in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making 
of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained in each case within 15 days of the institution or presentation thereof; (D) seeks 
or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets; (E) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially 
all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process 
levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured 
party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained, in each case within 15 days thereafter; or (F) causes or is subject to any event 
with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous 
effect to any of the events specified in clauses (A) through (E) above; 
 
(b) "NAV Trigger Event" means, in respect of any Fund Interest, that (A) the Reported Fund 
Interest Value has decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than, the NAV Trigger 
Percentage(s) during the related NAV Trigger Period, each as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or (B) the Fund has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, or 
affecting, such Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any order or judgment of any 
court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the Fund 
Documents or any contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Fund or any of its 
assets; 
 
(c) "Adviser Resignation Event" means that, in respect of the Fund, (A) the resignation, 
termination, or replacement of its Fund Adviser or (B) the resignation, termination, death 
or replacement of any key person specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
(d) "Fund Modification" means any change or modification of the related Fund Documents 
that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such Fund Interest or the rights 
or remedies of any holders thereof (in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
from those prevailing on the Initial Fixing Date;

--- Page 51 ---
51 
(e) "Strategy Breach" means any breach or violation of any strategy or investment 
guidelines stated in the related Fund Documents that is reasonably likely to affect the 
value of such Fund Interest or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof (in each case, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
 
(f) "Regulatory Action" means, with respect to any Fund Interest, (A) cancellation, 
suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of such Fund Interest or the Fund 
by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over such Fund Interest or 
Fund, (B) any change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the relevant 
Fund or its Fund Adviser that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value 
of such Fund Interest or on any investor therein (as determined by the Calculation Agent), 
or (C) the relevant Fund or any of its Fund Administrator or Fund Adviser becoming 
subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal 
or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law for any activities 
relating to or resulting from the operation of such Fund; 
 
(g) "Reporting Disruption" means, in respect of such Fund Interest, (A) occurrence of any 
event affecting such Fund Interest that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
would make it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the 
value of such Fund Interest for the foreseeable future; (B) any failure of the Fund to 
deliver, or cause to be delivered, (1) information that such Fund has agreed to deliver, or 
cause to be delivered to the Calculation Agent, as applicable, or (2) information that has 
been previously delivered to the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in accordance with 
such Fund's, or its authorized representative's, normal practice and that the Calculation 
Agent deems necessary for it, acting in good faith and commercially reasonable, to 
monitor such Fund's compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation 
methodologies or any other similar policies relating to such Fund Interests; and 
 
(h) "Change in Law" means that, on or after the relevant Initial Fixing Date (A) due to the 
adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction 
of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (X) it has become illegal to hold, acquire 
or dispose of Fund Interests relating to the relevant Series of Certificates or (Y) it will 
incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the relevant Series 
of Certificates (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease 
in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
6. 
Payments in respect of the Certificates 
6.1. 
The Certificates are cash settled and there will be no physical delivery of any kind. 
6.2. 
Each Certificate will be redeemed on the relevant Settlement Date for each Series of 
Certificates, or, as the case may be, where any Holder's Put Option has been exercised, the 
relevant Settlement Date for the relevant Certificates of such exercising Holder.  
6.3. 
A payment of any amount due under any Certificate shall be made to the relevant Holder 
pursuant to and in accordance with the relevant CSD Rules. Any payment in respect of Swiss 
Certificates shall be made by the Issuer or Paying Agent, as the case may be, subject to 
applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, to the clearing system, i.e. SIX SIS AG, or the 
relevant intermediary, as the case may be, or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant 
account holders of SIS SIX AG or the relevant intermediary in accordance with all rules and 
regulations applicable to SIX SIS AG.   
6.4. 
If the relevant Settlement Date is not a Business Day, then payments shall be executed as 
aforesaid on the first immediately following Business Day. No default interest or other 
compensation shall accrue provided payments are so effected.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
7. 
Issuer Call Option  
7.1. 
The Issuer may, at its own discretion, exercise the Issuer's right to redeem all, but not only 
some, Certificates of each relevant Series (the "Issuer Call Option") early.  
7.2. 
The Issuer may at any time exercise the Issuer Call Option by giving the Holders of the relevant 
Series of Certificates not less than 10 Business Days and not more than 20 Business Days prior 
notice before the Settlement Date set for the redemption (the "Issuer Call Settlement Date"). 
Such notice shall be validly given by the Issuer when dispatched in accordance with the 
provisions in Condition 13 (Notices) (the "Issuer Call Request Date"). The notice shall 
contain information regarding the (i) the Series of Certificates in respect of which the Issuer's 
Call Option is exercised; (ii) the date as of which the Asset-Level will be determined for the 
purposes of calculating the Settlement Amount in respect of the Issuer Call Settlement Date 
(the "Issuer Call Fixing Date"); and (iii) the relevant Issuer Call Settlement Date.  
8. 
Holder Put Option  
8.1. 
Each Holder may, individually and at its own discretion, exercise its right to have all or only 
some of such Holder's Certificates of the relevant Series of Certificates, redeemed early by the 
Issuer (the "Holder Put Option").  
8.2. 
Each Holder may exercise the Holder Put Option by giving the Issuer written notice no more 
than sixty (60) days prior nor later than ten (10) Business Days before the last Business Day in 
the month of March or, as the case may be, September each year (each a "Holder Put Request 
Date") as long as the relevant Certificates are outstanding. In order for such notice to become 
effective the written notice must (i) be given by the relevant Holder to the Issuer in accordance 
with the provisions in Condition 13 (Notices); (ii) state the relevant Series of Certificates and 
the number of Certificates in respect of which the Holder Put Option is exercised; and (iii) 
accompanied within no more than sixty (60) and no less than ten (10) Business Day from the 
relevant Holder Put Request Date, by (x), in the case of Swedish Certificates, the requesting 
Holder's transfer of all of the relevant Certificates to the Euroclear Sweden Account designated 
for such purpose by the Issuing Agent and blocked for further transfer and registrations; (y), in 
the case of Swiss Certificates, completion by the relevant Holder of any and all actions required 
pursuant to the relevant CSD Rules or, in the case of any Materialized Certificates, completion 
by the relevant Holder of any and all actions required pursuant to the relevant CSD Rules. 
Should such transfer not occur within such period, the relevant notice shall automatically be 
deemed null and void. If a notice has been duly given and the transfer has been so completed, 
the holder put final fixing date shall be the last Business Day in the month of April or, as the 
case may be, October (the "Holder Put Final Fixing Date") and the relevant Certificates shall 
be redeemed by the Issuer on the tenth Business Day following the Holder Put Final Fixing 
Date (the "Holder Put Settlement Date").  
8.3. 
Upon a Holder's exercise of the Holder Put Option the Settlement Amount shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions in Condition 5 (Settlement Amount) 
but such Settlement Amount shall also be reduced with an early exit fee of 3 per cent (the 
"Holder Put Fee"). Thus, that early exit fee is calculated by multiplying the Settlement Amount 
with a factor of 0.03, corresponding to a 3% one-off fee.  
9. 
Further issuance, purchase and cancellation or sale 
9.1. 
The Issuer may at any time and in its discretion, issue more Certificates that are fully fungible 
with any existing Series of Securities.  
9.2. 
The Issuer and any affiliated entities of the Issuer may at any time purchase Certificates over a 
regulated market or through a private transaction. Any Certificates purchased may be sold over 
a regulated market or through a private transaction or cancelled and de-registered in accordance 
with the relevant CSD Rules.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
10. 
Limitation of liability 
10.1. 
The Issuer shall not be liable to compensate Holders for any potential losses that the Holders 
have incurred, when the Issuer has acted with care. The Issuer will not be liable to compensate 
any indirect losses incurred by Holders unless the Issuer has been grossly negligent.  
10.2. 
The Issuer shall not be liable to compensate Holders for any losses incurred by force majeure 
such as strikes, blockades, acts of war, lockout or other similar circumstances. In case the Issuer 
is prevented from taking measures under these Terms and Conditions due to occurrences of 
events that qualifies as force majeure, such measures may be postponed until such event has 
ceased.  
11. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of any Materialized Certificate shall be 
prescribed and become void unless presented for payment within ten years from the relevant 
Settlement Date. Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of any Swiss Certificate will 
be prescribed ten years after the relevant Settlement Date. Claims against the Issuer for payment 
in respect of any Swedish Certificate will be prescribed ten years after the relevant Settlement 
Date. If the prescription period becomes disrupted in respect of any Swedish Certificates a new 
prescription period will run in accordance with the Swedish Act (1981:130) on Prescription 
(Sw. Preskriptionslag).  
12. 
Application for admission to trading 
Where admission to trading is applicable pursuant to the Final Terms applicable to the relevant 
Series, the Issuer will apply for such Certificates to be admitted to trading on the regulated or 
other market specified in the Final Terms applicable to the relevant Series of Certificates. The 
Issuer will also take all reasonable steps to ensure that the admission to trading of such Series 
is maintained until the last possible trading date prior to the relevant Settlement Date.  
13. 
Notices 
13.1. 
Any notice or other communication to be made:  
(a) if to the Issuer, shall be given in writing using the form(s) provided on the Issuer’s website 
(www.valourglobal.com), from time to time, with a copy to the Issuing Agent at the address 
then registered with Swedish Companies Registration Office; and  
(b) if to a Holder, shall be given in writing at their addresses as registered with the CSD, on 
the relevant date pursuant to the CSD Rules, and by either courier delivery or letter.  
13.2. 
Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection with 
the Base Prospectus, the Terms and Conditions or the Final Terms shall be sent by way of 
courier, personal delivery or letter and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal 
delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 13.1 or, in case of letter, three 
(3) Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the 
relevant address stipulated in Clause 13.1. Failure to send a notice or other communication to 
any Holder(s) or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holder(s).  
14. 
Governing law & Jurisdiction 
14.1. 
The Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Swedish law. Title to 
Certificates, their constitution and transfer and the effects of registration with a CSD will be 
governed by the laws applicable to the relevant CSD.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
14.2. 
Any dispute arising from the Certificates, the Conditions and/or the Base Prospectus shall 
exclusively be settled by Swedish courts, with the District Court of Stockholm as the court of 
first instance. 
______________________________________ 
 
The Issuer hereby confirms that the Conditions are binding upon it. 
 
Zug, Switzerland, 10 December 2021 
Valour, Inc.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
7. FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Certificate is set out below: 
Final Terms dated [●] 
under the issuance program for  
Digital Asset Certificates 
of 
Valour, Inc. 
LEI: 9845001E5QX8B53C0N90 
 
Open ended [insert name of Certificates] 
  
(the "Certificates") 
These Final Terms have been prepared under the Issuer’s base prospectus, dated 10 December 2021, [as 
supplemented by the prospectus supplement[s], dated [●],] (the “Base Prospectus”). Terms used herein 
shall have the same meaning as in the General Conditions set forth in [the Base Prospectus / the Issuer’s 
base prospectus, dated [16 March 2021]/[23 March 2020]] and any supplements thereto. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Certificates described herein have been prepared for the purpose of 
Article 8 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. 
An Issue-Specific Summary of the Certificates is annexed to these Final Terms. Full information on the 
Issuer and the Certificates is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the 
Base Prospectus (as supplemented). The Base Prospectus and any supplements to the Base Prospectus 
are available in electronic form on the Issuer's website (http://www.valour.com/). This website does not 
form part of the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the SFSA 
 
General terms applicable to the Certificates 
1 
Series No.: 
[●]. 
2 
Tranche No.: 
 [●]. / This Tranche is fungible with all other Tranches of this 
Series / Not applicable.] 
3 
ISIN code: 
[●]. 
4 
Settlement 
Currency: 
[Swedish Kronor (“SEK”) / Euro (“EUR”) / United States 
dollars (“USD”) / Swiss franc / [●]] (the “Settlement 
Currency”).

--- Page 56 ---
56 
5 
Number of 
Certificates: 
[●]. 
6 
7 
Issue Price: 
Issue Date: 
[●]. 
[●]. 
Payout terms applicable to the Certificates 
8 
Type of 
exposure: 
[Single Digital Asset] / [Basket of Digital Assets] / [Index] / 
[Fund]. 
9 
Single Digital 
Asset: 
[Not applicable] / [Insert Name of relevant Digital Asset from the 
list of eligible Digital Assets in the Base Prospectus] (the “Digital 
Asset”). 
Initially Eligible Market Places: 
[Bitfinex], [Bitstamp], [Coinbase], [Kraken] / [●] /Not 
Applicable]. 
Information regarding past performance and volatility of the 
Digital Asset is available, free of charge, at  
[[www.coinmarketcap.com]; 
[(www.bitfinex.com)]; 
[(www.bitstamp.com)]; 
[www.coinbase.com]: [and] 
[www.kraken.com][. / [and]] 
[●].] 
10 
Basket of 
Digital Assets: 
[Not applicable] / [A basket consisting of the following Digital 
Assets (each a “Digital Asset” and collectively, the “Basket of 
Digital Assets”) with the following weights at the time of 
issuance: 
Digital Asset 
Weight 
[Insert Name of relevant 
Digital Asset from the list of 
eligible Digital Assets in the 
Base Prospectus] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]

--- Page 57 ---
57 
[●] 
[●] 
(Repeat as required) 
(Repeat as required) 
 
Initially Eligible Market Places: 
[Bitfinex], [Bitstamp], [Coinbase], [Kraken] / [●] /Not 
Applicable]. 
Information regarding past performance and volatility of the 
Digital Asset is available, free of charge, at  
[[www.coinmarketcap.com]; 
[(www.bitfinex.com)]; 
[(www.bitstamp.com)]; 
[www.coinbase.com]: [and] 
[www.kraken.com][. / [and]] 
[●].] 
11 
Index: 
[Not applicable] / [The Index: [●] 
Benchmark Administrator: [●] 
Index administrator: [The Benchmark Administrator]/[[●], which 
is included in the register of administrators pursuant to Article 36 
of the Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011.] 
Information in respect of the Index is available, free of charge, 
at [https://vinter.co/valour]/[website(s) where the identified 
Benchmark Administrator post the Index Methodology and 
performance metrics are made available].] 
12 
Fund: 
[Not applicable] / [●][, share class [●]], (the “Fund”)] The Fund 
is denominated in [●] and the ISIN Code is [●]. [The Fund 
Administrator is [Arcane Assets Fund Limited]/[●].] 
Information in respect of the Fund is available, free of charge, at 
[website(s) performance metrics are made available].] 
Extraordinary Dividend: [Not applicable]/[Applicable, where 
“Extraordinary Dividend” shall [mean [●]/[have the meaning as 
defined in the Conditions]. 
Fund Insolvency Event: [Not applicable]/[Applicable, where the 
Fund Insolvency Entit[y][ies] consist[s] of ●]

--- Page 58 ---
58 
NAV Trigger Event: [Not applicable]/Applicable, where the 
Reported Fund Interest Value is [●], the NAV Trigger Percentage 
is [●] and the NAV Trigger Period is [●]]. 
Adviser Resignation Event: [Not applicable]/Applicable, where 
the Fund Adviser consist of [[each of] ●]]. 
Fund Modification: [Not applicable]/[Applicable]. 
Strategy Breach: [Not applicable]/[Applicable]. 
Regulatory Action: [Not applicable]/[Applicable]. 
Reporting Disruption: [Not applicable]/[Applicable]. 
Change in Law: [Not applicable]/[Applicable]. 
Common provisions 
 
13 
Multiplier: 
[●]. 
14 
Initial Fixing 
Date: 
[[●] / The Issue Date]. 
15 
Fee: 
[Not applicable]/[[0.025]/[●], being the management fee of 
[[0.025]/[●]] per annum, deducted daily, subject to downward 
adjustment as may be the case pursuant to General Condition 5]. 
16 
Valuation 
Time(s): 
[As defined in the General Conditions] / [Valuation Time means 
[●]]. 
Admission to trading 
17 
Regulated or 
other market: 
[[●]. [The Issuer [has applied] / [will apply] for the Series of 
Securities to be admitted for trading on [the Nordic MTF] / [●] of 
[Nordic Growth Market (NGM)] / [●] in Sweden.] [The Issuer 
[has applied] / [will apply] for the Series of Securities to be 
admitted for trading on the [regulated] / [unregulated] market [●] 
of [●] in [Austria] / [Belgium] / [Denmark] / [Finland] / [France] 
/ [Germany] / [Italy] / [Luxembourg] / [the Netherlands] / 
[Norway] / [and/or] / [Spain] [and/or][, subject to completion of 
relevant notification measures, [●]].] There can be no assurance 
given that the application will be accepted or that it will be 
possible to maintain a granted admission to trading to the relevant 
Settlement Date.] / [Not applicable.]]

--- Page 59 ---
59 
18 
Market-maker: 
[Mangold Fondkommission AB / [●]] / [Not applicable]. 
19 
Listing Agent: 
 [●]/ [Not applicable]. 
20 
Spread: 
[[Maximum [4] / [●] % during normal market conditions.]] / [Not 
applicable.] 
21 
Trading lot: 
[[Minimum one (1) Certificate / [●]] / [Not applicable]. 
22 
First day of 
trading: 
[The first day of trading is expected to be [●].] / [Not applicable.] 
Operational information 
23 
Calculation 
Agent: 
[The Issuer] / [●]]. 
24 
Form 
of 
Certificates: 
[Materialized Certificates] / [Swedish Certificates] / [Swiss 
Certificates]. 
25 
Clearing 
System: 
[Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium] [and] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue 
JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg] [(expected at issuance to be 
replicated to Euroclear Sweden AB, Klarabergsviadukten 63, 
Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden)] / [Euroclear Sweden 
AB, Klarabergsviadukten 63, Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, 
Sweden] / [SIX SIS AG, Baslerstrasse 100, CH-4600 Olten, 
Switzerland] / [[●]]. 
26 
Issuing Agent: 
[Mangold Fondkommission AB] / [ISP Group] / [●] / [Not 
applicable]. 
27 
Paying Agent: 
[ISP Group] / [●] / [Not applicable].  
28 
ECB eligibility 
The Certificates are [not] expected to be ECB eligible. 
29 
Estimated total 
expenses of the 
issue/offer and 
the 
estimated 
net amount of 
the proceeds: 
[Not Applicable] / [The total expenses of the [issue]/[offer] is 
estimated to amount to [●]. The estimated net amount of the 
proceeds is estimated to amount to [●].]

--- Page 60 ---
60 
Terms and conditions of an offer to the public 
30 
Offer to the 
public:  
[The Certificates are only offered to the public in [Austria] / 
[Belgium] / [Denmark] / [Finland] / [France] / [Germany] / [Italy] 
/ [Luxembourg] / [the Netherlands] / [Norway] / [Spain] / [and/or] 
/ [Sweden] [and/or][, subject to completion of relevant 
notification measures, [●]]. The terms of the offer to the public 
are described in sections (a) to (l) below.] /  
[Not applicable, the Certificates are not subject to an offer to the 
public in any jurisdiction.] 
(a) 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price]/ [specify] 
(b) 
Conditions 
to 
which the offer 
is subject: 
Offers of the Products are conditional upon their issue and, as 
between the Authorised Offeror(s) and their customers, any 
further conditions as may be agreed between them. 
(c) 
Description of 
the application 
process: 
 [give details] 
(d) 
Description of 
the 
possibility 
to 
reduce 
subscriptions 
and manner for 
refunding 
excess amount 
paid 
by 
applicants: 
 [give details] 
(e) 
Details of the 
minimum 
and/or 
maximum 
amount 
of 
application: 
 [give details] 
(f) 
Details of the 
method 
and 
time limited for 
paying up and 
delivery of the 
Certificates: 
 [give details]

--- Page 61 ---
61 
(g) 
Manner in and 
date on which 
results of the 
offer are made 
available to the 
public: 
 [give details] 
(h) 
Procedure 
for 
exercise of any 
right 
of 
pre-
emption, 
negotiability of 
subscription 
rights 
and 
treatment 
of 
subscription 
rights 
not 
exercised: 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
(i) 
Whether 
tranche(s) have 
been 
reserved 
for 
certain 
countries: 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
(j) 
Process 
for 
notification 
to 
applicants 
of 
the 
amount 
allotted and the 
indication 
whether dealing 
may 
begin 
before 
notification 
is 
made 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
(k) 
Name(s) 
and 
address(es), to 
the 
extent 
known to the 
Issuer, of the 
placers in the 
various 
countries where 
[Not Applicable] / [give details]

--- Page 62 ---
62 
the offer takes 
place: 
(l) 
Name 
and 
address 
of 
financial 
intermediary/ie
s authorised to 
use the Base 
Prospectus, as 
completed 
by 
these 
Final 
Terms (each an 
“Authorised 
Offeror”): 
[Not Applicable] / [[●] [and] [each financial intermediary 
expressly named as an Authorised Offeror on the Issuer’s website 
([insert Issuer’s web address]).] 
Additional conditions for the Authorised Offeror[s] use of the 
Base Prospectus:  
[Not Applicable] / [●]. 
______________________________________ 
 
Signed Zug, Switzerland, [ ● ] 
on behalf of 
Valour, Inc. 
 
________________ 
_______________

--- Page 63 ---
63 
ANNEX – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
[Issue specific summary of the Products as per Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation to be inserted if 
Products are to be publicly offered or admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State of 
the EEA]

--- Page 64 ---
64 
8. OFFERING AND SALE 
General 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits offers that are not made within an 
exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation 
(Non-Exempt Offers) in Sweden and any EEA Member State to which the approval of this Base 
Prospectus is notified by the SFSA in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (each, a Non-Exempt 
Offer Jurisdiction and, together, the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions). Any person making or 
intending to make a Non-Exempt Offer of Certificates on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so 
only with the Issuer’s consent, as described below. 
 
Consent to use this Base Prospectus 
If so specified in the Final Terms in respect of any particular issuance of Certificates, the Issuer consents 
to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer (i) by the financial 
intermediary/ies (each, an "Authorised Offeror"), (ii) during the offer period and (iii) subject to the 
relevant conditions, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus no Authorised Offeror has been designated so by the Issuer. 
The consent shall be valid in relation to Sweden and Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, 
Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, and Spain and/or, subject to completion of 
relevant notification measures, any other Member State within the EEA, provided that it shall be a 
condition of such consent that the Base Prospectus may only be used by the relevant Authorised 
Offeror(s) to make offerings of the relevant Certificates in the jurisdiction(s) in which the Non-exempt 
Offer is to take place, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer may (i) give consent to one or more additional Authorised Offerors after the date of the 
relevant Final Terms, (ii) discontinue or change the offer period, and/or (iii) remove or add conditions 
and, if it does so, such information in relation to the relevant Securities will be published by way of 
notice which will be available on the Issuer’s website (www.valour.com). This website does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus (other than where information has been explicitly incorporated by reference 
into this Prospectus) and has not been scrutinised or approved by the SFSA. The consent relates only to 
offer periods occurring within 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an 
"Investor") purchasing Securities pursuant to a Non-exempt Offer where the offer to the Investor is 
made (i) by an Authorised Offeror (or the Issuer), (ii) in a jurisdiction for which the Issuer has given its 
consent, (iii) during the offer period for which the consent is given and (iv) in compliance with the other 
conditions attached to the giving of the consent, all as set forth in the relevant Final Terms.  
Other than in accordance with the terms set forth in the paragraph above, the Issuer has not authorised 
the making of any Non-exempt Offers of the Certificates or the use of this Base Prospectus by any 
person. No financial intermediary or any other person is permitted to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with any offer of the Certificates in any other circumstances. Any such offers are not made 
on behalf of the Issuer and the Issuer has no responsibility or liability to any Investor purchasing 
Certificates pursuant to such offer or for the actions of any person making such offer. 
If an Investor intends to purchase Certificates from an Authorised Offeror, it will do so, and such 
offer and sale will be made, in accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place 
between such Authorised Offeror and the Investor, including as to price allocations and settlement 
arrangements. The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements and, accordingly, this Base 
Prospectus does not contain such information. The terms and conditions of such offer should be 
provided to the Investor by that Authorised Offeror at the time such offer is made. The Issuer has 
no responsibility or liability for such information.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
Save for the approval of this Base Prospectus by the SFSA, which allows for a public offering of the 
Certificates and/or admission to trading on a regulated market in Sweden, and any notification of the 
approval to other EEA Member States in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation for the purposes of 
making a public offer in such Member States, no action has been or will be taken by the Issuer that 
would permit a public offering of any Certificates or possession or distribution of any offering material 
in relation to any Certificates in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. No offers, 
sales, resales or deliveries of any Certificates or distribution of any offering material relating to any 
Certificates may be made in or from any jurisdiction except in circumstances which will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and which will not impose any obligation on the 
Issuer.  
 
European Economic Area  
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, an offer of Certificates which are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms must not be made to the 
public in that Member State, except that the Certificates may be offered to the public in that Relevant 
Member State:  
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Certificates specifies that an offer of those Certificates may 
be made by the Authorised Offeror(s) other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation in that Member State (a Non-Exempt Offer), following the date of publication of the 
Base Prospectus in relation to such Certificates which has been approved by the competent 
authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and 
notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-Exempt Offer, in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period (if any) beginning and ending on the 
dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in 
writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-Exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Authorised 
Offeror or Authorised Offerors nominated by the issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation; 
provided that no such offer of Certificates referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Authorised Offeror to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a base 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation as soon as possible prior to the respective 
offer. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Certificates to the public” in relation to 
any Certificates in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Certificates to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Certificates and the expression “Prospectus 
Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (and amendments thereto). 
United States of America 
The Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
Each Authorised Offeror represents and agrees that it has not offered or sold and will not offer and sell 
Certificates at any time, directly or indirectly, within the United States or its possessions or for the 
account or benefit of any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) or any person 
that is not a Non-United States person (as defined by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission). Each Authorised Offeror further represents and agrees that it has not offered, sold or 
delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver Certificates except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation 
S, and that none of it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will 
engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to such Certificates, and it and they have complied 
and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. 
 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Certificates within 
the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
 
Offering materials for the offering of the Certificates have not been filed with or approved or 
disapproved by the SEC or any other state or federal regulatory authority, nor has any such regulatory 
authority passed upon or endorsed the merits of this offering or passed upon the accuracy or 
completeness of any offering materials. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
 
Switzerland 
Each Authorised Offeror has acknowledged, represented and agreed that, subject to the applicable 
transitional provisions under the FinSA and the implementing Financial Services Ordinance (the 
"FinSO"): 
 
(a) the Certificates and the Issuer, respectively, do not meet the requirements set forth in art. 70 
FinSA in relation to structured products and, therefore, it has not offered and will not offer, 
directly or indirectly, Certificates in or from Switzerland to private clients. For these purposes, 
a private client means a person who is not one (or more) of the following: (i) a professional 
client as defined in art. 4 (3) FinSA (not having opted-in on the basis of art. 5 (5) FinSA) or 
art. 5 (1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in art. 4 (4) FinSA; or (iii) a private 
client who has entered into a written investment advisory agreement or (discretionary) asset 
management agreement that is concluded for pecuniary interest and is not covering only limited 
transactions. For these purposes "offer" refers to the respective definition in art. 3 (g) FinSA 
and as further detailed in FinSO. 
The Certificates are not intended to be offered or recommended to private clients with a written 
investment advisory agreement without an updated key information document under art. 58 
FinSA (Basisinformationsblatt für Finanzinstrumente) or art. 59 (2) FinSA or, for the duration 
of the applicable transition period, a simplified prospectus pursuant to art. 5  (2) of the Swiss 
Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (the “CISA”), as such article was in effect 
immediately prior to the entry into effect of FinSA. For these purposes "offer" refers to the 
interpretation of such term in art. 58 FinSA. 
(b) it has only made and will only make an offer of Certificates to the public in Switzerland, other 
than pursuant to an exemption under art. 36 (1) FinSA or where such offer does not qualify as 
a public offer in Switzerland, if and as from the date on which this Base Prospectus has been 
filed and deposited with a review body (Prüfstelle) in Switzerland and entered on the list 
according to art. 64 (5) FinSA and provided it is deemed approved according to art. 54 (2) 
FinSA and art. 70 (3) FinSO. Otherwise, it has not offered and will not offer, directly or 
indirectly, Certificates to the public in Switzerland, and have not distributed or caused to be 
distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in Switzerland, this 
Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Certificates, other than pursuant 
to an exemption under art. 36 (1) FinSA or where such offer or distribution does not qualify as 
a public offer in Switzerland. For these purposes "public offer" refers to the respective 
definitions in art. 3 (g) and (h) FinSA and as further detailed in FinSO.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
The Certificates do not qualify as a collective investment scheme (kollektive Kapitalanlage) within 
the meaning of the CISA and are not subject to the authorisation or supervision of the Swiss 
Financial Markets Supervisory Authority FINMA.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
9.  ADDRESSES 
 
 
The Issuer 
 
VALOUR, INC.  
P.O. Box 10008,  
Willow House,  
Cricket Square,  
Grand Cayman KY1-1001, Cayman Islands 
 
Swedish legal advisor 
to the Issuer 
 
AG ADVOKAT KB 
Regeringsgatan 38 
P.O. Box 3124 
SE-103 62 Stockholm 
Sweden