--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                         
 
 
 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
VanEck ETP AG 
(a society limited by shares incorporated in Liechtenstein) 
 
for the issue of notes under the 
 
VANECK EXCHANGE TRADED NOTE PROGRAMME 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
26 September 2024  
This Base Prospectus was approved by the Liechtenstein Financial Markets Authority on 26 September 2024 and is 
valid until 26 September 2025. This Base Prospectus is a succeeding Base Prospectus continuing the offer of ETNs 
made by the Issuer for the first time on the basis of a Base Prospectus approved by the Liechtenstein Financial Markets 
Authority on 28 September 2020 and continued on the basis of a Base Prospectus dated 27. September 2021, 26 
September 2022 and 26 September 2023. This Base Prospectus as well as the preceding Base Prospectuses are 
available for inspection and download at www.vaneck.com. 
 
In case of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies the Issuer is obliged to establish a 
supplement to the Prospectus. The Issuers obligation to supplement a prospectus does not apply when a prospectus 
is no longer valid.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
VANECK EXCHANGE TRADED NOTE PROGRAMME 
Under the VanEck Exchange Traded Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”), 
VanEck ETP AG (the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from 
time to time issue collateralised exchange traded securities (the “Notes”) which seek to provide exposure to digital 
assets on the terms set out herein, as completed by the final terms in respect of the relevant Notes (the “Final 
Terms”).  
The Issuer has already issued the following products, which are continued to be offered on the basis of this 
succeeding Base Prospectus: 
VanEck Ethereum ETN  
 
VETH ISIN  
DE000A3GPSP7 
VanEck Bitcoin ETN 
 
 
VBTC ISIN  
DE000A28M8D0 
VanEck Polkadot ETN  
 
VDOT ISIN 
DE000A3GSUC5 
VanEck Solana ETN 
 
 
VSOL ISIN 
DE000A3GSUD3  
VanEck TRON ETN 
 
 
VTRX ISIN 
DE000A3GSUE1 
VanEck Avalanche ETN  
 
VAVA ISIN 
DE000A3GV1T7 
VanEck Crypto Leaders ETN 
 
VTOP ISIN 
DE000A3GWEU3 
VanEck Polygon ETN 
 
 
VPOL ISIN 
DE000A3GV1U5 
VanEck Algorand ETN  
 
VGND ISIN 
DE000A3GWNE8 
VanEck Chainlink ETN  
 
VLNK ISIN 
DE000A3GXNV0 
VanEck Smart Contract Leaders ETN 
VSMA ISIN 
DE000A3GXNT4 
The VanEck FTX Token ETN (ISIN DE000A3GWNC2) issued by the Issuer on the basis of a preceding Base 
Prospectus are outstanding but are no longer offered / not continued to be offered. The VanEck Terra ETN (ISIN 
DE0003GWND0) issued by the Issuer on the basis of a preceding Base Prospectus have been redeemed in January 
2023. 
 
The Issuer will issue further products on the basis of this Base Prospectus. 
 
The Notes are designed to provide institutionalised professional investment solutions for investors who wish to gain 
exposure to digital assets without having to open their own digital assets accounts or maintain digital asset wallets 
in order to hold the digital assets directly.   
Investors of each Series of the Notes are entitled to receive a defined number of digital assets out of a 
portfolio of assets (the “Series Assets”) which will be selected and managed in order to replicate the composition , 
to the extent practicable the value and yield performance (before fees and expenses) of an index. The relevant 
index for each Series will reference one or more digital assets as specified in the section “Description of the Indices”. 
The return on a Series of Notes will be linked to the daily performance of the Series Assets underlying that Series. 
The aggregate number of Notes issued under the Programme will not at any time exceed 1,000,000,000.- per Series 
of Notes. 
Notes will be issued in Series (as defined in the section entitled “Description of the Programme”) and each Series 
will be secured in favour of the Collateral Agent (as defined herein) for the benefit of the investors (“Noteholders”) 
by security over the Series Assets (as defined herein). Claims against the Issuer by holders of the Notes of a 
particular Series or of any other party to a Series Document in respect of that Series, will be limited to the Series 
Assets applicable to that Series. During the term of the Notes and on enforcement of the security over the Series 
Assets, claims of the Noteholders will be subordinated to the claims of, among others, the Collateral Agent and any 
other claims specified in the relevant Collateral Agent & Pledge Agreement (“CA Pledge Agreement”) or applicable 
law that rank in priority to the Notes.  
The obligations of the Issuer under each Series of Notes are limited to the Series Assets. If, in case of 
enforcement of the security over the Series Assets for a Series of Notes, the assets or proceeds thereof are 
not sufficient to satisfy all claims then due in respect of the Notes of that Series and, if applicable, the 
claims of any other Series Parties (as defined in the Final Terms), no other assets of the Issuer (if any) will 
be available to meet any shortfall. The Issuer will not be obliged to deliver further assets or make any further 
payments in excess of such assets or their net proceeds and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect 
of such shortfall. Therefore, the Noteholders, or any person on their behalf, will not be able to successfully 
take any action against the Issuer (including instituting, or joining with any other person in bringing, 
instituting or joining, insolvency or examinership proceedings (whether court based or otherwise) in 
relation to the Issuer) to recover any such shortfall.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
The Notes will be obligations solely of the Issuer and will not be guaranteed by, or be the responsibility of, any other 
entity. 
Products issued under this Programme do not qualify as units of a collective investment scheme according 
to the relevant provisions of Liechtenstein Law, such as UCITS, AIFMG or IUG. Contrary to investment fund 
products or entities managing and offering investment funds, neither the products issued under this 
Prospectus nor the Issuer are licensed or supervised by the Liechtenstein Financial Markets Authority. The 
rights and legal position of investors acquiring products under this Prospectus are limited recourse claims 
against the Issuer and are not comparable with rights and the legal position an investor has when acquiring 
units in an investment fund. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Liechtenstein Financial Markets Authority, Landstrasse 109, 9490 
Vaduz, Principality of Liechtenstein (the “FMA”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”) on 26 September 2024. The FMA only approves a security prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or a confirmation of the quality of the securities 
offered under this Prospectus. Investors are advised to make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the securities. 
The Issuer has requested the FMA to notify the approval of the Base Prospectus in accordance with Chapter 5 of 
the Prospectus Regulation to the competent Financial Markets Authorities of Austria, Denmark, Finland, France, 
Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden, Portugal and Poland by providing them, 
inter alia, with certificates of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer may request the FMA to provide competent authorities in other EEA Member 
States with such certificates whether for the purposes of making a public offer in such Member States or for 
admission to trading of all or any Series of Notes on a regulated market therein or both. 
The Base Prospectus is further registered for distribution in Switzerland. The Notes issued under the Base 
Prospectus are admitted to trading at one or more of Deutsche Börse Xetra, Euronext Amsterdam, Euronext Paris 
and/or SIX Swiss Exchange. The Issuer may make application to additional stock exchanges and regulated or 
unregulated markets including multilateral trading facilities within the EEA or abroad for certain Series of Notes 
issued on the basis of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading. There can be no assurance that any 
application for listing will be successful or that, if successful, the admission to listing will be maintained for the term 
of the Notes. The Issuer reserves the right not to make applications for certain Series of Notes or to subsequently 
unlist certain Series of Notes.  
The Notes are complex, structured products involving a significant degree of risk. In particular, an investment in 
Notes giving exposure to the Series Assets is only appropriate for investors who understand the risk associated 
with the Series Assets. Prospective purchasers of Notes should obtain their own independent accounting, tax and 
legal advice and should consult their own professional investment advisors in order to determine the merits and 
risks of an investment in the Notes and the suitability to them of an investment in them in the light of their own 
circumstances and financial condition. The Notes involve a high degree of risk and potential investors should be 
prepared to sustain a loss of all or part of their investment. See “Risk Factors” on page 9 and following. 
This Base Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the Notes. This Base Prospectus is not 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation 
by any of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Custodian or any other 
Series Party that any recipient of this Base Prospectus should purchase the Notes.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
 
Arranger 
VanEck (Europe) GmbH 
Custodian 
Bank Frick & Co AG 
Collateral Agent 
VanEck (Europe) GmbH 
Issuing & Paying Agent 
Quirin Privatbank AG 
Calculation Agent 
VanEck (Europe) GmbH 
Authorised Participants 
(as named on the Issuers website)

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
VanEck ETP AG, having its registered office at Landstrasse 40, 9495 Triesen, Liechtenstein (“the Issuer”)  
accepts responsibility for all information contained in this document. To the best of the knowledge of the 
Issuer, who has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this 
document is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under the applicable law. 
The information in the section of this Base Prospectus headed "Description of the Indices" consists only 
of extracts from, or summaries of, publicly available information. Such publicly available information was 
not prepared in connection with the offering of the Notes. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the accurate 
reproduction of such information. As far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by the relevant Index Administrator, no facts have been omitted which would render such 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The information in the section of this Base Prospectus headed “The Arranger and the Calculation Agent” 
consists only of information provided to the Issuer by VanEck (Europe) GmbH, having its registered office 
at Kreuznacher Strasse 30, 60486 Frankfurt am Main, Germany (the “Arranger and Calculation Agent”). The 
Issuer accepts responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such information. As far as the Issuer is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information published by VanEck (Europe) GmbH, no facts have been 
omitted which would render such reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The information in the section of this Base Prospectus headed “The Collateral Agent”consists only of 
information provided to the Issuer by the Collateral Agent VanEck (Europe) GmbH. The Issuer accepts 
responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such information. As far as the Issuer is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information published by the Collateral Agent, if any, no facts have been omitted which 
would render such reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The information in the section of this Base Prospectus headed “The Custodian” consists only of 
information provided to the Issuer by Bank Frick & Co AG, having its registered office at Landstrasse 14, 
9496 Balzers, Liechtenstein. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such 
information. As far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by Bank Frick 
& Co AG, no facts have been omitted which would render such reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that it permits offers that are not made within an 
exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 3.2 of the Prospectus Regulation 
(“Non-exempt Offers”) in Liechtenstein, Austria, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, 
the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden, Poland, Portugal and Switzerland  (the “Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions”). Any person making or intending to make a non-exempt Offer of Notes on the basis of this 
Base Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer's consent as described below. In the context of any Non-
exempt Offer of Notes, the Issuer accepts responsibility in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions, for the 
content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an “Investor”) who purchases any Notes in a 
Non-exempt Offer made by an Authorised Participant (as defined below), where that offer is made during 
the Offer Period (as defined below).  
Except in the circumstances described below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any offer by any 
offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in 
connection with any offer of the Notes in any jurisdiction. Any offer made without the consent of the Issuer 
is unauthorised and neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, the Arranger accepts any 
responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such 
unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an Authorised 
Participant, the Investor is advised to check with such person whether anyone is responsible for this Base 
Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If an Investor is 
in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents, 
the Investor is advised to take legal advice.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
The Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented at the relevant time, if applicable) 
in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of a Series of Notes in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms during the Offer Period by or to each of the following financial 
intermediaries (each, an "Authorised Participant"): 
 (i) 
any person or entity expressly named as an Authorised Participant in the Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
any person or entity expressly named as an Authorised Participant on the Issuer's website: 
www.vaneck.com (in which case, its name and address will be published on the Issuer’s 
website). 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods occurring within 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Arrangements between an Investor and the Authorised Participant who will distribute the Notes 
Neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, the Arranger, the Custodian, the Paying Agents, the 
Collateral Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent have any responsibility for any of 
the actions of any Authorised Participant, including compliance by an Authorised Participant with 
applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law 
requirements in relation to such offer. 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Participant will do so, and 
offers and sales of the Notes to such Investor by an Authorised Participant will be made, in accordance 
with any terms and other arrangements in place between that Authorised Participant and such Investor 
including as to price, allocations and settlement arrangements (the "Terms and Conditions of the Non-
exempt Offer"). The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements with such Investor and, accordingly, 
this Base Prospectus does not contain such information. The Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt 
Offer shall be provided to such Investor by that Authorised Participant at the time the offer is made. None 
of the Issuer or, for the avoidance of doubt, any other Authorised Participants has any responsibility or 
liability for such information. 
The Authorised Participants, the Arranger, the Custodian, the Paying Agents, the Collateral Agent, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent have not separately verified the information contained 
herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Authorised Participant(s), the Arranger, the Custodian, the 
Paying Agents, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the financial information contained herein, or any other financial statements 
or any further information supplied in connection with the Programme or any of the Notes or their 
distribution. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained 
in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements or further information 
supplied pursuant to the terms of the Programme or any of the Notes and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by any of the Issuer, any Authorised 
Participant, the Arranger, the Custodian, the Paying Agents, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing and Paying 
Agent and the Calculation Agent. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any further information supplied pursuant to the terms of the Programme 
or the Notes are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be 
considered as a recommendation or constituting an invitation or offer by or on behalf of any of the Issuer 
or any Authorised Participant, the Arranger, the Custodian, the Paying Agents, the Collateral Agent, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or any other Series Party that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any further information supplied pursuant to the terms of the Programme or any of the Notes 
should subscribe for or purchase any of the Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any of the 
Notes is advised to make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its 
own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer.  
The delivery of the Base Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained herein 
concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other financial 
statements or any further information supplied pursuant to the terms of the Programme or any of the Notes 
is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
Each of the Authorised Participants, the Arranger, the Custodian, the Paying Agents, the Collateral Agent, 
the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent expressly does not undertake to review the 
financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the validity, effectiveness or adequacy of any security provided 
by the Issuer during the term of the Programme. 
Any investment in the Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of the 
deposit protection scheme operated by the banks of Liechtenstein or elsewhere. The Issuer is not and will 
not be regulated by the Liechtenstein FMA as a result of issuing the Notes. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see the section headed “Subscription and Sale”.  
All references in this document to “£”, “pounds”, “Pounds Sterling” and “Sterling” are to the lawful 
currency of the United Kingdom, all references to “$”, “US$”, “USD” and “US dollars” are to the lawful 
currency of the United States of America, references to “CHF” and “Swiss Francs” are references to the 
lawful currency of Switzerland, references to “HK$”, “HKD” and “Hong Kong dollars” are references to the 
lawful currency of the Hong Kong SAR, references to “JPY”, “JP Yen”, “¥”, “JP¥” and “Japanese Yen” are 
references to the lawful currency of Japan and references to “€”, “euro” and “EUR”, are to the currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty 
establishing the European Community as amended by the Treaty on European Union. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the websites referred to in this document and the contents thereof do not form part of this Base 
Prospectus unless explicitly specified. 
Benchmark Administrator  
Under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark Regulation”), benchmark administrators should apply 
for authorisation or registration as an administrator before 1 January 2020. Upon such authorisation or 
registration, the benchmark administrator or the benchmark will appear on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer intends to only use benchmarks with an administrator indicated in 
the ESMA register within the meaning of the Benchmark Regulation for any of the Series of Notes issued 
on the basis of this Base Prospectus.  
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and includes any delegated 
acts (such as Commission Delegated Regulations (EU) 2019/979 and 2019/980) and relevant implementing 
measure in each Relevant Member State.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
Index 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
5 
SUMMARY 
10 
RISK FACTORS 
11 
I.RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
11 
II. RISK RELATING TO THE NOTES 
13 
III. RISK RELATING TO THE UNDERLYING (“DIGITAL ASSETS”) 
14 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
23 
ECONOMIC OVERVIEW OF THE NOTES 
32 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SERIES ASSETS 
37 
DESCRIPTION OF THE INDICES 
38 
DESCRIPTION OF THE DIGITAL ASSETS 
51 
SUPPLEMENTS 
58 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
59 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
60 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
61 
2. 
FORM AND TITLE 
67 
3. 
CONSTITUTION AND STATUS 
67 
4. 
NOTE VALUE 
68 
5. 
SECURITY 
68 
6. 
RESTRICTIONS 
71 
7. 
REDEMPTION 
73 
8. 
DISRUPTION EVENTS, ADJUSTMENTS EVENTS AND POSTPONEMENT 
77 
9. 
PAYMENTS, CALCULATIONS, AGENTS AND RECORDS 
78 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
81 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
81 
12. 
ENFORCEMENT 
82 
13. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER, SUBSTITUTION AND RESTRICTIONS 
82 
14. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES 
85 
15. 
ISSUE OF FURTHER SERIES OF NOTES 
85 
16. 
NOTICES 
86 
17. 
RELEVANT CLEARING SYSTEM 
87 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
87 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
88 
SETTLEMENT AND CLEARING OF NOTES 
94 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
95 
SUMMARY OF THE SERIES DOCUMENTS 
97 
COLLATERAL AGENT & PLEDGE AGREEMENT 
97 
AGENCY AGREEMENT 
97 
CALCULATION AGENCY AGREEMENT 
97 
CUSTODY AGREEMENT 
98 
AUTHORISED PARTICIPANT AGREEMENT 
98 
OPERATING PROCEDURES AGREEMENT 
98

--- Page 9 ---
9 
COST TRANSFER AGREEMENT 
99 
DIGITAL ASSETS CUSTODY 
100 
THE ISSUER 
102 
THE ARRANGER AND CALCULATION AGENT 
106 
THE COLLATERAL AGENT 
107 
THE CUSTODIAN 
108 
AUTHORISED PARTICIPANTS 
109 
TAX WARNING 
110 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
111 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
113 
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS VANECK ETP AG 2022 
    115 
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS VANECK ETP AG 2023 
    158

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
SUMMARY  
For each Series of Notes, a summary specific to the individual issue will be drawn up and filed with the 
Liechtenstein FMA together with the Final Terms. Final Terms and summaries specific to each Series of 
Notes are available, together with this Base Prospectus, for inspection and download at the website of the 
Issuer at www.vaneck.com.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
RISK FACTORS  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme and specific to the Issuer and / or the Notes and which are material for 
an informed investment decision. The inability of the Issuer to satisfy all claims due under the Notes may 
however occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the 
risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Before making an investment decision, prospective purchasers of 
Notes are advised to consider carefully, in the light of their own financial circumstances and investment 
objectives, all the detailed information set out elsewhere in this document and, in particular, the 
considerations set forth below in order to reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
All capitalised terms used in this section “Risk Factors” shall have the meanings given to them in other 
sections of this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise defined in this section “Risk Factors” of this Base 
Prospectus.  
I. 
Risk factors relating to the Issuer  
1. Risk related to the Issuer being a special purpose vehicle (Low risk) 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle with the sole business of issuing Notes. The Issuer has, and will have, 
no assets other than (i) the sums of money raised by issuing shares in relation to its incorporation, (ii) the 
proceeds of the issue of Notes, (iii) such fees (if any) as are payable to it in connection with the issue or 
redemption of any Series of Notes from time to time and (iv) any rights, property, sums or other assets into 
which the proceeds of the issuer of the Series of Notes are invested by the Issuer. Therefore, Investor are 
exposed to the creditworthiness of the Issuer and accordingly the risk that there will not be any additional 
assets besides the assets specified above in (i) to (iv) directly linked to the Notes. 
2. Preferred Creditors and Floating Charges (Low risk) 
If the Issuer becomes subject to an insolvency proceeding and the Issuer has obligations to creditors that are 
treated under applicable law as creditors that are senior relative to the Noteholders, the Noteholders may 
suffer losses as a result of their subordinated status during such insolvency proceedings. In particular, under 
Liechtenstein law, upon an insolvency of a Liechtenstein company, such as the Issuer, when applying the 
proceeds of assets subject to fixed security which may have been realised in the course of a liquidation or 
receivership, the claims of a limited category of preferential creditors may take priority over the claims of 
creditors holding the relevant fixed security such as the Noteholders. These preferred claims include the 
remuneration, costs and expenses properly incurred by any trustee in bankruptcy of the company as well as 
costs and fees of service providers which the trustee in bankruptcy may instruct to continue work during a 
limited period of time. Therefore, Investor are exposed to the risk that there will not be sufficient assets to 
back the Notes. 
3. Risks in case of Lending 
The Issuer may use the Series Assets for lending in order to seed and launch the ETNs. For this purpose the 
Issuer may enter into lending arrangements on the basis of which it lends certain digital assets that are 
components of the Series Assets (Lent Digital Assets) to third parties. In such a case, the third party must 
post collateral in the form of the acquired Notes (Seeding Notes). 
In order to mitigate the Issuer’s and the Investors risk related to a lending arrangement, the Issuer must 
receive eligible collateral (in form of the related Seeding Notes) with a market value at least equivalent to the 
value of the Lent Digital Assets.  
The risks of lending the Lend Digital Assets is a potential failure of such Lent Digital Assets being returned 
when due. A default by the borrower under such lending arrangements combined with a decrease in the value 
of the Seeding Notes provided as collateral may result in a decrease of the Redemption Amount.  
 
4. Risks relating to the Issuer Security 
 
a. 
Enforcement of the Issuer Security (Low risk) 
The Noteholders might in case of a Mandatory Redemption or the Final Redemption receive a Redemption 
Amount which is less than expected. Even though the obligations of the Issuer in respect of a Series of Notes 
are secured by a CA Pledge Agreement in respect of such Series of Notes. Pursuant to such CA Pledge 
Agreement, the Issuer will create security in respect of that Series in favor of the Collateral Agent (for the 
benefit of the Issuer Secured Creditors) over (i) all of the Issuer’s rights, title, interest and benefit present and

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
future in, to and under the Series Documents to the extent that they relate to such Notes; (ii) any sums of 
money or other property received or receivable now or in the future by or on behalf of the Issuer pursuant to 
the Custody Agreement to the extent that they relate to such Notes, (iii) all of the Issuers rights as against 
the Custodian relating to the Notes, (iv) all assets and sums held now or in the future by or on behalf of the 
Issuer (including, without limitation, by the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the Registrar) to meet claims due 
in respect of the obligations and duties of the Issuer under the CA Pledge Agreement and the relevant Notes, 
(v) the Series Assets and any sums of money or other property received or receivable now or in the future by 
or on behalf of the Issuer, and (vi) all of the Issuer’s rights in respect of any sum or property now or in the 
future standing to the credit of the Series Account, in each case, to the extent that they relate to the relevant 
Notes. For the avoidance of doubt and to clarify (v) and (vi) above, the Issuer will only add any Airdropped 
tokens, or any Digital Assets received from converting Airdropped Tokens which are related to the Series 
Assets and Notes at its own discretion as specified in the Section “Airdrop” in the “Description of Digital 
Assets” on page 45 herein.  
If the higher ranking claims of other creditors described above are not sufficiently covered by the created 
security the Redemption Amount could be less than the value of the Notes and Noteholders would lose some 
of their invested money.  
 
b. 
Noteholders have no direct ownership interest (Low risk) 
Investing in the Notes will not make a Noteholder the owner of any of the Series Assets. Redemptions are 
satisfied by an in specie transfer of a certain portion of the Series Assets as defined in the Final Terms for 
each Product and the holders of the Notes will have a claim against the Issuer to receive such assets at any 
time but no direct right with regard to such assets. 
 
c. 
Recharacterisation risk (Medium risk) 
There can be no assurance that the courts or regulatory authorities in any jurisdiction would not recharacterise 
the Notes as units in a collective investment scheme. Any recharacterisation of the Notes as units in a 
collective investment scheme may have adverse consequences (including, without limitation, adverse tax 
consequences) for an investor. 
 
d. 
The value of an investment in the Notes may not perfectly reflect or track the value of the    
          Assets  (Low risk) 
 
At any time, the price at which any Series of Notes may not reflect accurately the changes in the value of the 
underlying Digital Asset. The creation and redemption procedures for any Series of Notes and the role of the 
Authorised Participant(s) as market-makers are intended to minimise this potential difference. However, such 
price at which any Series of Notes trade will be a function of supply and demand amongst investors wishing 
to buy and sell such Series and the bid/offer spread that market-makers are willing to quote for such Series. 
If the Issuer is unable to issue new Notes of a Series for any reason, and there is high market demand for 
Notes of such Series, then such Notes may trade at a significant premium to their Note Value. An investor 
who buys any such Notes in such circumstances may incur a significant loss should either market demand 
fall or should further Notes of such Series be issued. Such significant loss can even occur where the Note 
Value has increased during the period of that investor’s holding of such Notes. 
 
e. 
The returns on the Notes are not a direct investment in the digital assets (Low risk) 
The Index which is referenced by a Series of Notes will reference the relevant underlying digital asset (being 
the Component Digital Assets of such Index). However, prospective investors should be aware that an 
investment in a Series of Notes is not the same as a direct investment in the Component Digital Assets of the 
Index which is referenced by such Series of Notes. As a result, changes in the price of the Component Digital 
Assets will not necessarily result in correlated changes in the level of the Index or to the Note Value, nor will 
the level of the Index or the Note Value necessarily change to the same degree. In addition, the rules for 
calculation of the Index may include deductions for fees, a currency hedging component and/or other factors 
that affect how closely the Index tracks the price of the asset referenced by the Index and may also permit 
the Index Administrator to make certain adjustments to the level of the Index. Any such deductions and 
adjustments may cause the level of the Index to diverge from the price of the Component Digital Assets and 
/ or the Note Price. Investors might lose money by investing into the Note instead of directly investing into the 
underlying digital asset.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
f. 
Currency Risk (Low risk) 
While investing in crypto asset across different currencies can bring benefits due to the change in the 
exchange rates of certain currencies, it can also bring losses to the Investor. One of the primary risks is 
currency exchange fluctuations. The value of the ETN may be denominated in a currency different from 
investor’s local currency. If the exchange rate between the two currencies is unfavorable, it can erode the 
value of the investment when converting back to the Investor’s local currency. Exchange rates are influenced 
by various factors, including economic conditions, geopolitical events, and market sentiment, which can be 
unpredictable and volatile. Investing in an ETN denominated in a different currency may concentrate an 
Investor’s investment exposure in that specific currency. This lack of diversification can increase an Investor’s 
vulnerability to currency-related risks. It's important to assess the potential impact on the Investor’s overall 
investment portfolio and consider diversification strategies to manage currency-specific risks effectively. 
 
5. Risks related to relationships with the Calculation Agent (Low risk) 
 
In its role as Calculation Agent under the Notes, VanEck (Europe) GmbH will, pursuant to the provisions of 
the Calculation Agency Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Operating Procedures Agreement and the 
Conditions, make various non-discretionary calculations, that affect the Notes, including calculating, among 
other things, the Note Value and the Redemption Amount. The value of the Notes could be adversely affected 
by such calculations. In making such calculations the Calculation Agent will depend upon timely and accurate 
provision of information and certain constituent values of the relevant formulae which are provided to the 
Calculation Agent by various parties, including the relevant Index Administrator and the Issuer. Any 
consequent variation in the value of the amounts required to be calculated by the Calculation Agent could 
result in a change to value of the Notes. 
 
II.  
Risk relating to the Notes 
1. 
Duration and potential lack of liquid markets (Medium risk) 
Investors might lose money if they wish to sell the notes at a time when little demand to acquire the notes 
leads to low prices. The Notes may have a long term and the only means through which an investor will be 
able to realise value from a Note prior to its Final Redemption Settlement Date will be to sell it at its then 
market price in a secondary transaction or to redeem it. It is unclear whether there will be a market for 
secondary transactions for the Notes at the time an investor wishes to sell his Notes.  
General movements in local and international markets and factors that affect the investment climate and 
investor sentiment could all affect the level of trading and, therefore, the market price of the Notes. 
 
2. 
Redemption (Low risk) 
Redemption requests may be subject to the Maximum Daily Redemption Limit, being a maximum limit (if 
applicable) on the redemption number of Notes of a Series on any Redemption Pricing Date, as may be 
amended from time to time. 
Prospective investors should be aware that it is possible that the Maximum Daily Redemption Limit could 
cause the Notes to trade at a higher premium or result in a discount to the Note Value.  An investor who buys 
Notes in such circumstances may incur a significant loss should market demand change. Significant loss 
could occur even where the Note has increased in price during the investor’s holding period. The Maximum 
Daily Redemption Limit could also lead to higher trading spreads for the Notes in the secondary market, 
which could increase the execution costs for an investor purchasing the Notes in the secondary market.   
In the event that an investor is not able to immediately redeem their Notes due to a breach of the Maximum 
Daily Redemption Limit, such investor will be subject to market risk (i.e. that the value of the Notes will decline 
prior to redemption and therefore reduce the redemption amount).  As a result, it is possible that the 
Redemption Amount could be reduced due to a decline in the Assets (which would consequently impact the 
value of the Notes). 
In addition, prospective investors should be aware that if trading in the Assets (including the Digital Assets) 
in respect of a Series of Notes is suspended, any Redemption could be delayed. As a result, any redemption 
request relating to the relevant Notes placed on the day upon which a Digital Asset or any other Asset is 
suspended from trading could be delayed and such suspension from trading of the relevant Digital Asset or

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
other Asset could ultimately lead to a Disruption Event Redemption. Investors would therefore be subject to 
market risk (i.e. that the value of the Notes will decline prior to redemption and therefore reduce the 
redemption amount). As a result, it is possible that the redemption amount could be reduced due to a decline 
in the price of the Digital Assets or other Assets (which would consequently impact the value of the Notes). 
3. 
Risks related to in-kind redemptions (Low risk) 
Investors are entitled to receive, in case of Redemption, a specific share in the Series Assets in kind. Investors 
have to follow a redemption and delivery process as further described in this Base Prospectus, specifically, 
they need to file a Redemption Order Form and deliver the Notes to be redeemed to the Issuer. The 
Redemption Pricing Date is therefore variable and depends on (a) when the Investor/s (or their financial 
intermediary crypto custodian etc.) deliver the Redemption Order Form and related ancillary documents to 
the Issuer and (b) when the Notes have been transferred to and received by the Issuer. This process may 
take days or even weeks depending on how fast the aforementioned requirements can be completed. In order 
to avoid this risk, Noteholders may sell their Notes via exchanges instead of demanding an in-kind 
redemption. 
4. 
Risks relating to the Index Performance (Low risk) 
Each Series of Notes will seek to replicate, to the extent practicable the composition of the relevant Index. 
Accordingly, prospective investors should be aware that the Notes may be adversely affected by risks 
applicable to indices generally.  
In particular, the level of an Index can go down as well as up and that the past performance of an Index will 
not be indicative of its future performance. There can be no assurance as to the future performance of any 
Index. The Notes may trade differently from the performance of the Index and changes in the level of the 
Index may not result in a comparable change in the market value of the Notes or in the Note Value.  
Accordingly, before investing in any Notes, prospective investors are advised to carefully consider whether 
an investment which seeks to replicate the composition of the applicable Index is suitable for them and in all 
cases investors are advised to carry out their own detailed review of the applicable Index and the rules relating 
thereto. 
 
III. Risk relating to the Underlying (“Digital Assets”) 
1. 
Market Risk (High risk) 
The Notes and therefore the Investors are exposed to the risk that the value of the Digital Assets decrease. 
The volatility of the price for each individual underlying Digital Asset depends on a huge variety of factors 
including but not limited to technology, governance, acceptance by users, speed, comfort, efficiency,  network 
security, forks and Airdrops, protection against cyber-attacks and hacking attacks. The price of the underlying 
may go materially down up to the total loss of the invested money if one or more of the various risks related 
to these factors materialise. 
2. 
Technology Risk (Medium risk) 
Investors are exposed to the risk of losing their invested money if Digital Assets are stolen or trust in Digital 
Assets decreases because the existence, transfer and ownership of the underlying Digital Assets depend on 
the technology used for each of them. Not all risks relating to the underlying technology for the Digital Assets 
may be known. Digital assets employ a variation of blockchains and connections between blockchains and 
use new and or functionally different blockchains. As digital assets develop and attract interest from the 
development community and investors, they may also become greater targets for exploitation. A hack into 
one digital asset’s network may harm public perception of such asset’s network and other digital assets in 
general, thus negatively impacting the value of an investment in the Notes.  Digital assets, although generally 
open-source, are highly dependent on their developers and there is no guarantee that development will 
continue or that the developers will not abandon the project related to the Digital Asset with little or no notice. 
3. 
Blockchain Risk (Medium risk) 
The Blockchain Risk is a further specification of the aforementioned New Technology Risk. Investors are 
exposed to the Blockchain Risk of losing their invested money if Digital Assets are stolen or trust in Digital

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
Assets decreases if unknown technology risks associated with Blockchain technology realises. Blockchain 
technologies are premised on theoretical conjectures as to the impossibility, in practice, of solving certain 
mathematical problems quickly. Those conjectures remain unproven, however, and mathematical or 
technological advances could conceivably prove them to be incorrect. Blockchain technology companies may 
also be negatively affected by cryptography or other technological advances, such as the development of 
quantum computers with significantly more power than computers presently available, that undermine or 
vitiate the cryptographic consensus mechanism underpinning the relevant Blockchain. If either of these 
events were to happen, markets and crypto assets that rely on blockchain technologies could quickly 
collapse, and an investment in the relevant crypto asset ETN may be adversely affected. 
4. 
Complexity Risk (Low risk) 
The complexity of crypto assets introduces several risks for investors including the Issuer. If this risk is 
realised the Issuer might lose Digital Assets and/or the price and value of the Notes may go down and 
Investors may thus lose money. These risks arise from various factors such as technological intricacies, 
regulatory challenges, market volatility, and security vulnerabilities. Crypto assets operate on complex 
technological foundations, such as blockchain technology and cryptography. Even if the Issuer applies the 
care of a prudent salesman and can be considered an expert who is familiar with these concepts, 
understanding the inner workings of crypto assets can be challenging. Even with detailed technical expert 
knowledge, the complexity of the technology may lead to errors in handling digital wallets, executing 
transactions, or managing private keys, resulting in the loss of funds. Additionally, the rapid evolution of crypto 
assets and the introduction of new technologies and protocols further complicate the landscape, making it 
difficult for investors including the Issuer to stay up to date and make informed decisions. Crypto assets can 
lack transparency in terms of the underlying technology, project governance, and market information. Some 
projects may lack clear documentation or have complex technical whitepapers that make it challenging to 
assess their viability. Additionally, the decentralised nature of crypto assets can result in a lack of reliable 
information sources, making it difficult for investors to conduct thorough due diligence. Without adequate 
transparency, investors may struggle to evaluate the true value and risks associated with a particular crypto 
assets, leading to potential investment mistakes. 
5. 
Staking Risk 
The process of staking the Digital Assets may be described as the commitment of certain amounts of the 
Digital Assets to support the blockchain network for a certain period. The act of staking Digital Assets to earn 
rewards is one of the most popular ways to earn passive income from certain Digital Assets. Among the 
various features of the crypto ecosystem, staking contributes to the network's security, making it work 
smoothly and reliably. The act of staking ensures that the network remains decentralised and resistant to 
attacks. However, there are the following risks for Investors related to staking crypto assets. 
Investors bear the risk of losing income from staking (in the amount of Digital Assets provided to them as a 
percentage of the staked Digital Assets)  and the unpredictability of staking rewards for the following reasons. 
Staking and unstaking of Digital Assets may be subject to delayed and/or delayed delivery of the Digital 
Assets. Furthermore, staking rewards, payouts and re-investments can be delayed for various reasons. For 
example, there may be peak traffic on a blockchain network that results in delays, congestion of transactions 
and higher transaction fees (gas fees), because demand exceeds supply and validators have partial 
discretion in which staking transactions to process. For individuals relying on crypto asset rewards as a 
source of income or passive earnings, delays can create financial uncertainty. If rewards are delayed for an 
extended period, it can disrupt cash flow and affect individuals' financial planning. This is particularly relevant 
for users who depend on regular rewards for living expenses or other financial obligations. The 
unpredictability of reward delays can make it challenging for individuals to effectively manage their finances. 
First of all, it is common for users to "vest" or lock up their coins for a specified amount of time under staking 
terms, meaning they can't withdraw or transfer their assets during this timeframe, even if they need access 
right away. As a result, investors cannot take advantage of price gains if there are positive moves in prices 
during the vesting period. Additionally, in a short period crypto assets experience severe market volatility, 
which may affect the rewards from staking. Therefore, a decline in the price of a coin that you are staking can 
have a drastic effect on the rewards that you receive from staking, and profits obtained through staking may 
be countered if the value of the coin drops drastically. Crypto assets bear markets can be considered 
disadvantageous because they are sustained for such a long period. Slashing risk in proof-of-stake (PoS) 
blockchains involves penalties imposed on validators for malicious or faulty behaviour. Validators stake crypto 
assets to participate in consensus. If they breach network rules intentionally or unintentionally, they can lose 
some staked assets. Scenarios triggering slashing include double signing conflicting blocks, prolonged

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
downtime, Byzantine actions, collusion, and validating invalid data. Penalties vary based on protocols and 
might include seizing part of the staked funds or temporary suspension. Slashing deters dishonesty and 
ensures network security by aligning validators' incentives with the blockchain's integrity. Slashing may in 
some cases result in a total loss of staked funds, rewards or a combination thereof. Lastly, staking may result 
in total loss of funds due to smart contract risk, exploits or bugs in the protocol, or hard forks. Self-custody of 
staked crypto assets does not circumvent these risks. 
6. 
Proof-of-Stake related Risk (Medium risk) 
A badly built PoS system might massively benefit those who already possess significant shares in the relevant 
Digital Assets, resulting in wealth growth being disproportionately credited to them. A basic example is leader-
based consensus protocols, in which a subcommittee or a selected leader collects all rewards during the 
protocol's operation, and where the likelihood of being chosen to collect rewards is proportional to the stake, 
resulting in powerful reward compounding effects. Furthermore, in PoS systems, there is a phenomenon in 
which larger validators benefit from fewer rejected mining transactions and less lost effort. Large holders may 
have a non-proportional influence on the underlying asset's price. “Validators” are independent market 
participants who monitor and confirm the correctness of staking activities. 
7. 
Risks relating to Digital Asset Exchanges (Low risk) 
Investors are exposed to the risk of losing their invested money as the Issuer might use Digital Asset 
Exchanges to trade the Digital Assets and Digital Assets Exchanges might be subject to cyber-attacks or 
other incidents which could cause the loss or partial loss of Digital Assets.  
Digital asset exchanges operate websites on which users can trade digital assets for U.S. dollars and other 
fiat currencies. Trades on digital asset exchanges are unrelated to transfers of digital assets between users 
via the digital asset’s respective blockchain. Digital asset trades on exchanges are recorded on the 
exchange’s internal ledger only, and each internal ledger entry for a trade will correspond to an entry for an 
offsetting trade in U.S. dollars or other fiat currency. To sell digital assets on a digital asset exchange, a user 
will transfer digital assets (using the digital asset’s respective blockchain) from him or herself to the digital 
asset exchange. Conversely, to buy digital assets on a digital asset exchange, a user will transfer U.S. dollars 
or other fiat currency to the digital asset exchange. After completing the transfer of digital assets or U.S. 
dollars, the user will execute his or her trade and withdraw either the digital asset (using the digital asset’s 
respective blockchain) or the U.S. dollars back to the user. Digital asset exchanges are an important part of 
the digital asset industry. 
Digital asset exchanges have a limited history. Since 2009, several digital asset exchanges have been closed 
or experienced disruptions due to fraud, failure, security breaches or distributed denial of service attacks 
(known as “DDoS Attacks”). In many of these instances, the customers of such exchanges were not 
compensated or made whole for the partial or complete losses of their funds held at the exchanges. Digital 
asset exchanges are also appealing targets for hackers and malware. The potential for instability of digital 
asset exchanges and the closure or temporary shutdown of exchanges due to fraud, business failure, 
hackers, DDoS or malware, or government-mandated regulation may reduce confidence in digital assets, 
which may result in greater volatility and/or price decreases in the Index and the Component Digital Assets. 
8. 
Hard Fork Risk (Low risk) 
From time to time crypto assets´ networks perform hard forks, which are changes that occur when nodes of 
the most recent version of a blockchain stop accepting the older version of the blockchain, permanently 
separating it from the earlier version. Even though hard forks are important for solving security risks found in 
older versions of the software, a node running on an older version of the blockchain client will not be able to 
process transactions on the updated version of the protocol, meaning that the older version of the client is 
not compatible with the updated protocol. For example, the Ethereum Merge led to a big drop in its value due 
to uncertainty about the success of the Merge. 
9. 
Airdrop Risk (Low risk) 
An airdrop is an unsolicited distribution of a cryptocurrency token or coin to numerous wallet addresses. 
Airdrops in the context of crypto assets refer to the distribution of crypto assets to existing holders of a 
particular crypto asset. While airdrops can be an exciting opportunity for investors to receive additional crypto 
assets, they also come with certain risks that should be considered. However, the frequent occurrence of 
airdrops can result in market saturation. When multiple crypto assets are distributed through airdrops, the 
supply of crypto assets can increase significantly. This oversupply can potentially dilute the value of existing

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
crypto assets, leading to a decline in their market prices. Investors should consider the potential impact of 
market saturation when evaluating the value and prospects of an airdropped crypto asset. 
Any airdrops received on the public addresses at which the collateral of the notes reside are not included as 
collateral of the note. Investors of the notes are not eligible for any proceeds resulting from airdrops. 
10. 
Validator Reward Risk (Low risk) 
The validator process may demand significant processing power and specialised equipment to solve 
complicated cryptographic hash problems (proof-of-work) or significant cost of capital (proof-of-stake) to 
verify blocks of transactions that are updated on the decentralised blockchain ledger. As a result, validators 
are usually paid with new crypto assets (validator rewards) and a share of network revenue (transaction fees 
paid by users). The new crypto assets are put into circulation when transactions are added to the blockchain. 
Therefore, it is an essential component of the construction and maintenance of the blockchain ledger. A 
decline in validator rewards or significant increases in transaction verification costs may lead to validators 
switching to other networks, thereby retarding transaction validation and usage. Any issue arising concerning 
the relevant crypto asset inflation or transaction confirmation might have a negative effect on the crypto 
asset's price. 
11. 
Low Liquidity Risk (Low risk) 
Low liquidity in crypto assets markets refers to a situation where there is insufficient trading activity and a 
limited number of participants. This poses significant risks for traders and investors. Firstly, low liquidity can 
lead to wide bid-ask spreads, making it expensive to enter or exit positions. Market orders in illiquid markets 
may cause slippage, where the executed price deviates significantly from the expected price. Moreover, low 
liquidity can also amplify price volatility. A large order in such a market could lead to drastic price swings, 
making the market susceptible to manipulation and sudden crashes. In extreme cases, a lack of liquidity 
might even hinder the ability to execute trades altogether. Additionally, low liquidity markets are more 
vulnerable to pump-and-dump schemes, where coordinated groups artificially inflate prices before rapidly 
selling off. Investors might find it challenging to accurately assess an asset's value due to the erratic price 
movements in illiquid markets. Overall, low liquidity increases the complexity of trading, heightens risks, and 
necessitates cautious decision-making for anyone involved in cryptocurrency markets. 
12. 
Centralised Validation Risk (Low risk) 
Networks based on a Proof-of-Stake consensus mechanism rely on validators rather than miners to add new 
transactions to the network. These validators get to choose which transactions are included, and on some 
networks (such as Ethereum) in what sequence get into each block. Although Proof-of-Stake can significantly 
reduce a network's energy consumption, it also means that a significant amount of the digital assets used to 
secure the network is held by centralised entities such as initial investors, exchanges or the project’s 
development team and founders. As a result, these centralised entities are much more likely to be given 
blocks of transactions to add to the chain and may end up having a disproportionate amount of control over 
what is and isn't permitted on the network. Therefore, there is a risk that it could easily lead to the 
centralisation of power if a small number of delegates or influential validators gain control over the authority 
to approve and validate transactions. 
 
13. 
Governance Risk (High Risk) 
Investors should be aware that there could be negative media coverage and allegations of fraudulent activities 
related to senior management of the entity that may be partly of fully responsible for operations and 
development related to network for the underlying series assets. While these allegations may not been legally 
substantiated, they may impact the network’s reputation and operational stability and therefor the value of 
the underlying series assets. Potential investors are advised to conduct thorough due diligence and consider 
these governance risks when making investment decisions. 
 
14. 
Quantum Risk (High risk) 
In quantum computers, information is processed differently than in conventional computers. In this kind of 
computing, qubits, which are equivalent to normal bits but for Quantum computing, are used to execute 
multidimensional quantum computations on a quantum computer. To achieve exponential growth in 
processing capability, qubits need to be added one after another. Classical computers are suitable for 
everyday tasks and have low error rates. Quantum computers are suited for higher-level tasks like 
simulations, and data analysis.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
Therefore, there is a concern related to quantum computers, namely that they might break some of the 
cryptographic protocols currently deployed, specifically concerning digital signatures. The creation of 
quantum computers and algorithms, post-quantum cryptography has lately attracted extensive interest. If a 
network, for example the Avalanche network, allows for an unlimited number of virtual machines (VMs), it 
can support a quantum-based virtual machine with an appropriate digital signature method. Given this 
architecture, it is simple to add a new virtual machine that adds quantum-safe cryptographic primitives to the 
system.  
It may severely affect the value of crypto assets in a negative way if the underlying technology of those crypto 
assets is subject to increased risk of a hack or fraud due to quantum computing. 
Quantum risk concerns not just the underlying of the Notes but also the structure and functioning of the ETN 
itself: custody of the underlying but also of the Notes, communication between market participants and day-
to-day operations of each participant; all of which are at risk of a hack or fraud due to quantum computing. 
15. 
Refusal Acceptance Risk (High risk) 
Banks and other established financial institutions may refuse (a) to process funds for crypto asset 
transactions, (b) process wire transfers to or from crypto exchanges, (c) to service crypto-related companies 
or service providers and/or (d) to maintain accounts for persons or entities transacting in a crypto asset. For 
example, Chinese officials cracked down on crypto assets in 2021, banning all crypto asset transactions and 
mining, damaging numerous crypto assets and putting pressure on stock prices for companies related to 
blockchains and crypto asset. This could dampen liquidity in the market and damage the public perception of 
digital assets generally or any one digital asset in particular, and their or its utility as a payment system, which 
could decrease the price of digital assets generally or individually. 
16. 
Risk of Losses and Volatility (High risk) 
The volatility of an asset is a measure of how much the price of a given asset has increased and/or decreased 
over time. The riskier an investment is, the larger returns or greater losses it may provide over shorter periods. 
The trading prices of many digital assets have experienced extreme volatility in recent periods and may well 
continue to do so. Consequently, the volatility of Digital Assets can lead many investors to large losses. It 
has been observed that more sophisticated investors tend to sell their digital assets before a steep decline in 
price, whereas at the same time, small investors have continued to buy. 
17. 
Illegal Content Risk (Medium risk) 
It is important to note that, even though all transactions that appear on the blockchain are kept on a public 
record and are available to anyone for review, the identity of those who initiated the transaction remains 
unknown. During a transaction, a crypto address is used to communicate with one or more destination 
addresses on behalf of the sender. A crypto address is a random set of characters, which is roughly equivalent 
to a bank account number in cryptography. As a result, criminals may appear to operate anonymously while 
dealing in narcotics, firearms, explosives, child pornography, and other items. Terrorists can do the same 
when soliciting money or donations for extremist groups. It is difficult to tackle the problem of filtering out 
content for adult audiences, including violence, through a decentralised network, implying that no one is in 
control of the crypto network, which is negative for the platform's image. 
18. 
Custody Risk 
a. 
Transaction Risk (Medium risk) 
Most crypto asset transactions are not reversible. Once a transaction has been verified and recorded in a 
block that is added to the Blockchain, an incorrect transfer of a crypto asset, such as bitcoin, or a theft of the 
crypto asset generally will not be reversible and the Issuer may not be capable of seeking compensation for 
any such transfer or theft. To the extent that the Issuer is unable to successfully seek redress for such error 
or theft, such loss could adversely affect an investment in the Issuer. 
For instance, this implies that a crypto asset transaction cannot be stopped or reversed if it is sent to the 
wrong address. The only person with access to the crypto asset and the ability to send it back is the person 
in charge of the address where it was transmitted to. There is no way to recover the crypto asset if the owner 
cannot be located or won't give it back. The issue is that people are prone to making mistakes, and one of 
the most common mistakes made while transmitting crypto assets is that users occasionally enter the 
incorrect blockchain address. This is a major issue since it means the cash will end up in the wrong individual's

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
wallet or in an incorrect location and disappear forever. 
b. 
Key Management Risk ( Medium risk) 
The Issuer’s Custodian must handle private keys in decentralised identification systems, which has shown to 
be an untenable burden. For example it is believed that over 4,000,000 Bitcoins were lost permanently due 
to key management issues, and many users deposit their crypto holdings with exchanges, hurting 
decentralisation. Nonetheless, the Issuer must ensure that the keys required for security are available, safe, 
and uncompromisable. There is a lengthy history of blockchain security incidents leading to digital coin theft, 
and it is rapidly developing. However, most of these breaches might have been avoided or significantly 
reduced if security best practices had been followed. 
19. 
Wealth Centralisation Risk (Low risk) 
 
The Proof of Stake (PoS) consensus is a crypto asset mechanism where the mining and security of the 
network are determined by the accounts with the biggest stakes in the network. PoS consensus mechanisms 
may theoretically provide a greater chance of being selected for individuals or entities who hold larger 
quantities of the relevant crypto asset because of the direct association between ownership and selection 
chance. Consequently, participants with larger holdings are likely to be rewarded. As a result, participants 
with smaller holdings may leave the network if they can't generate rewards. Moreover, PoS consensus 
mechanisms may create a situation where the network is not inclusive, as certain members (such as those 
with larger holdings) may be favoured over others, increasing the possibility of centralised power. Staking 
inefficiently and centralisation in smaller networks are weaknesses in PoS consensus mechanisms that could 
impact stability and integrity. Therefore, there is the potential for validator cartels to form and it can lead to 
concerns around centralisation, while exchanges and wallet providers could also theoretically exercise 
disproportionate control given their large holdings. 
 
20. 
Inflationary risk (Medium risk) 
 
A quick influx of a specific kind of crypto asset can lead to a rise in the amount of the related crypto assets in 
circulation. The possibility for this increasing supply to outstrip the demand for these crypto assets might 
result in inflationary pressure. The purchasing power and potential profits for investors may be reduced over 
time as the crypto assets' value declines as they get more plentiful. Also, unregulated crypto assets emissions 
might raise questions about their future availability. Investors may find it challenging to predict the future 
supply and its possible influence on value if the emission schedule or method is imprecise or susceptible to 
frequent adjustments. Furthermore, the impression and trust of investors may be severely impacted if crypto 
asset emissions are perceived as being excessive or lacking transparency. Investors may lose faith in the 
crypto asset and engage in possible sell-offs if they believe it to be overpriced or artificially inflated. This value 
decline can be difficult to reverse and may have long-term effects on the crypto asset's market position. 
 
21. 
Protocol-defined Inflation Risk (Medium risk) 
 
Protocol-defined inflation corresponds to a predetermined process for creating new crypto assets on a 
blockchain network. Crypto assets frequently use established protocols and algorithms to regulate the issue 
of new crypto assets, in contrast to traditional fiat currencies where central banks have the power to control 
and alter the money supply. A dilution of the crypto asset's value can occur when a significant number of 
crypto assets are created through inflation and the crypto assets’ supply does not keep pace with demand. 
A sudden increase in crypto asset supply without a related increase in utility or demand can lead to a 
downward pressure on a crypto asset's price and will have a negative impact on investor returns as a result. 
Furthermore, the protocol-defined inflation of crypto assets can generally be predicted to some extent, as the 
rules governing the crypto assets supply increase are typically pre-programmed into the blockchain protocol. 
 
22. 
Digital assets are a new technological innovation with a limited history. There is no 
assurance  that usage of digital assets will continue to grow. (High risk) 
 
A contraction in the use of digital assets may result in increased volatility or a reduction in the price of such 
digital assets, which could adversely impact the value of the Notes. For example, bitcoin, one of the earliest 
digital assets, was invented in 2009. Digital assets and their respective trading histories have therefore 
existed for a relatively short time, which limits a potential investor’s ability to evaluate an investment in the 
Notes.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
23. 
Adoption risk (High risk) 
The adoption of digital assets will require an accommodating regulatory environment. A lack of expansion in 
the usage of digital assets and the blockchain could adversely affect an investment in the Notes. In addition, 
there is no assurance that any digital asset will maintain its value over the long term. The value of any digital 
asset is subject to risks related to its usage. Even if growth in digital assets adoption occurs in the near or 
medium term, there is no assurance that digital assets usage will continue to grow over the long term. A 
contraction in the use of digital assets may result in increased volatility or a reduction in the price of such 
digital assets or of digital assets generally, which would adversely impact the value of the Notes. 
Therefore, banks and other established financial institutions may refuse to process funds for crypto asset 
transactions; process wire transfers to or from crypto exchanges, crypto-related companies or service 
providers; or maintain accounts for persons or entities transacting in a crypto asset. For example, Chinese 
officials cracked down on crypto assets in 2021, banning all crypto asset transactions and mining, damaging 
numerous crypto assets and putting pressure on stock prices for companies related to blockchains and crypto 
assets. This could dampen liquidity in the market and damage the public perception of digital assets generally 
or any one digital asset in particular, such as Bitcoin, and their or its utility as a payment system, which could 
decrease the price of digital assets generally or individually. 
24. 
Digital assets trading prices are volatile and investors could lose all or a substantial portion of 
their investment in the Notes. (High risk) 
Speculators and investors who seek to profit from trading and holding digital assets generate a significant 
portion of the demand for such digital assets. Speculation regarding future appreciation in the value of digital 
assets may inflate and make more volatile the price of such digital assets. As a result, digital assets may be 
more likely to fluctuate in value due to changing investor confidence in future appreciation in the price of 
digital assets. 
25. 
Regulation of digital assets continues to evolve, which may restrict the use of digital assets or 
otherwise impact the demand for digital assets. (High risk) 
 
Regulators and governments in various jurisdictions have focused on the regulation of digital assets. Digital 
asset market disruptions and resulting governmental interventions are unpredictable and may make digital 
assets or certain digital assets illegal altogether. Future regulations and directives in some jurisdictions may 
conflict with those of others, and such regulatory actions may restrict or make some or all digital assets illegal 
in some jurisdictions. Future regulations and directives may impact the demand for digital assets, and may 
also affect the ability of digital assets exchanges to operate and for other market participants to enter into 
digital assets transactions. To the extent that future regulatory actions or policies limit or restrict digital asset 
usage, digital asset trading or the ability to convert digital assets to fiat currencies, the demand for digital 
assets may be reduced, which may adversely affect investment in the Notes. Regulation of digital assets 
continues to evolve, the ultimate impact of which remains unclear and may adversely affect, among other 
things, the availability, value or performance of digital assets and, thus, the Digital Assets and FDI in which 
the Issuer invests. Moreover, in addition to exposing the Issuer to potential new costs and expenses, 
additional regulation or changes to existing regulation may also require changes to the Issuer’s investment 
strategies. Although there continues to be uncertainty about the full impact of these and other regulatory 
changes, it is the case that the Issuer may be subject to a more complex regulatory framework, and incur 
additional costs to comply with new requirements as well as to monitor for compliance with any new 
requirements going forward. 
26. 
Demand Risk (Medium risk) 
 
Demand for certain digital assets is driven, in part, by their status as the most prominent and secure digital 
assets. It is possible that a digital asset other than the digital assets to which the investor is exposed could 
have features that make such digital assets more desirable to a material portion of the digital asset user base, 
resulting in a reduction in demand for the digital assets to which the Purchaser is exposed, which could have 
a negative impact on the price of such digital assets and adversely affect an investment in the Notes. For 
example, the Bitcoin network and Bitcoin, as an asset, hold a “first-to-market” advantage over other digital 
assets. This first-to-market advantage is driven in large part by having the largest user base and, more 
importantly, the largest combined mining power in use to secure the blockchain and transaction verification 
system. Having a large mining network results in greater user confidence regarding the security and long-
term stability of a digital asset’s network and its blockchain; as a result, the advantage of more users and 
miners makes a digital asset more secure, which makes it more attractive to new users and miners, resulting

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
in a network effect that strengthens the first-to-market advantage. Bitcoin also enjoys significantly greater 
acceptance and usage than other digital asset networks in the retail and commercial marketplace, due in 
large part to the relatively well-funded efforts of payment processing companies including BitPay and 
Coinbase. Other digital assets to which the Purchaser is or may become exposed may enjoy similar 
advantages as the older and more established digital assets. 
Despite these advantages, it is possible that an altcoin (altcoin stands for alternative coin; altcoins are digital 
assets other than bitcoin) could become materially popular, relative to the digital assets to which the 
Purchaser is exposed, due to either a perceived or exposed shortcoming of the relevant Network protocol 
that is not immediately addressed by such digital assets’ core developers or a perceived advantage of an 
altcoin that includes features not incorporated into such digital assets. If an altcoin to which the Purchaser is 
not exposed obtains significant market share (either in market capitalisation, mining power or use as a 
payment technology), this could reduce the market share of the digital assets to which the Purchaser is 
exposed and have a negative impact on the demand for, and price of, such digital assets. The rules of the 
relevant Index for a Series of Notes may minimise this risk as they may result in an altcoin which gains in 
popularity being included in the Index. 
 
 
27. 
Fraud and Cyber Attack Related Risk 
a. Front-running Risk (Low risk) 
 
A front-runner purchases a crypto asset in anticipation of a large transaction expected to affect its price based 
on advance nonpublic information. As a result, it is considered a form of market manipulation and insider 
trading. It is expected that the person who commits a front running activity will predict the price movement of 
the crypto asset based on the non-public information the person has access to. It is not illegal for some forms 
of front-running, such as index front running, to take place. Through front-running, the front-runners may earn 
millions of dollars in assets. The most commonly known attack by front-runners is the sandwich attack, where 
the price of a transaction is manipulated to take advantage of the following price fluctuation. 
b. Cyber Attack Risk (Medium risk) 
 
The crypto assets and the involved service providers may be at risk for operational and information security 
risks as a result of a cyberattack or cybersecurity breach, including one that affects the blockchain network. 
The asset may suffer a variety of negative effects from a cybersecurity breach, whether deliberate or 
unintentional, including a loss of proprietary information, the theft or corruption of data stored online or 
digitally, denial-of-service attacks on websites or network resources, and the unauthorised disclosure of 
confidential information. 
c.    Hack Attack Risk (Medium risk) 
 
As crypto assets are very new and involve large sums of money, they are particularly vulnerable to hacker 
attacks, as has happened in the past with losses of millions of dollars. Security breaches, computer malware 
and computer hacking attacks have been a prevalent concern concerning digital assets. The digital assets 
can be an appealing target to hackers or malware distributors seeking to destroy, damage or steal them and 
will become more appealing as the relevant ETN grows. To the extent that it is impossible to identify and 
mitigate or stop new security threats or otherwise adapt to technological changes in the digital asset industry, 
the underlying digital assets may be subject to theft, loss, destruction or other attack. 
In a blockchain-based on proof-of-work, the most significant hacker attack is a "51% attack", in which a single 
miner or group of miners has majority control of the blockchain and double-spends the relevant digital assets. 
For example, under normal circumstances, new coins in the Bitcoin network are created by mining computers. 
But, if one participant in the network does have more than 50% of the processing power, it may try to choose 
the current block, start mining, and then withhold the blocks that are mined. The old chain will be overtaken 
when this rival one is broadcast, leaving out all transactions since the fork and undermining the network's 
immutability. The offending party might potentially ban certain coin addresses or refuse to accept blocks 
mined by rival network users, ensuring that they never receive a fair share. 
d. Artificial Intelligence Risk (Low risk) 
 
Artificial Intelligence (AI) has rapidly transformed various industries, revolutionising the way we work,

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
communicate, and even invest. Crypto assets, with their decentralised and digital nature, have gained 
significant popularity among investors. However, while AI offers numerous benefits, it also poses certain 
threats to crypto asset investors. AI-driven algorithms have the potential to manipulate crypto asset markets, 
posing a significant threat to investors. The immense computational power and data processing capabilities 
of AI systems allow them to analyze vast amounts of information, including social media sentiment, news 
articles, and market trends, to predict and influence market movements. AI algorithms are increasingly being 
employed in algorithmic trading, where transactions are executed automatically based on pre-defined 
parameters. While algorithmic trading can enhance efficiency and liquidity in the crypto asset market, it also 
introduces potential risks. The speed and complexity of AI algorithms can result in sudden and drastic market 
fluctuations, making it difficult for human investors to react swiftly. In a scenario where multiple AI-powered 
trading algorithms interact, the market can become highly volatile and unpredictable, making it challenging 
for investors to make informed decisions. Additionally, crypto assets are prone to security vulnerabilities, and 
AI can exacerbate these risks. AI-powered hacking tools have become more sophisticated, allowing 
cybercriminals to exploit vulnerabilities in crypto asset platforms, wallets, and exchanges. By using AI 
algorithms, hackers can launch more precise and targeted attacks, potentially compromising the integrity of 
transactions and stealing investors' funds. Additionally, AI can also be used to generate realistic phishing 
scams, deceiving investors into revealing sensitive information and compromising their digital assets. 
e. Interruption Risk (Medium risk) 
 
Crypto asset networks are dependent upon the internet. A disruption of the internet or a crypto asset network 
would affect the ability to transfer crypto assets, and, consequently, adversely affect their value. Local Internet 
service outages occur often because many crypto asset holders have undoubtedly experienced a service 
outage or had their internet connection go down for a while. If a local outage occurs, it might not be possible 
to use crypto asset until it is possible to connect to the internet once again in order to send transactions to 
the network. The interruption risk may therefore result in illiquidity and losses for investors.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description of the Programme and the Notes does not purport to be complete and is subject to 
and qualified by the detailed information contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and in the Final Terms 
in respect of each Series of Notes. Words and expressions not defined in this description shall have the 
meaning given to them elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Description of the Programme 
VanEck Exchange Traded Note Programme pursuant to which the Issuer may issue collateralised exchange 
traded securities (“Notes“) which seek to replicate, to the extent practicable the composition of indices providing 
exposure to digital assets. Investors are entitled to receive a pre-defined share of the Series Assets in 
kind.  
A diagrammatic representation of the principal aspects of the structure as currently in place appears below:

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
Parties to the Programme 
 
   Issuer 
VanEck ETP AG (“VEEA”), having its registered office at 
Landstrasse 40, 9495 Triesen, Liechtenstein, a society limited 
by shares and incorporated in Liechtenstein with registered 
number FL-0002.640.173-8. 
   Arranger and Calculation Agent  
VanEck (Europe) GmbH, Kreuznacher Strasse 30, 60486 
Frankfurt, Germany, a limited liability company incorporated in 
Germany with registered number HRB 85306.  
   Custodian and Safekeeper 
Bank Frick & Co AG, Landstrasse 14, 9496 Balzers, Principality 
of Liechtenstein  
   Collateral Agent  
VanEck (Europe) GmbH, Kreuznacher Strasse 30, 60486 
Frankfurt, Germany, a limited liability company incorporated in 
Germany with registered number HRB 85306. 
   Issuing and Paying Agent 
Quirin Privatbank AG, Bürgermeister-Smidt-Straße 76, 28195 
Bremen, Germany 
   Paying Agents 
The Issuer may appoint additional paying agents in relation to a 
Series of Notes if required by the rules of any stock exchange 
on which Notes are listed or admitted to trading. 
   Authorised Participant(s) 
Flow Traders B.V., Jacob Bontiusplaats 9, Amsterdam 1018 LL, 
the Netherlands 
Jane Street Financial Limited, 2 and a Half Devonshire Square, 
London EC2M 4 UJ, United Kingdom 
Goldenberg Hehmeyer LLP, 6th floor, 77 Cornhill, London EC3V 
3QQ, United Kingdom 
DRW Europe B.V., Gustav Mahlerlaan 1212, Unit 3.30, 1081 LA 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands 
and any Eligible Authorised Participant that has entered into an 
Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer and has 
acceded to the Operating Procedures Agreement. 
 
Only an Authorised Participant may subscribe for the Notes. 
 
“Eligible Authorised Participant” means any bank or financial 
institution (which for these purposes shall include any leading 
dealer or broker in the assets of the type referenced by the 
Notes) incorporated, domiciled and regulated in the EEA. 
 
Programme Overview 
Public Offers  
 
 
If so specified in the Final Terms in respect of any Series of 
Notes, the Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus by 
any Authorised Participant in connection with any offer of Notes 
that is not within an exemption from the requirement to publish 
a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (a “Non-exempt 
Offer“) during the offer period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the “Offer Period“), in the relevant Member State(s) and

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
subject to the applicable conditions, in each case specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods occurring 
within 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Programme 
As of 19. October 2020, the Issuer established the VanEck 
Exchange Traded Note Programme (the “Programme“) for the 
issuance of collateralised exchange-traded securities (“Notes”). 
The maximum number of Notes that may be outstanding at any 
time under the Programme is 1,000,000,000 per Series of 
Notes. 
Issuance of Series of Notes 
The Issuer may issue Series of Notes under the Programme 
(each a “Series“). Each Series of Notes constitutes limited 
recourse obligations of the Issuer, secured on and resulting 
claims to be satisfied solely from the Series Assets in respect of 
such Series.  
 
If the assets or the net proceeds (e.g. in case of enforcement) of 
the Series Assets for a Series of Notes are not sufficient to 
satisfy all claims due in respect of such Series of Notes (after 
payment of all obligations of the Issuer ranking senior thereto), 
no other assets of the Issuer (including the Series Assets in 
respect of any other Series of Notes) will be available to meet 
such shortfall and the claims of the creditors of the Issuer in 
respect of such Series and such shortfalls shall be extinguished. 
Method of issuance 
Notes will be issued in Series on an ongoing basis.  
In Specie Subscription  
In relation to any Subscription Order, the Issuer may in 
accordance with the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement 
and the Operating Procedures Agreement agree with the 
relevant Authorised Participant that the obligation of the 
Authorised Participant to pay the relevant subscription amount 
(the “Relevant Subscription Amount”) shall be satisfied by the 
delivery to the Issuer of Component Digital Assets which the 
Calculation Agent determines have a value on the Subscription 
Trade Date, after taking into account any costs of transfer or 
delivery, which is equal to the Relevant Subscription Amount. 
Continual issuance and redemption 
It is intended that the Notes of each Series shall be subject to a 
continual issuance and redemption mechanism, under which 
additional Notes of such Series may be issued and Notes may 
be redeemed. 
Principal features of the Notes 
 
Form of the Notes 
The Notes will be issued in global bearer form and serially 
numbered or in dematerialised uncertificated registered form 
which shall not be exchangeable for bearer securities, in each 
case in the amount and currency of denomination specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Each Series of Notes will be issued subject to terms and 
conditions in the form and with the contents as set out in the 
section of this Base Prospectus headed “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes” as completed by the Final Terms in respect of each 
Series.  
Issue Price 
The Issue Price in respect of each Series of Notes will be set out 
in the Final Terms with respect to such Series.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
Principal Amount 
The Principal Amount in respect of each Series of Notes will be 
set out in the Final Terms with respect to such Series. 
Denomination 
The Denomination of each Note is equal to its Principal Amount. 
Interest 
The Notes will not bear interest at a prescribed rate. 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or purchased and 
cancelled by the Issuer, the Notes of each Series will become 
due on their Final Redemption Settlement Date at their Final 
Redemption Amount. 
Final Redemption Settlement Date 
The Final Redemption Settlement Date in respect of a Series of 
Notes will be the day that falls three Currency Business Days 
after the Final Redemption Date.  
Final Redemption Date 
The Final Redemption Date in respect of each Series of Notes 
will be set out in the Final Terms with respect to such Series. 
The Final Redemption Date may be extended by the Issuer for 
periods of up to 10 years for each extension. Any such extension 
must be notified to the Noteholders at least one month in 
advance of the then current Final Redemption Date.  
Final Redemption Amount 
The Final Redemption Amount corresponds to an in-kind share 
of the Series Assets per Note with a value corresponding to the 
Note Value on the Redemption Pricing Date  as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, less such Note’s pro rata share of any 
costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Issuer 
necessary to give effect to such redemption. The Final 
Redemption Amount will be transferred to the Noteholders 
Redemption Wallet in kind. 
If delivery of Series Assets in kind is impossible in general or 
with regard to a specific investor, an investor may request that 
the Issuer arranges for the sale of the portion of the Series 
Assets corresponding to such investors Notes and that the 
investor instead receives the proceeds of such sale less such 
Note’s pro rata share of any costs and expenses incurred by or 
on behalf of the Issuer in any realisation of any Series Assets of 
the relevant Series necessary to give effect to such redemption. 
Mandatory Redemption  
The Notes of a Series may fall for mandatory redemption prior 
to their Final Redemption Date at the Mandatory Redemption 
Amount if a Mandatory Redemption Event occurs.  
Mandatory Redemption Events 
The Notes of a Series may fall for mandatory redemption if any 
of the following events occur: 
 
(1) 
the Issuer determines that it is not appropriate to make 
adjustments to the Conditions of the Notes following the 
occurrence of an Adjustment Event (meaning an Index 
Cancellation, and Index Modification or an Index 
Disruption), thereby triggering a Disruption Redemption 
Event; 
 
(2) 
any of the Calculation Agent, the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, the Custodian and/or all of the Authorised 
Participants in relation to the Notes resign their 
appointment or their appointment is terminated for any 
reason and no successor or replacement has been 
appointed at the time that such resignation or 
termination takes effect;

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
(3) 
(a) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law, regulation, rule, order, ruling or 
procedure or (b) due to the promulgation of or any 
change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law or regulation, the Issuer gives notice that 
the Notes of a Series are to be redeemed, because  
(i) 
the Issuer would (or would expect to) incur a 
materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations under such Notes; or 
(ii) 
it would become illegal for the Issuer to (x) hold, 
acquire or dispose of all of the types of Series 
Asset, and/or (y) perform its obligations under 
the Notes. 
 
or 
 
(4) 
the Issuer exercises its option to call all or some of the 
Notes for early redemption. 
Mandatory Redemption Amount 
The Mandatory Redemption Amount corresponds to the Final 
Redemption Amount. 
 
Redemption by Noteholders                        A Noteholder may on any Valuation Date require the Issuer to 
redeem all or part of its holding of Notes of a Series at the 
Redemption Amount on the relevant Redemption Settlement 
Date by submitting to the Issuer a valid Redemption Order. 
 
 
Redemption Amount 
The Redemption Amount corresponds to the Final Redemption 
Amount. 
 
Noteholder’s exposure to the daily 
performance of the applicable Index  
 
The proceeds of issue of each Series of Notes will be invested 
in a portfolio of Series Assets specific for such Series. The 
Assets will be selected and managed by the Issuer in order to 
replicate, to the extent practicable the composition of the 
relevant Index. Therefore, Noteholders will be indirectly, partially 
exposed to the daily performance of the Index in respect of the 
Series. 
 
 
 
 
Redemption Wallet 
A digital assets wallet of the Noteholder which is used to receive 
the Final Redemption Amount, Mandatory Redemption Amount 
or Redemption Amount and which provides reasonable 
customer due diligence (KYC) and Anti Money Laundering 
measures according to the Travel Rule to be specified by the 
Noteholder in the Redemption Order Form. 
Redemption Order Form 
The form to be used by Noteholders to order a Direct 
Redemption. Redemption Order Forms will be provided on the 
Issuers website www.vaneck.com. In case of agreements with

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Authorised Participants setting forth the terms of a (potential) 
redemption, no such form may be required to be used. 
Redemption Securities Account 
The securities account of the Issuer as specified in the 
confirmation email by the Issuer to the Noteholder to confirm a 
Redemption Order and to which the Noteholder will need to 
transfer his Notes in order to receive the Redemption Amount. 
Redemption Settlement Date 
"Redemption Settlement Date" means the day that falls three 
Currency Business Days after the Redemption Pricing Date 
which is not a Disrupted Day and is both a Currency Business 
Day and a Clearing System Business Day.  
 
Redemption Fee 
In case of a Redemption by Noteholders which are non-
Authorised Participants, the Issuer may charge a fee of 1% (of 
the value of the Notes to be redeemed), at minimum 1.500,00 
USD per Redemption.    
 
Redemption Pricing Date 
 
 
 
Assets  
means a Valuation Date on which a Redemption Order is 
determined to be valid and accepted by or on behalf of the 
Issuer.  
 
Each Series of Notes will be secured by a portfolio held by the 
Issuer and consisting of digital assets (the “Digital Assets”) 
that:  
(i)  
are component digital assets of an index (the “Index”, and 
the digital assets that comprise such Index, the 
“Component Digital Assets or Digital Assets”); and/or  
(ii)  
at the time of their purchase are not Component Digital 
Assets but that are expected by the Issuer to be included 
in the Index at the time of the next Index rebalancing 
(“Other Digital Assets”). 
 
Index 
In respect of any Series of Notes, the index specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (see the sections of this Base Prospectus 
headed “Description of the Indices”).  
The Index in respect of a Series of Notes will be specified in the 
Final Terms for the Series, and may reference one or more 
Component Digital Assets. Each Series of Notes will seek to 
replicate, to the extent practicable, the composition of the 
relevant Index.  
Investment Approach  
The Issuer’s investment approach is to attempt to approximate 
the investment performance of the Index. The Issuer could (i) 
invest, directly or indirectly, in digital assets that are not 
Component Digital Assets of the relevant Index, and / or (ii) 
refrain from investing in digital assets that are Component Digital 
Assets of the Index, in exceptional circumstances where it 
believes that it can achieve better results by deviating from the 
Index.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
Series Assets 
The Assets held by the Issuer on the Series Account with the 
Custodian or held by the Paying Agent for and on behalf of the 
Issuer and referenced by a Series of Notes and securing such 
Series of Notes on the basis of the CA Pledge Agreement 
between the Issuer and the Collateral Agent; including Issuer 
claims to return of assets held by a third party on the basis of a 
staking agreement and proceeds from such staking transaction. 
 
Staking  
The Issuer may, if so specified in the Final Terms, enter into 
staking agreements as well as staking agency agreements 
(“Staking”) in order to stake certain Series Assets or to allow 
third parties to conduct staking on behalf of the Issuer. Staking 
returns will form part of the Series Assets. 
 
Limited assets for repaying obligations 
The Issuer’s obligations in respect of a Series of Notes will be 
limited to the Series Assets backing the respective Series of 
Notes. The Issuer will invest the proceeds of the issuance of 
each Series of Notes in the Series Assets.  
The only assets available to the Issuer to satisfy claims of 
investors due in respect of the redemption of any Note will be 
the Series Assets (after a pro rata deduction of all fees, costs 
and expenses payable or incurred by the Issuer).  
Events of Default  
If: 
 
(1) 
the Issuer defaults in satisfying any claims, specifically 
claims resulting from redemption requests in respect of 
a Series of Notes or any of them for a period of 14 
calendar days or more; 
 
(2) 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or 
more of its obligations (other than an obligation as a 
consequence of redemption) under the Notes, the CA 
Pledge Agreement or any other Series Document, which 
default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the 
Collateral Agent capable of remedy, is not remedied 
within 30 calendar days (or such longer period as the 
Collateral Agent may permit) after notice of such default 
shall have been given to the Issuer by the Collateral 
Agent (and, for these purposes, a failure to perform or 
comply with an obligation shall be deemed to be 
remediable notwithstanding that the failure results from 
not doing an act or thing by a particular time); 
 
(3) 
any order shall be made by any competent court or any 
resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the 
Issuer, save for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, 
consolidation, 
reorganisation 
or 
other 
similar 
arrangement on terms previously approved in writing by 
the Collateral Agent or by an Extraordinary Resolution;  
 
(4) 
a special audit is ordered in respect of the Issuer; 
 
then the Collateral Agent at its discretion may, or shall, if so 
directed in writing by the required proportion of the Noteholders, 
provided that it has been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction, declare that the Notes of such 
Series are immediately due at their Final Redemption Amount.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
Limited recourse 
In respect of the Notes of any Series, the Series Parties and the 
Noteholders shall have recourse only to the Series Assets in 
respect of such Notes, subject always to the Issuer Security, and 
not to any other assets of the Issuer. If, following distribution or 
realisation in full of the Series Assets (whether by way of 
liquidation or enforcement) and application of available assets 
and / or cash sums as provided in the Conditions any 
outstanding claim against the Issuer in respect of the Issuer 
obligations remains unpaid, then such outstanding claim shall 
be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in 
respect thereof. Following the extinguishment of any such claim, 
none of the Series Parties, the Noteholders of any relevant 
Series or any other person acting on behalf of any of them shall 
be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer or any of 
its officers, shareholders, corporate service providers or 
directors to recover any further assets or sums in respect of the 
extinguished claim and no debt, liability or obligation shall be 
owed to any such persons by the Issuer in respect of such 
further asset or sums. 
 
None of the Series Parties, the Noteholders of any Series or any 
person acting on behalf of any of them may, at any time, bring, 
institute or join with any other person in bringing, instituting or 
joining insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up or 
any other similar proceedings (whether court-based or 
otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its assets, and none 
of them shall have any claim arising with respect to the sums, 
assets and/or property attributable to any other securities issued 
by the Issuer (save for any further securities which form a single 
Series with the Notes). 
Governing law of Notes 
Each Series of Notes, Series Documents relating to the Notes 
and this Base Prospectus will each be governed by German law. 
Listing and admission to trading 
The Notes issued under the Base Prospectus may be admitted 
to trading at Deutsche Börse Xetra, Euronext Amsterdam, 
Euronext Paris and SIX Swiss Exchange. The Issuer may make 
application to additional stock exchanges and regulated or 
unregulated markets including multilateral trading facilities 
within the EEA or abroad for certain Series of Notes issued on 
the basis of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading.  
The Notes may be bought and sold on such exchanges without 
the involvement of an Authorised Participant. 
Selling and transfer restrictions 
There are restrictions in relation to the offering and sale of Notes 
and the distribution of offering materials in certain jurisdictions. 
See the section of this Base Prospectus headed “Subscription 
and Sale”. 
Series Account 
An account established with Bank Frick & Co AG in the name of 
the Issuer for the purpose of holding the Series Assets and all 
distributions received by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of 
the Series Assets, and all proceeds of the Series Assets, 
whereby separate accounts shall be established for each Series 
of Notes. 
Custody of Digital Assets  
The Issuer digital wallets are principally maintained by the 
Custodian. The underlying digital assets are therefore held by a 
custodian, which is subject to AML regulation in Liechtenstein. 
Liechtenstein is a member of the EEA. The Liechtenstein AML

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
regulation is equivalent to the UK AML laws. All digital assets 
are held in cold storage 
A small portion of the Digital Assets may be held on digital 
wallets maintained by digital asset exchanges. The Issuer will 
maintain separate wallets with respect to Digital Assets 
referenced by each Series of Notes. 
Security for the Notes 
In respect of the Notes of each Series, the obligations of the 
Issuer shall be secured by the Issuer Security constituted by the 
CA Pledge Agreement relating to such Series. 
 
Pursuant to the CA Pledge Agreement relating to a Series of 
Notes, in respect of that Series the obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes shall be secured by a charge in favour of the 
Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Noteholders, on: 
 
(i) all sums held now or in the future by or on behalf of 
the Issuer (including, without limitation, by the Issuing 
and Paying Agent) to meet payments due in respect of 
the obligations and duties of the Issuer under the CA 
Pledge Agreement and the Notes and all rights and 
claims of the Issuer relating to such sums,  
(ii) the Series Assets and any sums of money or other 
property received or receivable now or in the future by 
or on behalf of the Issuer from or in context with the 
Series Assets and all rights and claims of the Issuer with 
regard to the Series Assets and such sums or property,  
(iii) all of the Issuer’s rights and claims as against the 
Custodian, relating to the Notes, and  
(iv) all of the Issuer’s rights and claims in respect of any 
sum or property now or in the future standing to the 
credit of the Series Account, 
in each case, to the extent that they relate to such Series of the 
Notes. 
Settlement and Clearing 
A Series of Notes may, subject to all applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements, be issued in Series comprising of  
Bearer Securities or in dematerialised uncertificated registered 
form.  
See the section of this Base Prospectus headed "Settlement 
and Clearing of Notes".

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
ECONOMIC OVERVIEW OF THE NOTES 
Overview of the Notes 
 
The Issuer may from time to time issue collateralised exchange traded securities under the Programme, that 
seek to provide exposure to one or more digital assets on the terms set out in this Base Prospectus in the 
section headed "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", as completed in respect of each Series of Notes by the 
Final Terms relating to such Notes. 
 
The Issuer has been specifically set up as an SPV in order to issue the Notes under the Programme with the 
purpose to raise assets to be invested as set forth below. 
 
The proceeds of the issue of each Series of Notes is intended to be invested to replicate, to the extent 
practicable, the composition of the relevant Index. The Note Value will reflect the value of the Series Assets 
for each Series of Notes in which the Issuer will invest the proceeds of the issue of such Series of Notes. The 
Series Assets shall be selected and managed by the Issuer in order to replicate (to the degree practicable) 
the composition of the Index referenced by that Series. 
 
Investors of each Series of the Notes are entitled to receive a defined number of digital assets out of 
the “Series Assets” in kind.  
 
The Issuer has already issued the following products, which are continued to be offered on the basis of this 
succeeding Base Prospectus: 
VanEck Ethereum ETN  
 
VETH ISIN  
DE000A3GPSP7 
VanEck Bitcoin ETN 
 
 
VBTC ISIN  
DE000A28M8D0 
VanEck Polkadot ETN  
 
VDOT ISIN 
DE000A3GSUC5 
VanEck Solana ETN 
 
 
VSOL ISIN 
DE000A3GSUD3  
VanEck TRON ETN 
 
 
VTRX ISIN 
DE000A3GSUE1 
VanEck Avalanche ETN  
 
VAVA ISIN 
DE000A3GV1T7 
VanEck Crypto Leaders ETN 
 
VTOP ISIN 
DE000A3GWEU3 
VanEck Polygon ETN 
 
 
VPOL ISIN 
DE000A3GV1U5 
VanEck Algorand ETN  
 
VGND ISIN 
DE000A3GWNE8 
VanEck Chainlink ETN  
 
VLNK ISIN 
DE000A3GXNV0 
VanEck Smart Contract Leaders ETN 
VSMA ISIN 
DE000A3GXNT4 
The VanEck FTX Token ETN (ISIN DE000A3GWNC2) issued by the Issuer on the basis of a preceding Base 
Prospectus are outstanding but are no longer offered / not continued to be offered. The VanEck Terra ETN 
(ISIN DE0003GWND0) issued by the Issuer on the basis of a preceding Base Prospectus have been 
redeemed in January 2023. 
 
 
The Issuer will issue further products on the basis of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Note Value 
 
The Note Value will be calculated on each Business Day (that is not a Disrupted Day) by the Calculation 
Agent and reflect the value of the Series Assets in respect of a Series of Notes and will take into account all 
applicable fees and expenses.  
 
On the Issue Date of a Note, the Note Value will be equal to its Issue Price. On any Valuation Date thereafter 
(which is not a Disrupted Day), the Note Value is calculated as the Note Value on the immediately preceding 
Valuation Date adjusted by the percentage change in the value of the Series Assets (net of any Costs and 
Expenses) since such preceding Valuation Date. 
 
“Costs and Expenses” means in respect of a Series of Notes, the total fees, expenses and other liabilities 
(other than the liabilities represented by the Notes) payable, and/or accrued and/or estimated to be payable 
by the Issuer in respect of such Series.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
Pricing Sources and Valuation Methodology 
 
Valuation Guidelines 
 
a) Calculation Agent  
The Calculation Agent, VanEck (Europe) GmbH, will be responsible for calculating the value of the underlying 
assets. The Calculation Agent recognises that reliable valuation is also of critical importance for determining 
the price at which Notes are purchased and sold by investors on the exchanges on which the Notes are 
traded and the price at which the Notes are subscribed for and redeemed.  
 
b) Valuation Policy 
From an organisational perspective the Calculation Agent will implement robust pricing policies and 
procedures to value the digital assets. These policies and procedures address the considerations which are 
specific to digital assets. These additional considerations include the globally fragmented nature of the 
markets for digital assets, the “24/7” nature of the digital asset industry and, as described below, the possibility 
of forks arising in the blockchain.  While the Calculation Agent will retain overall responsibility for the 
calculation of the valuations, it may from time to time outsource elements of the calculation function and may 
also rely upon information provided by pricing data providers such as CC Data Ltd (“CCData”). The 
Calculation Agent will monitor the performance of the pricing data providers in accordance with its internal 
policies.  
 
c) Valuation Outsourcing  
As a key element in the valuation process, the administrator of the Relevant Index (MarketVector Indexes 
GmbH) and the pricing data provider (CC Data Ltd ) will be contractually obliged to provide to the Calculation 
Agent all public information on the prices, liquidity and total number of units of the relevant digital assets. The 
Calculation Agent is in control of selecting and engaging the relevant index and pricing data providers. The 
pricing policies and procedures of the Calculation Agent will specifically address how significant events 
relevant to the valuation of digital assets will be dealt with.  As an important example, the policies will specify 
how and when forks will be considered for valuation. A fork is defined as an event where a blockchain for a 
digital asset diverges into different paths. A fork could result in different digital assets with potentially different 
prices. The Note aims to follow the Index treatment at all times insofar possible and practical. The specifics 
of different types of digital assets and their related potential impact on the valuation will be dealt with by a 
pricing committee established by the Calculation Agent. 
  
The Series Assets shall be valued as follows: 
  
Digital Assets will be valued based on the value calculated by CCData as at the relevant Valuation Point. 
This value will be the 60 minute volume weighted average price (“vwap”) prior to the Valuation point. The real 
time prices calculated by CCData, that are the input for calculating the 60 minute vwap, are based on: 
  
(i) Traded prices from covered exchanges; 
(ii) 24-hour liquidity weights; and 
(iii) A “liquidity penalty”. 
  
At any time the real time price for a Digital Asset is the weighted average of prices on all covered exchanges 
(included exchanges can be found under www.CCData.io), where the weight belonging to an exchange is 
the ratio of the 24 hour trading volume to the total trading volume on all covered exchanges. The traded 
volume on each covered exchange is adjusted with a liquidity penalty factor that depends on the time since 
the last trade. 
  
Factors affecting the Note Value and the market value of the Notes 
 
The Note Value may be affected by a number of factors, including: 
 
i. 
the performance of the Series Assets for that Series. The value of the Series Assets for a Series will 
vary depending on global and regional economic performance, market sentiment, borrowing and 
lending rates, the liquidity of the Series Assets and any other factors that may affect the ability of a 
holder of such Series Assets to value or sell their holding; 
 
ii. 
the level of the fees and expenses taken into account when calculating the Note Value; and

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
iii. 
the occurrence of a Disruption Event, an Adjustment Event or a change in law. 
 
General movements in local and international markets and factors that affect the investment climate and 
investor sentiment could all affect the level of trading and, therefore, the market price of the Notes. 
 
While the level of the Index is not used in the calculation of the Note Value, changes in the level of the Index 
may be reflected by similar changes in the value of the Series Assets. 
 
The market price of the Notes may also be affected (directly or indirectly) by a number of factors, including, 
but not limited to: 
 
(i) 
the value and volatility of the Component Digital Assets of the Index referenced by the Notes and 
the Series Assets; 
(ii) 
market perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates; 
(iii) 
whether or not any market disruption is subsisting; 
(iv) 
the nature and value of the Series Assets relating to such Series of Notes; 
(v)  
the creditworthiness of the Custodian and the Authorised Participants; and 
(vi) 
any fees or execution costs applicable to subscriptions for or redemptions of the Notes; and 
(vii)  
the liquidity in the Notes. 
The Note Value and the secondary market price of the Notes can go down as well as up throughout the term 
of the Notes. 
 
Certain indices may be more volatile than other indices, and the secondary market price of the Notes which 
reference such index may demonstrate similar volatility. Prospective investors should be aware that the Note 
Value and market price of any Notes on any Valuation Date may not reflect their prior or future performance. 
 
There can be no assurance as to the future value and market price of the Notes. See the section of this Base 
Prospectus headed "Risk Factors" for a description of certain of the risks associated with an investment in 
Notes. 
 
Issue Price 
 
The Issue Price in respect of a Series of Notes will be specified in the Final Terms relating to such Series. 
 
Use of issue proceeds 
 
The net proceeds of issuance of each Series of Notes on the Issue Date of such Series will be invested in 
the Series Assets in order to replicate, to the extent practicable the composition of the relevant Index.  
 
Interest on the Notes 
 
The Notes do not bear interest at a prescribed rate. 
 
Staking Revenues and Fees 
 
Staking may be used to generate additional income for the relevant underlying, payable to the Issuer at the 
time of payment and forming part of the Series Assets of a Series of Notes. The income from Staking may 
be reduced by a charge or fee for the staking agent, the Issuer or any other involved party. This Fee will be 
specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Maturity of the Notes 
 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or purchased and cancelled by the Issuer, each Series of Notes will 
become due on their Final Redemption Settlement Date at their Final Redemption Amount.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
The Final Redemption Amount corresponds to an in-kind share of the Series Assets per Note with a value 
corresponding to the Note Value on the Redemption Pricing Date  as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
less such Note’s pro rata share of any costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Issuer necessary 
to give effect to such redemption. The Final Redemption Amount will be transferred to the Noteholders 
Redemption Wallet in kind. 
If delivery of Series Assets in kind is impossible in general or with regard to a specific investor, an investor 
may request that the Issuer arranges for the sale of the portion of the Series Assets corresponding to such 
investors Notes entitlement and that the investor instead receives the proceeds of such sale less such Note’s 
pro rata share of any costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Issuer throughout the term of the 
Notes and in any realisation of any Series Assets of the relevant Series necessary to give effect to such 
redemption. 
 
Early redemption 
 
If an Event of Default occurs in respect of a Series of Notes, each Note of such Series will become 
immediately due at its Final Redemption Amount. 
 
Redemption by Noteholders 
 
A Noteholder may on any Valuation Date require the Issuer to redeem all or part of its holding of Notes of a 
Series at the Redemption Amount on the relevant Redemption Settlement Date by submitting to the Issuer a 
valid Redemption Order. 
 
Redemption Orders are to be placed with the Issuer  
 
- 
by Authorised Participants in accordance with the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement and 
the Procedures Agreement, 
  
- 
by Noteholders which are not Authorised Participants  
o 
through filing of a Redemption Order Form with the Issuer,  
o 
delivery of the Notes by the Noteholder to the securities account determined for this purpose by 
the Issuer, and 
o 
the use of a digital assets wallet by the Noteholder which meets the requirements set out in the 
Redemption Order Form. 
 
The Issuer will satisfy any Redemption Orders by the transfer of the Redemption Amount in kind to, or to the 
order of, such Noteholder on the relevant Redemption Settlement Date. 
Mandatory redemption 
 
If a Mandatory Redemption Event occurs in respect of a Series of Notes, each Note of such Series will 
become due on the Mandatory Redemption Settlement Date at its Mandatory Redemption Amount.  
 
Funding of deliveries and payments due to the holders of the Notes 
 
The Issuer will satisfy any obligations due to the holder of a Note (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any Final Redemption Amount, Redemption Amount or Mandatory Redemption Amount due 
in respect of such Note) from the Series Assets relating to the respective Series of Notes.  
 
The Issuer’s capacity to fullfill claims of  a holder of a Note is entirely dependent on the availability 
of Series Assets for the respective Series. If, in exceptional circumstances, realisation of Series 
Assets is necessary, the Issuer’s capability to fullfill claims is entirely dependent on the success in 
realisation of the Series Assets of the respective Series.  
 
If, following distribution in kind or realisation in full of the Series Assets relating to a Series of Notes 
there are any outstanding claims against the Issuer in respect of such Series of Notes, then such 
outstanding claims will be extinguished and no debt will be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. 
 
Taxation and no gross-up

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
Each Noteholder will assume and be solely responsible for any and all Taxes of any jurisdiction or 
governmental or regulatory authority, including, without limitation, any state or local Taxes or other like 
assessment or charges that may be applicable to any payment to it in respect of the Notes. In the event that 
any withholding or deduction for or on account of Tax is imposed on payments on the Notes, the Noteholders 
will be subject to such Tax or deduction and will not be entitled to receive amounts to compensate for such 
withholding or deduction. No Event of Default will occur as a result of any such withholding or deduction. 
 
Transfers and liquidations of Series Assets by the Issuer may be subject to charges, withholding or deduction 
for, or on account of, Taxes. In such circumstances the sums available to the Issuer to pay the Final 
Redemption Amount, the Redemption Amount or the Mandatory Redemption Amount may not be sufficient 
to satisfy in full the claims of the Noteholders and all creditors whose claims rank in priority to those of the 
Noteholders. 
 
Fees and Expenses  
 
In case of a Redemption by Noteholders which are non-Authorised Participants, the Issuer may charge a fee 
of 1% (of the value of the Notes to be redeemed), at minimum 1.500,00 USD per Redemption.    
A subscription or redemption fee may be charged by the Issuer to Authorised Participants in respect of any 
subscription or redemption orders for Notes. The level of the subscription or redemption fee in respect of 
Authorised Participants will be specified in Authorised Participant Agreements.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SERIES ASSETS  
Each Series of Notes will seek to replicate, to the degree practicable the composition of an index (the “Index”) 
which may reference one or more digital assets (the “Component Digital Assets”). The relevant Index in 
respect of a Series of Notes will be specified in the Final Terms for the Series. 
The Series Assets 
The Series Assets in respect of each Series of Notes will be the proceeds of the issue of such Series of Notes 
as invested by the Issuer. The proceeds of the issue of each Series of Notes will be applied by the Issuer to 
replicate as close as possible the performance of the Index by acquiring digital assets (the “Digital Assets”) 
that:  
(i)  
are Component Digital Assets of the relevant Index; and/or  
(ii)  
at the time of their purchase are not Component Digital Assets but that are announced by 
the Index Provider to be included in the Index at the time of the next rebalancing (“Other 
Digital Assets”). 
A description of digital assets generally together with a description of a selection of digital assets is included 
in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled Description of the Digital Assets. 
Investment Approach 
 
The Issuer will seek to invest directly (and where required during exceptional market conditions - indirectly) 
in a portfolio of digital assets that, as far as possible and practicable will consist of the Component Digital 
Assets that comprise the Index. The Issuer does not intend to use an entirely “passive” or indexing investment 
approach but will attempt to approximate the investment performance of the Index.  
Due to the practical difficulties and expense of purchasing the current components and future components in 
the Index, the Issuer may not purchase all of the Component Digital Assets of the Index. Instead, the Issuer 
may utilise a “sampling” methodology for the Series if so allowed according to the Final Terms for such Series. 
As such, the Issuer may purchase a subset of the Component Digital Assets in the Index and/or digital assets 
which have a similar risk and return profile as the Component Digital Assets in an effort to hold a portfolio of 
digital assets with generally the same risk and return characteristics.  
If and to the extent that this is allowed according to the Final Terms, the Issuer also may, in exceptional 
circumstances such as the unavailability of certain digital assets due to but not limited to transaction backlogs, 
distributed denial of service or other cyber attacks on the blockchain, etc., invest in Other Digital Assets that 
it believes closely reflect the risk and return characteristics of digital assets of the Index. 
The representative sampling approach which may be used by the Issuer if so allowed according to the final 
Terms for a Series seeks to build a representative portfolio of Series Assets that provides a return comparable 
to that of the Index. Consequently, the Issuer will, in respect of a Series of Notes, from time to time hold only 
a subset of the Component Digital Assets of the relevant Index. The digital assets held by the Issuer in respect 
of a Series, representing a subset of all Component Digital Assets in the Index, will generally have the 
characteristics of the Index and are chosen with the intention of replicating the performance of the Index with 
a predicted level of tracking error. 
The Issuer may invest in ancillary assets which may include deposits with credit institutions and FDI for 
efficient portfolio management as described below. 
The Issuer may, if so specified in the Final Terms, use Series Assets for Staking. Any proceeds of such 
staking transactions will (after deduction of costs related to such transaction) form part of the Series Assets.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE INDICES 
The information in this section of the Base Prospectus has been extracted from public information and 
information published by the Index Administrator and has been reproduced on the basis of information 
available to the Issuer. Such information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is able to 
ascertain from such information, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. The websites set out below and their contents do not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. The delivery of this Base Prospectus at any time does not imply any representation on the part 
of the Issuer or any other Series Party that the information contained therein is correct at any time subsequent 
to the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Purchasers of Notes are advised to conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding the 
Indices, the relevant Index Administrators and all other parties connected to the Indices from time to time as 
they deem appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the Notes. 
Applicable Index  
The Final Terms for each Series of Notes will specify the Index which is applicable to that Series.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following Indices may be referenced by one or several Series of 
Notes.  
MarketVector Bitcoin VWAP Close Index (“MVBTCV”) 
Index Description 
MVBTCV is a rules based, modified capitalisation weighted index intended to give investors a means of 
tracking the overall performance of the leading digital asset regarding size, liquidity, legitimacy/quality and 
infrastructure. The intraday price, which is disseminated every 15 seconds, is based on a methodology which 
collects prices from several digital assets exchanges and weights them based on their liquidity. The closing 
price, disseminated at 16:00:00 PM CET is a volume weighted average of the last 60 minutes prior to close. 
Further information about MVBTCV e.g. with regards to the index methodology and changes of the index 
may be found on MarketVectormarketvector.com. 
The index was launched on 6 August 2020 with a base index value of 100.00 as of 31 December 2014. 
Index Provider 
MVBTCV is the exclusive property of MarketVector Indexes GmbH (“MarketVector”), having its registered 
office at Voltastr. 1, 60486 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Van Eck Associates 
Corporation, having its registered office at 666 3rd Avenue, 10017 NY, NY, the United States of America, 
which has contracted with CCData to maintain and calculate the Index. CCData uses its best efforts to ensure 
that the index is calculated correctly. Irrespective of its obligations towards MarketVector, CCData has no 
obligation to point out errors in the index to third parties. 
Index Rebalancing 
MVBTCV is reconstituted and rebalanced monthly. 
The rebalancing follows the defined Review procedure by the Index Provider: 
The reviews for all indices are based on the (adjusted) closing data on the fifth but last business day in that 
month. If a digital asset does not trade on a business day, then the last available price for this digital asset 
will be used. 
A “business day” means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open 
for business in Frankfurt, Germany. 
Adjustments to constituents will be announced four business days prior to the first business day of the next 
month at 23:00 CET. 
Indices are rebalanced at 16:00:00 CET of the last trading day in each month.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
The above is a summary of the rules of MVBTCV only.  The complete set of rules of MVBTCV and 
information on the performance of such Index are freely accessible on the Index Administrator’s 
website: marketvector.com 
 
MarketVector Ethereum VWAP Close Index (“MVETH”) 
Index Description 
The MarketVector Ethereum Index is designed to track the performance of an Ethereum digital asset. There 
is no component other than Ethereum in the index. 
In case of a hard fork, which results in several active lines, rule 5.2.1 applies. The spun-off coin will be 
removed one day after the effective date (when a price and the main net is available) until the number of 
components is 1 again. In the unlikely event a spun-off coin is larger than Ethereum (by market capitalisation) 
and is in general accepted as the successor of the original chain, the index owner might decide to keep it as 
the only index component. 
The index is calculated daily between 00:00 and 24:00 (CET) and the index values are disseminated to data 
vendors every 15 seconds. The index is disseminated in USD and the closing value is calculated at 17:00:00 
GMT with fixed 17:00 GMT exchange rates. 
Adjustments to constituents will be announced four business days prior to the first business day of the next 
month at 23:00 CET. 
The MarketVector Ethereum Index has the following identifiers: 
Index Type  
 
ISIN  
 
 
SEDOL  
WKN   
Bloomberg  
Reuters 
Price Return Index  
DE000SL0CAC6  
BN6HR93  
SL0CAC  
MVETHV 
.MVETHV 
The index was launched on 13 January 2021 with a base index value of 10.00 as of 31 December 2015. 
Index Provider 
MVETH is the exclusive property of MarketVector Indexes GmbH(“MarketVector”), having its registered 
office at Voltastr. 1, 60486 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Van Eck Associates 
Corporation, having its registered office at 666 3rd Avenue, 10017 NY, NY, the United States of America, 
which has contracted with CCData to maintain and calculate the Index. CCData uses its best efforts to ensure 
that the index is calculated correctly. Irrespective of its obligations towards MarketVector, CCData has no 
obligation to point out errors in the index to third parties. 
Index Rebalancing 
The Index is rebalanced at 16:00:00 CET of the last trading day of each month. 
The reviews for all indices are based on the (adjusted) closing data on the fifth but last business day in that 
month. If a digital asset does not trade on a business day, then the last available price for this digital asset 
will be used. 
A “business day” means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open 
for business in Frankfurt, Germany. 
The above is a summary of the rules of MVETH only.  The complete set of rules of MVETH and 
information on the performance of such Index are freely accessible on the Index Administrator’s 
website:  marketvector.com. 
 
MarketVector Polkadot VWAP Close Index (MVDOTV) 
Index Description 
The MarketVector Polkadot VWAP Close Index is designed to track the performance of a Polkadot digital 
asset. There is no component other than Polkadot in the index. 
In case of a hard fork, which results in several active lines, rule 5.2.1 applies. The spun-off coin will be 
removed one day after the effective date (when a price and the main net is available) until the number of 
components is 1 again. In the unlikely event a spun-off coin is larger than Polkadot (by market capitalisation)

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
and is in general accepted as the successor of the original chain, the index owner might decide to keep it as 
the only index component. 
The index is calculated daily between 00:00 and 24:00 (CET) and the index values are disseminated to data 
vendors every 15 seconds. The index is disseminated in USD and the closing value is calculated at 16:00:00 
CET based on 1h volume weighted average prices (VWAPs) between 15:00 and 16:00 CET. The VWAPs 
are calculated with CCCAGG prices. 
Adjustments to constituents will be announced four business days prior to the first business day of the next 
month at 23:00 CET. 
The MarketVector Polkadot VWAP Close Index has the following identifiers: 
Index Type  
 
ISIN  
 
 
SEDOL  
WKN   
Bloomberg  
Reuters 
Price Return Index  
DE000SL0DMZ0  
BMC2PJ1  
SL0DMZ  
MVDOTV          .MVDOTV 
The index was launched on 30 June 2021 with a base index value of 100.00 as of 30 September 2020. 
Index Provider 
MVDOTV is the exclusive property of MarketVector Indexes GmbH(“MarketVector”), having its registered 
office at Voltastr. 1, 60486 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Van Eck Associates 
Corporation, having its registered office at 666 3rd Avenue, 10017 NY, NY, the United States of America, 
which has contracted with CCData to maintain and calculate the Index. CCData uses its best efforts to ensure 
that the index is calculated correctly. Irrespective of its obligations towards MarketVector, CCData has no 
obligation to point out errors in the index to third parties. 
Index Rebalancing 
The Index is rebalanced at 16:00:00 CET of the last trading day of each month. 
The reviews for all indices are based on the (adjusted) closing data on the fifth but last business day in that 
month. If a digital asset does not trade on a business day, then the last available price for this digital asset 
will be used. 
A “business day” means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open 
for business in Frankfurt, Germany. 
The above is a summary of the rules of MVDOTV only.  The complete set of rules of MVDOTV and 
information on the performance of such Index are freely accessible on the Index Administrator’s 
website: marketvector.com. 
 
MarketVector Solana VWAP Close Index (MVSOLV) 
Index Description 
The MarketVector Solana VWAP Close Index is designed to track the performance of a Solana digital asset. 
There is no component other than Solana in the index. 
In case of a hard fork, which results in several active lines, rule 5.2.1 applies. The spun-off coin will be 
removed one day after the effective date (when a price and the main net is available) until the number of 
components is 1 again. In the unlikely event a spun-off coin is larger than Solana (by market capitalisation) 
and is in general accepted as the successor of the original chain, the index owner might decide to keep it as 
the only index component. 
The index is calculated daily between 00:00 and 24:00 (CET) and the index values are disseminated to data 
vendors every 15 seconds. The index is disseminated in USD and the closing value is calculated at 16:00:00 
CET based on 1h volume weighted average prices (VWAPs) between 15:00 and 16:00 CET. The VWAPs 
are calculated with CCCAGG prices. 
Adjustments to constituents will be announced four business days prior to the first business day of the next 
month at 23:00 CET.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
The MarketVector Solana VWAP Close Index has the following identifiers: 
Index Type  
 
ISIN  
 
 
SEDOL  
WKN   
Bloomberg  
Reuters 
Price Return Index         DE000SL0DMY3           BMC2P79  
 SL0DMY  
MVSOL             .MVSOLV 
The index was launched on 30 June 2021 with a base index value of 10.00 as of 31 July 2020. 
Index Provider 
MVSOLV is the exclusive property of MarketVector Indexes GmbH(“MarketVector”), having its registered 
office at Voltastr. 1, 60486 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Van Eck Associates 
Corporation, having its registered office at 666 3rd Avenue, 10017 NY, NY, the United States of America, 
which has contracted with CCData to maintain and calculate the Index. CCData uses its best efforts to ensure 
that the index is calculated correctly. Irrespective of its obligations towards MarketVector, CCData has no 
obligation to point out errors in the index to third parties. 
Index Rebalancing 
The Index is rebalanced at 16:00:00 CET of the last trading day of each month. 
The reviews for all indices are based on the (adjusted) closing data on the fifth but last business day in that 
month. If a digital asset does not trade on a business day, then the last available price for this digital asset 
will be used. 
A “business day” means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open 
for business in Frankfurt, Germany. 
The above is a summary of the rules of MVSOLV only.  The complete set of rules of MVSOLV and 
information on the performance of such Index are freely accessible on the Index Administrator’s 
website: MarketVectormarketvector.com. 
 
MarketVector TRON VWAP Close Index (MVTRXV) 
Index Description 
The MarketVector TRON VWAP Close Index is designed to track the performance of a TRON digital asset. 
There is no component other than TRON in the index. 
In case of a hard fork, which results in several active lines, rule 5.2.1 applies. The spun-off coin will be 
removed one day after the effective date (when a price and the main net is available) until the number of 
components is 1 again. In the unlikely event a spun-off coin is larger than TRON (by market capitalisation) 
and is in general accepted as the successor of the original chain, the index owner might decide to keep it as 
the only index component. 
The index is calculated daily between 00:00 and 24:00 (CET) and the index values are disseminated to data 
vendors every 15 seconds. The index is disseminated in USD and the closing value is calculated at 16:00:00 
CET based on 1h volume weighted average prices (VWAPs) between 15:00 and 16:00 CET. The VWAPs 
are calculated with CCCAGG prices. 
Adjustments to constituents will be announced four business days prior to the first business day of the next 
month at 23:00 CET. 
The MarketVector TRON VWAP Close Index has the following identifiers: 
Index Type  
 
ISIN  
 
 
SEDOL  
WKN   
Bloomberg  
Reuters 
Price Return Index  
DE000SL0DM05  
BMC2PK2  
SL0DM0  
MVTRXV           .MVTRXV 
 
The index was launched on 30 June 2021 with a base index value of 100.00 as of 31 December 2018. 
Index Provider 
MVTRXV is the exclusive property of MarketVector Indexes GmbH(“MarketVector”), having its registered 
office at Voltastr. 1, 60486 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Van Eck Associates 
Corporation, having its registered office at 666 3rd Avenue, 10017 NY, NY, the United States of America, 
which has contracted with CCData to maintain and calculate the Index. CCData uses its best efforts to ensure

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
that the index is calculated correctly. Irrespective of its obligations towards MarketVector, CCData has no 
obligation to point out errors in the index to third parties. 
Index Rebalancing 
The Index is rebalanced at 16:00:00 CET of the last trading day of each month. 
The reviews for all indices are based on the (adjusted) closing data on the fifth but last business day in that 
month. If a digital asset does not trade on a business day, then the last available price for this digital asset 
will be used. 
A “business day” means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open 
for business in Frankfurt, Germany. 
The above is a summary of the rules of MVTRXV only.  The complete set of rules of MVTRXV and 
information on the performance of such Index are freely accessible on the Index Administrator’s 
website: marketvector.com. 
 
Benchmark Regulation  
Under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark Regulation”), benchmark administrators should apply for 
authorisation or registration as an administrator before 1 January 2020. Upon such authorisation or 
registration, the benchmark administrator or the benchmark will appear on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Indices applying on the Series of Notes issued under this Base 
Prospectus are benchmarks with an administrator indicated in the ESMA register within the meaning of the 
Benchmark Regulation.  
Additional Indices 
The Issuer may from time to time issue other Notes which seek to replicate, to the extent practicable the 
composition of an Index other than those listed above. The Final Terms for each Series of Notes will specify 
the Index which is applicable to that Series.  
 
MarketVector Avalanche VWAP Close Index 
 
The MarketVector Avalanche VWAP Close Index is designed to track the performance of an Avalanche 
digital asset. There is no component other than Avalanche in the index. 
In case of a hard fork, which results in several active lines, rule 5.2 applies. The spun-off coin will be removed 
one day after the effective date (when a price and the main net is available) until the number of components 
is 1 again. In the unlikely event a spun-off coin is larger than Avalanche (by market capitalization) and is in 
general accepted as the successor of the original chain, the index owner might decide to keep it as the only 
index component. 
 
The index is calculated daily between 00:00 and 24:00 (CET) and the index values are disseminated to 
data vendors every 15 seconds. The index is disseminated in USD and the closing value is calculated at 
16:00:00 CET based on 1h volume weighted average prices (VWAPs) between 15:00 and 16:00 CET. The 
VWAPs are calculated with CCIX prices. 
 
Adjustments to constituents will be announced four business days prior to the first business day of the 
next month at 23:00 CET. 
 
The Index is rebalanced at 16:00:00 CET of the last trading day of each month. 
 
The MarketVector™ Avalanche VWAP Close Index has the following identifiers: 
Index Type  
 
ISIN  
 
 
SEDOL  
WKN   
Bloomberg  
Reuters 
Price Return Index  
DE000SL0D976  
BLH3DH6          SL0D97  
MVAVAXV      .MVAVAXV

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
The index was launched on 18 November 2021 with a base index value of 10.00 as of 30 September 2020. 
 
Index Provider 
 
MVAVAXV is the exclusive property of MarketVector Indexes GmbH(“MarketVector”), having its registered 
office at Voltastr. 1, 60486 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Van Eck Associates 
Corporation, having its registered office at 666 3rd Avenue, 10017 NY, NY, the United States of America, 
which has contracted with CCData to maintain and calculate the Index. CCData uses its best efforts to ensure 
that the index is calculated correctly. Irrespective of its obligations towards MarketVector, CCData has no 
obligation to point out errors in the index to third parties. 
 
Index Rebalancing 
The index is rebalanced monthly. 
The reviews is based on the opening data on the fourth but last business day in that month. If a security 
does not trade on a business day, then the last available price for this security will be used. 
A “business day” means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in Frankfurt. 
 
Adjustments to constituents will be announced four business days prior to the first business day of the 
next month at 23:00 CET. 
The index is rebalanced after closing of the last trading day in each month. 
 
The above is a summary of the rules of MVAVAXV only.  The complete set of rules of MVAVAXV and 
information on the performance of such Index are freely accessible on the Index Administrator’s 
website: marketvector.com. 
 
Benchmark Regulation  
Under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark Regulation”), benchmark administrators should apply for 
authorisation or registration as an administrator before 1 January 2020. Upon such authorisation or 
registration, the benchmark administrator or the benchmark will appear on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Indices applying on the Series of Notes issued under this Base 
Prospectus are benchmarks with an administrator indicated in the ESMA register within the meaning of the 
Benchmark Regulation.  
Additional Indices 
The Issuer may from time to time issue other Notes which seek to replicate, to the extent practicable the 
composition of an Index other than those listed above. The Final Terms for each Series of Notes will specify 
the Index which is applicable to that Series.  
 
MarketVector Avalanche VWAP Close Index 
 
The MarketVector Polygon VWAP Close Index is designed to track the performance of a Polygon digital 
asset. There is no component other than Polygon in the index. 
In case of a hard fork, which results in several active lines, rule 5.2 applies. The spun-off coin will be removed 
one day after the effective date (when a price and the main net is available) until the number of components 
is 1 again. In the unlikely event a spun-off coin is larger than Polygon (by market capitalization) and is in 
general accepted as the successor of the original chain, the index owner might decide to keep it as the only 
index component. 
 
The index is calculated daily between 00:00 and 24:00 (CET) and the index values are disseminated to data 
vendors every 15 seconds. The index is disseminated in USD and the closing value is calculated at 16:00:00 
CET based on 1h volume weighted average prices (VWAPs) between 15:00 and 16:00 CET. The VWAPs 
are calculated with CCIX prices.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
Adjustments to constituents will be announced four business days prior to the first business day of the 
next month at 23:00 CET. 
 
The Index is rebalanced at 16:00:00 CET of the last trading day of each month. 
 
The MarketVector™ Polygon VWAP Close Index has the following identifiers: 
 
Index Type  
 
ISIN  
 
 
SEDOL  
WKN   
Bloomberg  
Reuters 
Price Return Index  
DE000SL0D984  
BLH3DM1 
SL0D98  
MVMATICV  .MVMATICV 
 
The index was launched on 18 November 2021 with a base index value of 100.00 as of 30 September 
2020. 
 
Index Provider 
 
MVMATICV is the exclusive property of MarketVector Indexes GmbH(“MarketVector”), having its registered 
office at Voltastr. 1, 60486 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Van Eck Associates 
Corporation, having its registered office at 666 3rd Avenue, 10017 NY, NY, the United States of America, 
which has contracted with CCData to maintain and calculate the Index. CCData uses its best efforts to ensure 
that the index is calculated correctly. Irrespective of its obligations towards MarketVector, CCData has no 
obligation to point out errors in the index to third parties. 
 
Index Rebalancing 
The index is rebalanced monthly. 
The reviews is based on the opening data on the fourth but last business day in that month. If a security 
does not trade on a business day, then the last available price for this security will be used. A “business day” 
means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in Frankfurt. 
 
Adjustments to constituents will be announced four business days prior to the first business day of the 
next month at 23:00 CET. 
 
The index is rebalanced after closing of the last trading day in each month. 
 
The above is a summary of the rules of MVMATICV only.  The complete set of rules of MVMATICV and 
information on the performance of such Index are freely accessible on the Index Administrator’s 
website: marketvector.com. 
 
Benchmark Regulation  
Under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark Regulation”), benchmark administrators should apply for 
authorisation or registration as an administrator before 1 January 2020. Upon such authorisation or 
registration, the benchmark administrator or the benchmark will appear on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Indices applying on the Series of Notes issued under this Base 
Prospectus are benchmarks with an administrator indicated in the ESMA register within the meaning of the 
Benchmark Regulation.  
Additional Indices 
The Issuer may from time to time issue other Notes which seek to replicate, to the extent practicable the 
composition of an Index other than those listed above. The Final Terms for each Series of Notes will specify 
the Index which is applicable to that Series.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
MarketVector Crypto Leaders VWAP Close Index 
The MarketVector Crypto Leaders VWAP Close Index is designed to track the performance of the largest and 
most liquid digital assets. All assets must be listed on at least one of the top 15 exchanges by CCData’s 
Exchange Benchmark and are screened for invertibility. The 30% capping scheme as described in section 
3.1 is applied. 
 
Review procedure: 
The index universe is defined as the components of the MarketVector™ Digital Assets 10 Index (MVDA10). 
The components of the MVDA10 are screened in accordance with the custodian specifications applicable to 
the client and the approvals by the relevant stock exchanges. (The index does not include crypto  assets that 
are not accepted by the Swiss Stock Exchange (SIX) and Deutsche Börse AG as an underlying.) Information 
is provided by the respective 3rd party partners of the client. All constituents of the 
MVDA10 which pass these screens qualify as index components. 
In case of a hard fork, which results in several active lines, rule 5.2 applies. 
 
The index is calculated daily between 00:00 and 24:00 (CET) and the index values are disseminated to 
data vendors every 15 seconds. The index is disseminated in USD and the closing value is calculated at 
16:00:00 CET based on 1h volume weighted average prices (VWAPs) between 15:00 and 16:00 CET. The 
VWAPs are calculated with CCIX prices. 
 
Adjustments to constituents will be announced four business days prior to the first business day of the 
next month at 23:00 CET. 
 
The components of this index are reviewed on a quarterly basis and rebalanced at 16:00:00 CET of the 
last trading day of February, May, August and November. 
 
The MarketVector™ Crypto Leaders VWAP Close Index has the following identifiers: 
Index Type  
 
ISIN  
 
 
SEDOL  
WKN   
Bloomberg  
Reuters 
Price Return Index         DE000SL0EAN9  
BMHYR29 
SL0EAN  
MVLEADV      .MVLEADV 
 
 
The index was launched on 7 December 2021 with a base index value of 100.00 as of 31 December 2018. 
 
Index Rebalancing 
 
The index is rebalanced quarterly. 
The reviews is based on the opening data on the fourth but last business day in that month. If a security 
does not trade on a business day, then the last available price for this security will be used. 
A “business day” means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in Frankfurt. 
 
Adjustments to constituents will be announced four business days prior to the first business day of the 
next month at 23:00 CET. 
 
The index is rebalanced after closing of the last trading day in February, May, August and November. 
 
The above is a summary of the rules of MVLEADV only.  The complete set of rules of MVLEADV and 
information on the performance of such Index are freely accessible on the Index Administrator’s 
website: marketvector.com. 
 
Benchmark Regulation  
Under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark Regulation”), benchmark administrators should apply for 
authorisation or registration as an administrator before 1 January 2020. Upon such authorisation or 
registration, the benchmark administrator or the benchmark will appear on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Indices applying on the Series of Notes issued under this Base 
Prospectus are benchmarks with an administrator indicated in the ESMA register within the meaning of the 
Benchmark Regulation.  
Additional Indices 
The Issuer may from time to time issue other Notes which seek to replicate, to the extent practicable the 
composition of an Index other than those listed above. The Final Terms for each Series of Notes will specify 
the Index which is applicable to that Series.  
 
MarketVector Algorand VWAP Close Index 
 
The MarketVector Algorand VWAP Close Index is designed to track the performance of a Algorand 
digital asset. There is no component other than Algorand in the index. 
In case of a hard fork, which results in several active lines, rule 5.2 applies. The spun-off coin will be removed 
one day after the effective date (when a price and the main net is available) until the number of components 
is 1 again. In the unlikely event a spun-off coin is larger than Algorand (by market capitalization) and is in 
general accepted as the successor of the original chain, the index owner might decide to keep it as the only 
index component. 
 
The index is calculated daily between 00:00 and 24:00 (CET) and the index values are disseminated to 
data vendors every 15 seconds. The index is disseminated in USD and the closing value is calculated at 
16:00:00 CET based on 1h volume weighted average prices (VWAPs) between 15:00 and 16:00 CET. The 
VWAPs are calculated with CCIX prices. 
 
Adjustments to constituents will be announced four business days prior to the first business day of the 
next month at 23:00 CET. 
 
The Index is rebalanced at 16:00:00 CET of the last trading day of each month. 
The MarketVector™ Algorand VWAP Close Index has the following identifiers: 
 
Index Type  
 
ISIN  
 
 
SEDOL  
WKN   
Bloomberg  
Reuters 
Price Return Index  
DE000SL0EAN9  
BMHYR29 
SL0EAN  
MVLEADV     .MVLEADV 
 
The index was launched on 22 December 2021 with a base index value of 100.00 as of 30 June 2019. 
 
Index Rebalancing 
 
The index is rebalanced monthly. 
The reviews is based on the opening data on the fourth but last business day in that month. If a security 
does not trade on a business day, then the last available price for this security will be used. 
A “business day” means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in Frankfurt. 
 
Adjustments to constituents will be announced four business days prior to the first business day of the 
next month at 23:00 CET. 
The index is rebalanced after closing of the last trading day in each month. 
 
The above is a summary of the rules of MVALGOV only.  The complete set of rules of MVALGOV and 
information on the performance of such Index are freely accessible on the Index Administrator’s 
website: marketvector.com. 
 
Benchmark Regulation  
Under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark Regulation”), benchmark administrators should apply for 
authorisation or registration as an administrator before 1 January 2020. Upon such authorisation or 
registration, the benchmark administrator or the benchmark will appear on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Indices applying on the Series of Notes issued under this Base 
Prospectus are benchmarks with an administrator indicated in the ESMA register within the meaning of the 
Benchmark Regulation.  
Additional Indices 
The Issuer may from time to time issue other Notes which seek to replicate, to the extent practicable the 
composition of an Index other than those listed above. The Final Terms for each Series of Notes will specify 
the Index which is applicable to that Series.  
 
MarketVector FTX Token VWAP Close Index 
 
The MarketVector™ FTX Token VWAP Close Index is designed to track the performance of the FTX Token 
digital asset. There is no component other than the FTX Token in the index. 
In case of a hard fork, which results in several active lines, rule 5.2 applies. The spun-off coin will be removed 
one day after the effective date (when a price and the main net is available) until the number of components 
is 1 again. In the unlikely event a spun-off coin is larger than the FTX Token (by market capitalization) and is 
in general accepted as the successor of the original chain, the index owner might 
decide to keep it as the only index component. 
 
The index is calculated daily between 00:00 and 24:00 (CET) and the index values are disseminated to 
data vendors every 15 seconds. The index is disseminated in USD and the closing value is calculated at 
16:00:00 CET based on 1h volume weighted average prices (VWAPs) between 15:00 and 16:00 CET. The 
VWAPs are calculated with CCCAGG prices. 
 
Adjustments to constituents will be announced four business days prior to the first business day of the 
next month at 23:00 CET. 
 
The Index is rebalanced at 16:00:00 CET of the last trading day of each month. 
 
The MarketVector™ FTX Token VWAP Close Index has the following identifiers: 
Index Type  
 
ISIN  
 
 
SEDOL  
WKN   
Bloomberg  
Reuters 
Price Return Index  
DE000SL0EYW0  
BNZHQN1 
SL0EYW  
MVFTTV        .MVFTTV 
 
The index was launched on 22 December 2021 with a base index value of 100.00 as of 29 February 2020. 
 
Index Rebalancing 
 
The index is rebalanced monthly. 
The reviews is based on the opening data on the fourth but last business day in that month. If a security 
does not trade on a business day, then the last available price for this security will be used. 
 
A “business day” means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in Frankfurt. 
 
Adjustments to constituents will be announced four business days prior to the first business day of the 
next month at 23:00 CET. 
The index is rebalanced after closing of the last trading day in each month. 
 
The above is a summary of the rules of MVFTTV only.  The complete set of rules of MVFTTV and 
information on the performance of such Index are freely accessible on the Index Administrator’s 
website: marketvector.com. 
 
Benchmark Regulation  
Under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark Regulation”), benchmark administrators should apply for 
authorisation or registration as an administrator before 1 January 2020. Upon such authorisation or

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
registration, the benchmark administrator or the benchmark will appear on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Indices applying on the Series of Notes issued under this Base 
Prospectus are benchmarks with an administrator indicated in the ESMA register within the meaning of the 
Benchmark Regulation.  
Additional Indices 
The Issuer may from time to time issue other Notes which seek to replicate, to the extent practicable the 
composition of an Index other than those listed above. The Final Terms for each Series of Notes will specify 
the Index which is applicable to that Series.  
 
MarketVector Chainlink VWAP Close Index 
 
The MarketVector™ Chainlink VWAP Close Index is designed to track the performance of a Chainlink 
digital asset. There is no component other than Chainlink in the index. 
In case of a hard fork, which results in several active lines, rule 5.2 applies. The spun-off coin will be removed 
one day after the effective date (when a price and the main net is available) until the number of components 
is 1 again. In the unlikely event a spun-off coin is larger than Terra (by market capitalization) and is in general 
accepted as the successor of the original chain, the index owner might decide to keep it as the only index 
component. 
 
The index is calculated daily between 00:00 and 24:00 (CET) and the index values are disseminated to 
data vendors every 15 seconds. The index is disseminated in USD and the closing value is calculated at 
16:00:00 CET based on 1h volume weighted average prices (VWAPs) between 15:00 and 16:00 CET. The 
VWAPs are calculated with CCIX prices. 
 
Adjustments to constituents will be announced four business days prior to the first business day of the 
next month at 23:00 CET. 
 
The Index is rebalanced at 16:00:00 CET of the last trading day of each month. 
 
The MarketVector™ Chainlink VWAP Close Index has the following identifiers: 
 
Index Type  
 
ISIN  
 
 
SEDOL  
WKN   
Bloomberg  
Reuters 
Price Return Index  
DE000SL0FCZ6  
BPLFF03 
SL0FCZ  
MVLINKV         .MVLINKV 
 
Index Rebalancing 
 
The index is rebalanced monthly. 
The reviews is based on the opening data on the fourth but last business day in that month. If a security 
does not trade on a business day, then the last available price for this security will be used. 
 
A “business day” means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in Frankfurt. 
 
Adjustments to constituents will be announced four business days prior to the first business day of the 
next month at 23:00 CET. 
 
The index is rebalanced after closing of the last trading day in each month. 
 
The above is a summary of the rules of MVLINKV only.  The complete set of rules of MVLINKV and 
information on the performance of such Index are freely accessible on the Index Administrator’s 
website: marketvector.com.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
Benchmark Regulation  
Under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark Regulation”), benchmark administrators should apply for 
authorisation or registration as an administrator before 1 January 2020. Upon such authorisation or 
registration, the benchmark administrator or the benchmark will appear on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Indices applying on the Series of Notes issued under this Base 
Prospectus are benchmarks with an administrator indicated in the ESMA register within the meaning of the 
Benchmark Regulation.  
Additional Indices 
The Issuer may from time to time issue other Notes which seek to replicate, to the extent practicable the 
composition of an Index other than those listed above. The Final Terms for each Series of Notes will specify 
the Index which is applicable to that Series.  
 
MarketVector Smart Contract Leaders VWAP Close 
 
The MarketVector™ Smart Contract Leaders VWAP Close Index is designed to track the performance 
of the largest and most liquid smart contract assets. All assets on the selection list must be listed on at 
least one of the top 15 exchanges by CCData’s Exchange Benchmark. The 30% capping scheme 
as described in section 3.1 is applied. 
 
The index is derived from the MarketVector™ Digital Assets 100 Index (MVDA). The digital assets, which 
fulfil the following criteria, qualify for the index universe: 
 
• 
new components of MarketVector™ Digital Assets 100 Index (MVDA). 
• 
classified as ”smart contract platforms” by MarketVector™ Indexes. 
 
In case the number of components qualifying for the index universe is below 10, additional assets classified 
as ”smart contract platforms” are selected from the MVDA universe with an average-daily-trading value of at 
least 1,000,000 USD for the current month. These assets are sorted by market capitalization in descending 
order and selected top to bottom until the number of assets in the index universe equals 10. 
If the number of eligible assets is still below 10, additional assets are added by the Index Owner’s decision 
until the number of assets equals 10. 
 
All qualified digital assets must not carry short term security risks (e.g. 51% attacks). 
The assets in the index universe are screened in accordance with the custodian specifications applicable 
to the client and the index does not include crypto assets that are not accepted by Deutsche Börse AG as an 
underlying. Information is provided by the respective 3rd party partners of the client. 
Current components, which fulfil the listing criteria, qualify for the selection list with: 
 
• 
a market capitalization of at least 800,000,000 USD, 
• 
an average daily-trading value of at least 20,000,000 USD. 
 
Components fulfilling the universe criteria above qualify for the selection list with: 
• 
a market capitalization of at least 1,000,000,000 USD, 
• 
 an average-daily-trading value of at least 25,000,000 USD, 
• 
 Approved availability of custodians by the Index Owner. 
 
Review procedure: 
 
1. The selection list contains all assets which fulfil the universe and listing criteria as described above. 
If there are no sufficient non-components which fulfil the custodian specifications, market capitalization and 
liquidity criteria, then only the components that fulfil these criteria will be considered. 
2. The selection list is ranked by market capitalization in descending order (the largest constituent 
receives rank “1”). 
3. The top 7 digital assets qualify for selection. 
4. The remaining 3 components are selected from the highest ranked remaining index components

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
ranked between 8 and 13. 
5. If the number of selected components is below 10, then the highest ranked digital assets are selected until 
the number of components equals 10. If there are no sufficient non-components which 
fulfil the custodian specifications, market capitalization and liquidity criteria, then only the components that 
fulfil these criteria will be considered. In this case, number of components can be 
less than 10. 
In case of a hard fork, which results in several active lines, rule 5.2 applies. 
 
The index is calculated daily between 00:00 and 24:00 (CET) and the index values are disseminated to data 
vendors every 15 seconds. The index is disseminated in USD and the closing value is calculated at 16:00:00 
CET based on 1h volume weighted average prices (VWAPs) between 15:00 and 16:00 CET. The 
VWAPs are calculated with CCIX prices. 
 
Adjustments to constituents will be announced four business days prior to the first business day of the 
next month at 23:00 CET. 
 
The components of this index are reviewed on a quarterly basis and rebalanced at 16:00:00 CET of the 
last trading day of February, May, August and November. 
 
The MarketVector™ Smart Contract Leaders VWAP Close Index has the following identifiers: 
Index Type  
 
ISIN  
 
 
SEDOL  
WKN   
Bloomberg  
Reuters 
Price Return Index  
DE000SL0FCY9 
BPLFDZ4 
SL0FCY 
MVSCLEV      .MVSCLEV 
 
The index was launched on 07 March 2022 with a base index value of 100.00 as of 31 December 2018. 
 
Index Rebalancing 
 
The index is rebalanced quarterly. 
The reviews is based on the opening data on the fourth but last business day in that month. If a security 
does not trade on a business day, then the last available price for this security will be used. 
 
A “business day” means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in Frankfurt. 
 
Adjustments to constituents will be announced four business days prior to the first business day of the next 
month at 23:00 CET. 
 
The index is rebalanced after closing of the last trading day in February, May, August and November. 
 
The above is a summary of the rules of MVSCLEV only.  The complete set of rules of MVSCLEV and 
information on the performance of such Index are freely accessible on the Index Administrator’s 
website: marketvector.com. 
 
Benchmark Regulation  
Under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark Regulation”), benchmark administrators should apply for 
authorisation or registration as an administrator before 1 January 2020. Upon such authorisation or 
registration, the benchmark administrator or the benchmark will appear on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Indices applying on the Series of Notes issued under this Base 
Prospectus are benchmarks with an administrator indicated in the ESMA register within the meaning of the 
Benchmark Regulation.  
Additional Indices 
The Issuer may from time to time issue other Notes which seek to replicate, to the extent practicable the 
composition of an Index other than those listed above. The Final Terms for each Series of Notes will specify 
the Index which is applicable to that Series.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE DIGITAL ASSETS 
The information in this section of the Base Prospectus has been extracted from public information and has 
been reproduced on the basis of information available to the Issuer. Such information has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is able to ascertain from such information, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The delivery of this Base 
Prospectus at any time does not imply any representation on the part of the Issuer, any other Series Party or 
any other person that any information contained therein is correct at any time subsequent to the date of this 
Base Prospectus.  
Each Series of Notes is intended to replicate, to the extent practicable the composition of the relevant Index 
which is linked to the daily performance of one or more digital assets. Investors of each Series of the Notes 
are entitled to receive a defined number of digital assets out of a portfolio of assets (the “Series Assets”) 
in kind.  
A general overview of digital assets together with a description of a small selection of digital assets appears 
below.  
Structure of digital assets 
 
Digital assets are not issued by any government, bank or central organisation in the same way as fiat 
currencies or traditional assets such as shares or bonds, and instead exist on an online, peer-to-peer network 
(the “Network”) that hosts a public transaction ledger where digital assets transactions are recorded. When 
a transaction (i.e. transfer of digital assets between two digital wallets, or from one digital asset owner to 
another) is made, it is signed by the owner’s encrypted electronic signature, as detailed below. Once signed, 
this transaction is then broadcasted to the Network through peer-to-peer technology. 
 
Each transaction is broadcast to the Network and recorded in a blockchain using a mining process. The 
blockchain (the “Blockchain”) is a public transaction ledger of the Network on which miners or mining pools 
solve algorithmic equations allowing them to add records of recent transactions (called “blocks”) to the chain 
of transactions in exchange for an award of the relevant digital asset from the Network and the payment of 
transaction fees, if any, from users whose transactions are recorded in the block being added. Miners use 
cryptographic technology to encrypt the identities of the digital assets owners and verify if the transaction is 
valid. This process ensures the legitimacy of the record keeping and prevents a malicious third party from 
adding fraudulent blocks to generate counterfeit digital assets or reversing prior transactions. 
 
A transaction between two parties will only be recorded in the Blockchain if that block is accepted by a majority 
of the nodes in the Network. Validation will be achieved by confirming the cryptographic hash value included 
in the block’s solution and by the block’s addition to the longest confirmed Blockchain on the Network. Each 
block contains a reference to the immediately preceding block, therefore additional blocks incorporated into 
the Blockchain constitute additional confirmations of the transactions in the prior blocks. Inclusion in the 
Blockchain constitutes a confirmation of the transaction. Exchanges may set their own criteria in relation to 
how many confirmations are required until the funds transfer is confirmed as valid. 
 
A confirmed transaction is considered final and can no longer be reversed. It will then become part of the 
history of transactions in a Blockchain. 
 
Mining 
Mining is the process by which digital assets are created and transactions are verified. A miner or user can 
begin the mining process by downloading a software program which turns the user’s computer into a node 
on the Network that validates blocks. As each digital assets transaction is validated, new blocks are added 
to the Blockchain and new digital assets are issued to the miners.  
 
The miner must solve a complex computational algorithm in order to add a block to the Blockchain. Each 
block can only be solved and added to the Blockchain by one miner, therefore all miners are engaged in a 
competitive process of constantly increasing their computer power to improve their likelihood of solving the 
block. The miner’s proposed block will be added to the Blockchain once a majority of the nodes on the 
Network confirms the miner’s work. This process is called Proof of Work (“PoW”).

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
As compensation for successfully adding a block to the Blockchain, miners are automatically awarded a fixed 
amount of digital assets and / or any transaction fees paid by transferors whose transactions are recorded in 
the block. 
 
Staking 
Some digital assets networks rely on staking to validate block transactions. Instead of solving complex 
computational algorithms to add a block to the Blockchain, Proof of Stake (“PoS”) depends on a staking 
party’s economic stake in the network. New blocks to the Blockchain are added based on the percentage 
share a staking party holds compared to the total digital assets of that network outstanding. 
 
Trading digital assets 
Digital assets trading works like foreign exchange trading, only that digital assets are involved instead of 
actual foreign currencies. Digital assets can be traded through digital assets exchanges. These exchanges 
are websites where digital assets can be bought, sold and exchanged for other digital assets or actual 
currencies like USD, GBP, or EUR. 
 
There are three different types of digital assets exchanges, as follows: 
 
• 
Trading Platforms 
 
There are websites that connect different traders (i.e. buyers and sellers). They charge transaction 
fees for every trading transaction made. 
 
• 
Direct Trading 
 
This is a type of platform that allows direct person-to-person trading involving individuals from 
different countries. There is no fixed market price for direct digital assets trading. Sellers are permitted 
to set their own rate.  
 
• 
Brokers 
 
Like regular foreign exchange dealers, digital assets brokers set the price of digital assets that are 
being traded on their websites. 
 
Before engaging in a digital assets transaction, a user must first obtain a digital “wallet” in order to store the 
digital assets. A “wallet” is a software program that generates the relevant digital assets addresses and 
enables users to transfer digital assets with other users.  
 
A user may install certain digital assets programs on their computer which will generate a digital wallet. Users 
may own an unlimited number of digital wallets. Every wallet contains one or more unique addresses and a 
verification system for each address. Such verification system consists of both a “public” and “private” key, 
which are mathematically related. 
 
To transfer digital assets, the recipient of the digital assets will direct the transferor to send payment to the 
address generated by the recipient’s digital wallet or to the recipient’s public key, which encodes the payment 
and serves as an address for the digital wallet. The transferor will approve the transfer to the recipient by 
“signing” the transaction request with the “private key” of the address from where the transferor is transferring 
the digital asset. The “signing” is usually automated by software which runs the digital wallets of the recipient 
and transferor. The recipient of the digital asset will not disclose its private key to the transferor, as the private 
key provides access to, and the transfer of funds from the recipient’s wallet. The digital asset is then 
transferred from the transferor’s digital wallet to the recipient’s digital wallet and the transaction is validated 
on the Network.  
 
The Issuer may use a range of digital assets, some of which may not be known as of the date of this 
Prospectus. Among others, the Issuer may use the digital assets dealt with in the following. It is recommended 
that Investors familiarise themselves with digital assets forming (part of) the Series Assets of a specific 
product before investing in such product.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
Airdrop 
Airdrop is an unsolicited distribution of a cryptocurrency token or coin to numerous wallet addresses. Airdrops 
in the context of the Digital Assets refer to the distribution of crypto assets to existing holders of a particular 
Digital Asset. While Airdrops can be an exciting opportunity for investors to receive additional crypto assets, 
they also come with certain risks and requirements to perform certain activities or tasks in order to obtain the 
new crypto assets.  
Neither the Issuer nor the Custodian are obliged to participate in Airdrops. The Issuer as legal owner of the 
Digital Assets is entitled to receive any tokens form an Airdrop related to the Series Assets of a Note, the 
Issuer will hold these tokens if supported by the Custodian and at the Issuers sole discretion on a wallet which 
is securely segregated from the Digital Assets wallet related to the Note. Noteholders have no direct right 
with regard to the tokens or other proceeds from Airdrops.  
The Issuer is entitled to decide at its own discretion whether or not security will also be created over tokens 
resulting from Airdrops related to the Series Assets or Digital Assets resulting from Conversion of such 
Tokens. The risk, expected rewards and operative task associated with assessment of Airdrops, accepting 
Airdropped Tokens and the conversion must be determined and a decision with the reasonable use of its 
discretion must be made by the Issuer if the Airdrop will be accepted and how the Airdrop will be managed 
and dealt with in the best interest of Noteholders.  
If tokens from an Airdrop are supported by the Custodian and received for the account of the Issuer they may 
be converted by the issuer into the Digital Assets. The Issuer will aim at adding any Digital Assets resulting 
from an Airdrop to the Collateral held for the benefit of the relevant Series of Notes.  
 
Bitcoin 
 
Bitcoin was the very first digital asset and currently possesses the “first-to-market” advantage and has 
captured a majority of the industry’s market share (“Bitcoin”). Bitcoin was first created and released in 2009 
by Satoshi Nakamoto. Satoshi Nakamoto is thought to be a pseudonym for the inventor or the group of 
inventors responsible for the creation of Bitcoins. In January 2009, Mr. Nakamoto mined the first 50 Bitcoins, 
known as the genesis block. After the creation of the genesis block, the Bitcoin Network was initially formed 
mostly by a small group of early adopters. It started to gain traction approximately a year later and was quickly 
adopted by a vast peer-to-peer network.  
 
Bitcoins are not a fiat currency (i.e., a currency that is backed by a central bank or a national, supra-national 
or quasi-national organisation) and are not backed by hard assets or other credit. As a result, the value of 
Bitcoins is currently determined by the value that various market participants place on Bitcoins through their 
transactions.  
Due to the peer-to-peer framework of the Bitcoin Network and the protocols thereunder, transferors and 
recipients of Bitcoins are able to determine the value of the Bitcoins transferred by mutual agreement or 
barter with respect to their transactions. As a result, the most common means of determining the value of a 
Bitcoin is by surveying one or more Bitcoin exchanges where Bitcoins are bought, sold and traded. On each 
Bitcoin exchange, Bitcoins are traded with publicly disclosed valuations for each transaction, measured by 
one or more fiat currencies such as the USD or the EUR. Bitcoin price indexes have also been developed by 
a number of service providers in the Bitcoin space.  
The Bitcoin end-user-to-end-user ecosystem operates on a continuous, 24-hour per day basis. This is 
accomplished through decentralised peer-to-peer transactions between parties on a principal-to-principal 
basis. All risks and issues of credit are between the parties directly involved in the transaction. Liquidity can 
change from time to time during the course of a 24-hour trading day. Transaction costs, if any, are negotiable 
between the parties and may vary widely, although, where transaction fees are included, they are paid by the 
sending party in a Bitcoin transaction. There are currently no official designated market makers for Bitcoins 
and hence no standard transaction sizes, bid-offer spreads or typical known cost per transaction.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
Global Bitcoin Market 
Global trade in Bitcoins consists of individual end-user-to-end-user transactions, together with facilitated 
exchange-based Bitcoin trading. A limited market currently exists for Bitcoin-based derivatives.  
Bitcoin Exchange Market 
Online Bitcoin exchanges represent a substantial percentage of Bitcoin buying and selling activity and provide 
the most data with respect to prevailing valuations of Bitcoins. These exchanges include established 
exchanges such as Bitstamp, BTC-e, and Bitfinex, which provide a number of options for buying and selling 
Bitcoins.  
Ethereum 
Ether (“Ether” or “ETH”) is a digital assets whose Blockchain is generated by the Ethereum platform 
(“Ethereum”). Ethereum was initially described by Vitalik Buterin in late 2013 as a result of his research and 
work on the Bitcoin community. Subsequently, Vitalik published the Ethereum white paper which described 
the technical design and rationale for the Ethereum protocol and smart contracts architecture. Ethereum was 
formally announced by Vitalik at The North American Bitcoin Conference in Miami, Florida, in January 2014.  
The development of Ethereum was funded by a presale of Ether tokens. In July 2014, Ethereum distributed 
the initial allocation of Ether via a 42-day public Ether presale, worth $18,439,086 at the time in exchange for 
approximately 60,102,216 Ether.  
Ethereum is an open software platform based on Blockchain technology that enables developers to build and 
deploy decentralised applications. Like Bitcoin, Ethereum is a public Blockchain Network, however while the 
Bitcoin Blockchain is used to track ownership of Bitcoins, the Etherum Blockchain focuses on running the 
programming code of any decentralised application. In the Ethereum Blockchain, instead of mining for Bitcoin, 
validators stake Ethereum to earn staking rewards (in Ether). Ether is a type of crypto asset that fuels the 
Network and is also used by application developers to pay for transaction fees and services on the Ethereum 
Network. 
 
Ethereum Virtual Machine 
 
Before the creation of Ethereum, Blockchain applications were designed to exclusively operate as peer-to-
peer digital assets. Ethereum’s core innovation is the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM). EVM is a software 
that runs the Ethereum Network. Before EVM, an entirely new Blockchain would need to be built for each 
new application, however, EVM enables the development of thousands of different applications all on one 
platform. 
 
Decentralised platform 
 
Ethereum enables developers to build and deploy decentralised applications. As decentralised applications 
are made up of code that run on a Blockchain Network, they are not controlled by any individual or central 
entity. Any services that are centralised can be decentralised using Etherum. There are many advantages to 
the decentralised platform. As decentralised applications run on the Blockchain, a third party cannot make 
changes to the data. Applications are corruption and tamper proof and are secure. With no central point of 
failure and secured using cryptography, applications are protected against hacking or tampering activities. 
 
Solana (SOL) 
Overview of the Solana Network’s Operations 
 
Solana is a blockchain created in 2017 founded by former Qualcomm, Intel, and Dropbox engineers. It uses 
a delegated Proof-of-Stake (dPoS) consensus algorithm and its method of ordering transactions aims at 
improving its speed. Solana is one of the blockchain networks with increased scalability and a decentralised 
network with small confirmation times and transaction fees. According to Solana it has 400ms block times 
and can handle up to 65,000 transactions per second.  
Solana uses the Proof-of-History (PoH) approach and is therefore able to handle thousands of transactions 
per second.  PoH uses Verifiable Delay Functions to hash incoming events and transactions to allow nodes 
to locally generate timestamps of SHA256 computations, eliminating the need for timestamps to be 
broadcasted across the network.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
The SOL Token (SOL) 
 
The Solana blockchain has a native crypto asset , the SOL utility token. SOL is used to pay for transaction 
fees when moving funds around and interacting with smart contracts on the blockchain. 
Anyone holding SOL tokens can interact with applications on the network, the same way anyone holding ETH 
can interact with applications on the Ethereum blockchain. While Ethereum uses the ERC token protocol, 
Solana uses the SPL protocol. 
 
SOL has two main use cases: 
• 
It’s used to pay for transaction fees and to interact with smart contracts 
• 
It can be staked as part of the dPoS consensus mechanism to earn staking rewards. 
 
Apart from these two use cases, decentralised applications being built on top of the Solana blockchain create 
new ones. These applications may allow SOL to be used as collateral for crypto asset -backed loans, or to 
be lent out to earn interest. 
Polkadot (DOT) 
Polkadot development is on track to deliver a robust platform for security, scalability, and innovation. Currently, 
Polkadot is in the pre-phase of launch. Polkadot will enable cross-blockchain transfers of any type of data or 
asset, not just crypto assets. Connecting to Polkadot aims at giving users the ability to interoperate with a 
wide variety of blockchains in the Polkadot network. 
The DOT token serves three distinct purposes: governance over the network, staking, and bonding. 
TRON (TRX) 
Tron is a digital asset that is created and transmitted through the operations of the peer-to-peer Tron network, 
a decentralised network that operates on cryptographic protocols. No single entity owns or operates the Tron 
network, the infrastructure of which is collectively maintained by a decentralised user base. The Tron network 
allows people to exchange crypto assets of value, called Tron or TRX, which are recorded on a public 
transaction ledger known as the Blockchain. TRX can be converted to fiat currencies, such as the U.S. dollar, 
at rates determined on Digital Asset Trading Platforms or in individual end-user-to-end-user transactions 
under a barter system. The Tron project was started in July 2017 and the genesis block of the network 
launched in May 2020. 
 
Overview of the Tron Network’s Operations 
 
Tron is an open-source blockchain network designed to enable various separate blockchains to become 
interconnected, application-specific sub-chains. Tron employs a shared-security mechanism where TRX 
serves as the native token of the network. In the Tron model, one primary chain (the Relay Chain) is tasked 
with ensuring everything runs efficiently. It provides consensus and passes messages between its constituent 
chains (parachains), with blocks being produced once every six seconds.  Nominated Proof-of-Stake (NPoS) 
is the process of selecting validators to be allowed to participate in the consensus protocol.  The Relay Chain 
is composed of a relatively small number of transaction types that include ways to interact with the 
governance mechanism and participating in Nominated Proof of Stake. The Relay Chain has deliberately 
minimal functionality as the main responsibility is to coordinate the system, while other specific work is 
delegated to the parachains, which have differing implementations.   
 
In order to own, transfer or use TRX directly on the Tron network (as opposed to through an intermediary, 
such as a custodian), a person generally must have internet access to connect to the Tron network. Tron 
transactions may be made directly between end-users without the need for a third-party intermediary. To 
prevent the possibility of double-spending TRX, a user must notify the Tron network of the transaction by 
broadcasting the transaction data to its network peers. The Tron network provides confirmation against 
double-spending by memorialising every transaction in the Blockchain, which is publicly accessible and 
transparent. This memorialisation and verification against double-spending is accomplished through the Tron 
network staking process, which adds “blocks” of data, including recent transaction information, to the 
Blockchain. 
 
 
The Tron Token (TRX) 
 
The Tron network is decentralised and does not require governmental authorities or financial institution 
intermediaries to create, transmit, or determine the value of TRX.  The first function of TRX is to entitle holders

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
a manner of control for the governance of the platform. Some governance functions included are 
determination of network fees, the addition or removal of parachains, and exceptional events such as 
upgrades and fixes to the Tron platform.  TRX will be used to facilitate the consensus mechanism that 
underpins Tron. For the platform to function and allow for valid transactions to be carried out across 
parachains, participants can utilise TRX (via staking) to perform these functions. TRX Staking acts as a 
disincentive for malicious participants who will be punished by the network by getting their TRX slashed. 
Finally, TRX will have the ability to be locked for a duration in order to secure a parachain slot in the network. 
The TRX will be reserved during slot lease and will be released back to the account that reserved them after 
the duration of the lease has elapsed and the parachain is removed.  TRX can be obtained on the open 
market or by participating in TRX Staking. 
 
Polygon 
Polygon is a Layer 2 blockchain (previously known as Matic Network) and is one of the first successful scaling 
solutions for Ethereum. The core scaling solution provided by Polygon is the Polygon SDK, a modular 
development framework that allows developers to build a multitude of different types of applications. Besides 
the Polygon SDK, Polygon also provides open-source code that allows developers to create optimistic roll-
up blockchains, ZK (Zero-knowledge) blockchains and stand alone blockchains depending on the application 
requirements. Polygon Labs is the main entity that develops and maintains the codebase of it suite of tools, 
applications and networks.  
 
The MATIC Token and POL Token 
The MATIC token (soon to become POL) plays an important role in maintaining network security and 
decentralized governance of the protocol. The Polygon network is a Layer 2 scaling solution where POL 
(known as MATIC on Ethereum) is the native currency. The network has a Proof-of-Stake consensus 
mechanism which means that POL can be staked to earn rewards and help to secure the network. The 
transition from MATIC to POL is currently ongoing. MATIC tokens on the Polygon network will be 
automatically transitioned to POL while MATIC on the Ethereum network require to be manually swapped for 
POL tokens. The tokens are used as the base currency for all network interactions such as transactions, 
smart contract interactions and deployment. The MATIC token can be staked to help secure the network and 
earn staking rewards. 
 
Avalanche 
Avalanche is a Layer 1 blockchain and smart contract platform for decentralized applications and custom 
blockchains. Avalanche is one of the main competitors of Ethereum and aims to beat the leading smart 
contract platform by offering higher transaction throughput without compromising scalability or security. 
Avalanche can do this due to its unique architecture as the network is actually comprised of 3 different 
individual blockchains: the X-Chain (Exchange Chain), C-Chain (Contract) and P-Chain (Platform). Each 
chain serves a different purpose and run different consensus mechanisms based on their use-cases. The X-
chain is used to create and exchange native AVAX tokens and other assets. The C-Chain is used to host 
EVM compatible smart contracts. The P-Chain is coordinating network validators, tracks active subnets and 
allows the creation of new subnets. Ava Labs is the main entity that develops and maintains the codebase of 
the Avalanche network and suite of tools and applications. 
 
The AVAX Token 
The AVAX token is the native token of the Avalanche network and serves as the base currency for 
transactions, smart contract interactions and deployment. The AVAX token also serves as a governance 
tokens that allows token holders to participate in the decentralized governance of the protocol. The AVAX 
token can be staked to help secure the network and earn staking rewards. 
 
Chainlink  
Chainlink is a blockchain abstraction layer that allows for universally connected smart contracts. It achieves 
this using a decentralized oracle network which in turn allows independent blockchains to securely interact 
with external data feeds, events and payment methods. The Chainlink network is the leading provider of off-
chain data for the well-known smart contract platforms such as Ethereum. Its main application is using a large 
collection of node operators that provide a wide range of decentralized Price Feed oracle networks which are 
live and securing billions in USD value for well-known DeFi applications such as Aave, Compound and 
Synthetix. More recently, Chainlink also started offering other Web3 services such as cross-chain 
communication (CCIP), data streams and Chainlink Functions. 
 
The LINK Token 
The LINK token is a crucial part of Chainlink’s economic model, as LINK is the native currency used to pay 
for the operation of a wide variety of oracle services requested by smart contract developers. Users pay node

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
operators in LINK to access oracle services while data providers and network validators are rewarded in LINK. 
LINK can also be staked by token holders to help secure the network and make it more resilient. 
 
Algorand 
Algorand is a Layer 1 blockchain and smart contract platform. Algorand is the first blockchain to successfully 
run a pure Proof-of-Stake consensus mechanism and it was invented to improve efficiency and speed up 
transaction finality. The Algor and Foundation brought EVM compatibility to the Algorand Mainnet to enhance 
scaling and interoperability.  
 
The ALGO Token 
The ALGO token is the native token of the Algorand blockchain and like other proof-of-stake networks, plays 
a crucial role in maintaining the security and decentralization of the network. ALGO can be staked to help 
secure the network and earn staking rewards, users are not required to lock their tokens for this purpose. 
 
Cardano 
Cardano is a Layer 1 blockchain and smart contract platform. Cardano is one the few blockchain networks 
that is not build on top of the foundational pillars from Bitcoin or other blockchains such as Ethereum. Instead 
Cardano is based upon research from leading academics. Cardano is running on a unique Proof-of-Stake 
consensus mechanism called Ouroboros. Cardano is founded by one of the founding members of Ethereum. 
The development of Cardano is mostly driven by IOHK and the Cardano Foundation. 
 
The ADA Token 
The ADA token is the native token of the Cardano blockchain and like other proof-of-stake networks, plays a 
crucial role in maintaining the security and decentralization of the network. ADA can be staked to help secure 
the network and earn staking rewards. 
 
Near 
Near Protocol is a Layer 1 blockchain and smart contract platform. Near distinguishes itself from other smart 
contract platforms through its unique consensus and scaling mechanism called Nightshade. It was designed 
for higher throughput, lower costs and faster transactions. Near also differentiates itself by focusing on user-
friendliness, human readable account names and allowing developers to create applications using Web2 
programming languages.  
 
The NEAR Token 
The NEAR token is the native token of the Near Protocol and like other proof-of-stake networks, plays a 
crucial role in maintaining the security and decentralization of the network. Besides the conventional functions 
of a native cryptocurrency, NEAR token also can be used to pay for storage on the blockchain. This allows 
users to store (meta) data on the blockchain permanently as long as they keep pay the storage fee. The 
NEAR can be staked to help secure the network and earn staking rewards.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
SUPPLEMENTS 
The Issuer shall prepare a supplement (each a "Supplement") to this Base Prospectus or publish a new 
base prospectus whenever required by the guidelines of any stock exchange on which Notes are listed or, 
pursuant to Art 23 of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129), if there is a significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base Prospectus 
which may affect the assessment of the securities and which arises or is noted between the time when the 
Prospectus is approved and the closing of the offer period or the time when trading on a regulated market 
begins, whichever occurs later.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
In this section the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Series of Notes, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes. In 
relation to any Notes which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuer has endeavoured to include in 
this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to such Notes which is 
not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual 
issue of a Series of Notes. 
Any information relating to any Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in 
order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Series of Notes will be contained in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
For a Series of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Series only, complete the Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Series of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the 
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to completion by the Final Terms relating 
to a particular Series of Notes, will be applicable to the Notes of such Series. Unless the context requires 
otherwise, references in these terms and conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all 
Notes which may be issued under the Programme from time to time. 
The Notes are issued under the VanEck Exchange Traded Note Programme of the Issuer (the "Programme"). 
The Issuer entered, in the context of the issue of Notes under the Programme, into the following agreements: 
(A) 
an agency agreement (the “Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer and the Issuing and Paying 
Agent (as defined in the Conditions) and any other “Paying Agents” (such other Paying Agents being 
defined as such together with the Issuing and Paying Agent) and the Collateral Agent;  
(B) 
a calculation agency agreement (the “Calculation Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent (as defined in the Conditions);  
(E) 
a pledge agreement (the “Collateral Agent & Pledge Agreement”, “CA Pledge Agreement”) 
between the Issuer and the Collateral Agent (as defined in the Conditions) on the terms (save as 
amended, modified and / or supplemented by the relevant Constituting Instrument);  
(F) 
an authorised participant agreement (the “Authorised Participant Agreement”) between, among 
others, the Issuer and each Authorised Participant (as defined in the Conditions); and  
(G) 
an operating procedures agreement (the “Operating Procedures Agreement”) between, among 
others, the Issuer and each Authorised Participant.    
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes of a particular Series are secured by a pledge as established 
on the basis of the CA Pledge Agreement in respect of such Series Assets.  
In relation to each Series of Notes, a Custody Agreement dated on or about the Series Issue Date (as 
amended, supplemented novated and/or replaced from time to time, the "Custody Agreement") will be 
entered into in relation to the Notes between the Issuer and the Custodian. 
The terms and conditions of a Series of Notes will be the conditions set out below as completed by the Final 
Terms applicable to such Series. References herein to the "Conditions" of the Notes are to these terms and 
conditions as so completed by the Final Terms applicable to the Notes.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
1. 
Definitions  
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
"Authorised Participant" means any Eligible Authorised Participant that has entered into an 
Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer and has acceded to the Operating Procedures 
Agreement and is named as Authorised Participants on the Issuer’s Website.  
"Adjustment Event" means an Index Cancellation, an Index Modification or an Index Disruption.  
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person or entity, any other person or entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the person or entity, any other person or entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the 
person or entity or any other person or entity directly or indirectly under common control with the 
person or entity. For these purposes, "control" of any entity or person means the power, directly or 
indirectly, either to (a) vote 10 per cent. or more of the securities having ordinary voting power for the 
election of directors of the relevant person or entity or (b) direct or cause the direction of the 
management and policies of such person or entity whether by contract or otherwise. 
"Agents" means in relation to each Series of Notes, the Calculation Agent, the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, the Paying Agent(s) and such other agent(s) as may be appointed from time to time in relation 
to the Notes of such Series under the relevant Agency Agreement, the Calculation Agency 
Agreement or any other agreement with the Issuer under which such agent is appointed from time to 
time in relation to the Notes, as applicable, and any successor or replacement and "Agent" means 
any of them. 
"Authorised Participant Agreement" means, in respect of an Authorised Participant, the authorised 
participant agreement (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time) 
entered into by the Issuer and such Authorised Participant. 
"Bearer Securities" has the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
"Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are 
open for general business in Frankfurt, Germany.. 
"Calculation Agent" means VanEck (Europe) GmbH, Kreuznacher Str. 30, 60486 Frankfurt, 
Germany and any successor or replacement thereto or any other entity appointed as Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the terms of the Calculation Agency Agreement. 
"Calculation Agent Breach" has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.6(B). 
"Central Depository" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt. 
"Clearing System Business Day" means a day on which the Relevant Clearing System is open for 
business. 
"Clearstream Banking Frankfurt " means the central depository Clearstream Banking Frankfurt 
(CBF) . 
"Component Digital Assets" means the component digital assets of the relevant Index in respect of 
a Series of Notes.  
"Currency Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in the principal financial centre of the Relevant Currency or, in the case of euros, a city in which banks 
in general have access to the TARGET2 System. 
"Collateral Agent" means VanEck (Europe) GmbH, with its registered office at Kreuznacher Str. 30, 
60486 Frankfurt, Germany and commercial register number HRB 85306, and any successor thereto. 
"Custodian" means Bank Frick & Co AG or any successor or replacement thereto or any other entity 
appointed as custodian in accordance with the terms of the Custody Agreement.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
“Custody Account” means each account of the Custodian in which the Series Assets will be held by 
the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer. 
“Cold-Storage” means keeping the reserve of Crypto Assets offline and held under custodianship 
with the Custodian in high-security, offline, multi-layer cold storage vaults.  
"Definitive Securities" means Bearer Securities in definitive form and includes any replacement 
Note issued pursuant to these Conditions. 
"Denomination" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, an amount equal to its Principal Amount. 
“Digital Assets” means in respect of a Series of Notes, any Series Assets consisting of digital assets.  
"Disrupted Day" means in respect of any Series, any day on which the markets on which the 
Component Digital Assets are listed or traded or markets which the Issuer determines in its discretion 
to be relevant to the Index are closed.   
"Disruption Event", in respect of a Series of Notes, means any event that causes a Valuation Date 
in respect of that Series to be a Disrupted Day. 
"Disruption Redemption Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.3. 
 "EEA" means the European Economic Area. 
"Eligible Authorised Participant" means any bank or financial institution (which for these purposes 
shall include any leading dealer or broker in the assets of the type referenced by the Notes) 
incorporated, domiciled and regulated in the EEA that meets the requirements of the Operating 
Procedures Agreement.  
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and any successor thereto. 
"Event of Default" has the meaning given to it in Condition 11. 
"Event of Default Redemption Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 11. 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means (i) a resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly 
convened and held in accordance with the CA Pledge Agreement by a majority of at least 75 % of 
the votes cast or (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 % 
of the aggregate number of the Notes who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting 
which written resolution shall, for all purposes, be as valid and effectual as an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of such Noteholders duly convened and held in accordance with the 
relevant provisions of the CA Pledge Agreement. 
"Final Redemption Amount" corresponds to an in-kind share of the Series Assets per Note with a 
value corresponding to the Note Value on the Redemption Pricing Date  as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, less such Note’s pro rata share of any costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf 
of the Issuer necessary to give effect to such redemption. The Final Redemption Amount will be 
transferred to the Noteholders Redemption Wallet in kind. 
 If delivery of Series Assets in kind is impossible in general or with regard to a specific investor, an 
investor may request that the Issuer arranges for the sale of the portion of the Series Assets 
corresponding to such investors Notes entitlement and that the investor instead receives the 
proceeds of such sale less such Note’s pro rata share of any costs and expenses incurred by or on 
behalf of the Issuer throughout the term of the Notes and in any realisation of any Series Assets of 
the relevant Series necessary to give effect to such redemption. 
"Final Redemption Date" means the final redemption date specified in the Final Terms, subject to 
any extension in accordance with Condition 7.2. 
"Final Redemption Settlement Date" means the day that falls three Currency Business Days after 
the Final Redemption Date. 
"Final Terms" means the final terms specifying the relevant issue details of the Notes.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
“FMA” means the Liechtenstein Financial Market Authority, which is the competent authority for 
Liechtenstein under the Prospectus Regulation. 
"Global Bearer Security" means the Notes in bearer form represented by a Global Bearer Note. 
"Global Bearer Note" means a Global Bearer Security. 
"Index" means the Index specified for the Notes in the Final Terms, or any Successor Index. 
"Index Administrator" means the Index Administrator as specified in the Final Terms of a Series of 
Notes.  
"Index Cancellation" means in respect of an Index, the Index Administrator in respect of that Index 
permanently cancels such Index and no Successor Index is designated. 
"Index Disruption" means in respect of an Index on any Valuation Date, the Index Administrator fails 
to calculate and announce such Index. 
"Index Modification" means in respect of an Index that the Index Administrator announces that it 
shall make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating that Index or in any other 
way materially modifies that Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to 
maintain that Index in the event of changes in constituent digital assets and capitalisation and other 
routine events). 
"Initial Early Redemption Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.8. 
"Issue Date" means the date of issuance of the relevant Series as specified in the Final Terms 
relating to such Series. 
"Issue Price" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the amount per Note specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"Issuer" means VanEck ETP AG, a society limited by shares incorporated under the laws of 
Liechtenstein with registration number FL-0002.640.173-8. 
"Issuer Call Redemption Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.7. 
"Issuer Redemption Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.8. 
"Issuer’s Website" means the website having the following internet address: www.vaneck.com or 
such other internet address as may be used by the Issuer and notified to Noteholders and the 
Collateral Agent in accordance with Condition 16. 
"Issuing and Paying Agent" means Quirin Privatbank AG, Bürgermeister-Smidt-Straße 76, 28195 
Bremen, Germany, and any successor or replacement thereto or any other entity appointed as 
issuing and paying agent pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
"Loss" means any loss, liability, cost, claim, damages, expense (including, but not limited to, legal 
costs and expenses) or demand (or actions in respect thereof), judgment, interest on any judgment, 
assessment, fees or amounts paid in settlement of any action or claim. 
"Mandatory Redemption" means a redemption of Notes in accordance with Condition 7.8. 
"Mandatory Redemption Amount" corresponds to an in-kind share of the Series Assets per Note 
with a value corresponding to the Note Value on the Redemption Pricing Date  as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, less such Note’s pro rata share of any costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf 
of the Issuer necessary to give effect to such redemption. The Final Redemption Amount will be 
transferred to the Noteholders Redemption Wallet in kind. If delivery of Series Assets in kind is 
impossible in general or with regard to a specific investor, an investor may request that the Issuer 
arranges for the sale of the portion of the Series Assets corresponding to such investors Notes 
entitlement and that the investor instead receives the proceeds of such sale less such Note’s pro rata 
share of any costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Issuer throughout the term of the 
Notes and in any realisation of any Series Assets of the relevant Series necessary to give effect to 
such redemption.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
"Mandatory Redemption Date" means, in respect of a Mandatory Redemption Event, the date 
designated as such in accordance with Condition 7.8. 
"Mandatory Redemption Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.8. 
"Maximum Daily Redemption Limit" means a maximum limit  on the redemption number of Notes 
of a Series on any Redemption Pricing Date, as may be defined by the Issuer from time to time. 
"Non-Disrupted Valuation Date" means a Valuation Date which is not a "Disrupted Day". 
"Notes" means the Series of Notes to which these Conditions relate or, as the context may require, 
any or all securities issued by the Issuer under the Programme. 
"Note Value" has the meaning given to it in Condition 4. 
"Noteholder" and "holder" mean the bearer of any Bearer Security or the person in whose name an 
Uncertificated Registered Security is registered (as the case may be). 
"Noteholder Notice and Direction" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.8. 
"Notice Deadline" means 12.00 p.m. (Liechtenstein time), provided that the Notice Deadline in 
respect of any Series of Notes may be adjusted by the Issuer with effect from the fifth calendar day 
following the date on which notice of such adjustment is given to the holders in accordance with 
Condition 16. 
"Outstanding" means, for the purposes of the Conditions, the CA Pledge Agreement and each other 
Series Document, in relation to the Notes and a Valuation Date, (i) on the Series Issue Date, the 
Notes issued on such date, and (ii) on any Valuation Date thereafter, all the Notes issued on or prior 
to such Valuation Date except (a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with Condition 7; 
(b) those that have been cancelled for any reason; (c) those in respect of which the date for 
redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys have been duly paid to the Issuing and Paying 
Agent and which remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of Notes; (d) those 
that have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed; (e) those which have 
been issued and which are pending settlement to an Authorised Participant but in respect of which 
the relevant Authorised Participant(s) has not paid in full the relevant subscription amount under the 
Authorised Participant Agreement; (f) those that have been purchased, settled and cancelled as 
provided in Condition 7.5; (g) those mutilated or defaced Bearer Securities that have been 
surrendered in exchange for replacement Bearer Securities; (h) (for the purpose only of determining 
how many Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those 
Bearer Securities alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement 
Notes have been issued and (i) any Global Bearer Security to the extent that it shall have been 
exchanged for one or more Definitive Securities pursuant to its provisions; provided that for the 
purposes of (1) ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the Noteholders, (2) the 
determination of how many Notes are outstanding for the purposes of the Conditions, the CA Pledge 
Agreement and any other Series Document and (3) the exercise of any discretion, power or authority 
that the Collateral Agent is required, expressly or impliedly, to exercise in or by reference to the 
interests of the Noteholders, those Notes that are beneficially held by or on behalf of the Issuer and 
not cancelled shall (unless no longer so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding. For the 
avoidance of doubt, Notes (if any) which the Issuer has agreed on or prior to such Valuation Date to 
redeem but in respect of which the Series Assets have not yet been liquidated shall be deemed to 
be "outstanding" on such Valuation Date and Notes (if any) which the Issuer has agreed on or prior 
to such Valuation Date to issue but in respect of which payment of the relevant subscription amount 
has not been received in full from the relevant Authorised Participant(s) and settlement to such 
relevant Authorised Participant(s) has not yet occurred shall not be deemed to be "outstanding" on 
such Valuation Date. 
"Paying Agent" means any entity as may be appointed from time to time as paying agent of the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 9.7, and any successor or replacement thereto. 
"Potential Event of Default" means an event or circumstance that could, with the giving of notice, 
lapse of time and/or issue of a certificate become an Event of Default.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
"Principal Amount" means, in respect of any Note, the amount in the Relevant Currency specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Proceedings" has the meaning given to it in Condition 18.2. 
“Programme Effective Date” means 19 October 2020.   
"Programme Maximum Number of Notes" means 1,000,000,000 per Series of Notes. 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (and delegated acts such as 
Commission Delegated Regulations (EU) 2019/979 and 2019/980). 
"Publication Event Redemption Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.8. 
"Publication Failure Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.8. 
"Record Date" means the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment.   
“Redemption” means a redemption by a Noteholder. A Redemption Order obliges the Issuer to 
directly redeem all or any part of the holding of a Noteholder of such Notes at the Redemption Amount 
on the relevant Redemption Settlement Date.  
"Redemption Account" means, in respect of the Notes, a bank account to receive payments in the 
Relevant Currency, if any, of the Redemption Amount in respect of the redemption of such Notes, 
which account shall be: 
(A) 
for an Authorised Participant, the bank account notified in writing for such purposes by the 
Authorised Participant to the Issuer from time to time; and 
(B) 
otherwise, the bank account specified in the Redemption Order. 
"Redemption Amount" means an in-kind share of the Series Assets per Note with a value 
corresponding to the Note Value on the Redemption Pricing Date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, less such Note’s pro rata share of any costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the 
Issuer necessary to give effect to such redemption. The Final Redemption Amount will be transferred 
to the Noteholders Redemption Wallet in kind. If delivery of Series Assets in kind is impossible in 
general or with regard to a specific investor, an investor may request that the Issuer arranges for the 
sale of the portion of the Series Assets corresponding to such investors Notes entitlement and that 
the investor instead receives the proceeds of such sale less such Note’s pro rata share of any costs 
and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Issuer throughout the term of the Notes and in any 
realisation of any Series Assets of the relevant Series necessary to give effect to such redemption. 
” Redemption Fee” is the fee which may be charged by the Issuer for a Redemption by a Noteholder 
which is not an Authorised Participant. The Redemption Fee shall be 1% (of the Note Value of the 
Notes requested to be redeemed), at minimum 1.500,00 USD per Redemption.  
"Redemption Limit" means the sum of the Maximum Daily Redemption Limits relating to the Notes. 
"Redemption Order" means a Redemption Order in the form attached to the Operating Procedures 
Agreement or such other form as may be acceptable to the Issuer in its sole discretion. 
“Redemption Order Form” means the form to be used by Noteholders which are not Authorised 
Participants to order a Direct Redemption. Redemption Order Forms will be provided on the Issuers 
website www.vaneck.com. In case of agreements with Authorised Participants setting forth the terms 
of a (potential) redemption, no such form may be required to be used.  
"Redemption Pricing Date" means a Valuation Date on which a Redemption Order is determined 
to be valid and accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer.  
“Redemption Securities Account” means the securities account of the Issuer as specified in a 
confirmation email by the Issuer to a Noteholder in response and confirmation of a Redemption Order 
and to which account a Noteholder will need to transfer his Notes in the course of redemption.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
"Redemption Settlement Date" means the day that falls three Currency Business Days after the 
Redemption Pricing Date which is not a Disrupted Day and is both a Currency Business Day and a 
Clearing System Business Day.  
" Redemption Wallet" means the digital assets wallet of the Noteholder who requests Redemption. 
The Redemption Wallet will be used by the Issuer to deliver the Redemption Amount per redeemed 
Note. The Direct Redemption Wallet must ensure reasonable customer due diligence (KYC) and Anti 
Money Laundering measures and shall comply with the preventive measures described in FATF 
Recommendations 10 to 21 as specified by the travel rule according to the FATF updated Guidance. 
The Noteholder must have a wallet at one of the approved crypto custodians listed in the Redemption 
Order Form available at www.vaneck.com. 
 "Registered Securities" has the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
"Relevant Clearing System" means Clearstream Banking Frankfurt or any other recognised clearing 
system in which Notes of a Series may be cleared. 
"Relevant Currency" means the currency of denomination of the Notes, as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"Relevant Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10. 
"Relevant Provisions" means, in respect of the Calculation Agent, the provisions of the Calculation 
Agency Agreement, the Pledge Agreement and the Conditions. 
"Relevant Stock Exchange" means any stock exchange or regulated or unregulated market within 
the EEA or abroad on which Notes of a Series may be listed. 
"RIS" means a regulated information service for the purposes of giving information relating to the 
Notes and/or the rules of the Relevant Stock Exchange chosen by the Issuer from time to time. 
"Secondary Early Redemption Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.8. 
"Securities Act" means The United States Securities Act of 1933 as amended.  
"Series" means all Notes having the same ISIN or other similar identifier. 
“Series Account” means, in respect of a Series of Notes, an account established in name of the 
Issuer with Bank Frick & Co AG.  
“Series Assets” means in respect of a Series of Notes, the assets acquired by the Issuer with the 
proceeds of the issue of such Series of Notes in order to replicate, to the extent practicable the 
composition of the relevant Index. 
"Series Document" means in relation to any Series of Notes, each of the documents relating to that 
Series including the Custody Agreement and each Authorised Participant Agreement in relation to 
such Series and "Series Documents" means all such documents. 
"Series Issue Date" means the date of issuance of a Series of Notes, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Series Party" means a party to a Series Document (other than the Issuer and Noteholders). 
"Subscription Limit" means any applicable limit on the Issuer’s ability to issue new Notes pursuant 
to the terms of the Operating Procedures Agreement, as may be amended from time to time. 
"Subscription Order" means a request from an Authorised Participant delivered to the Issuing and 
Paying Agent to issue Notes. 
"Subscription Settlement Date" means the first Valuation Date after the Subscription Trade Date 
which is not a Disrupted Day and is both a Currency Business Day and a Clearing System Business 
Day.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
"Subscription Suspension Event" means the delivery by the Issuer of a notice in writing to each 
Authorised Participant, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent pursuant to the 
Operating Procedures Agreement stating that with effect from the date specified in such notice 
subscription of the Notes shall be so suspended. 
"Subscription Trade Date" means, subject to Condition 8.2, a Valuation Date on which a 
Subscription Order is determined to be valid and accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance 
with the terms of the Operating Procedures Agreement. 
"Successor Index", in respect of a Series of Notes, means: 
(A) 
if a relevant Index is not calculated and announced by the Index Administrator but is 
calculated and announced by a successor administrator (the “Successor Index 
Administrator”) acceptable to the Calculation Agent, such index; and] 
(B) 
if a relevant Index is replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation 
as used in the calculation of that Index, such replacement index. 
"TARGET2 System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) system or any successor thereto. 
"Tax" means any tax, duty, assessment, levy, charge or withholding of whatsoever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any authority including any penalty or interest payable in 
connection with any failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same. 
"Valuation Date", in respect of any Series, means each Business Day which is not a Disrupted Day.  
 
“Valuation Point” in respect of any Valuation Date, means 16.00 (Liechtenstein time) on the 
Valuation Date.  
 
 
1.2 
Interpretation 
All capitalised terms used but not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them 
in the CA Pledge Agreement and/or the Master Definitions Schedule. 
2. 
Form and Title 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form in a global note ("Global Bearer Notes" or in the form of 
dematerialised uncertificated registered notes which shall not be exchangeable for bearer securities 
("Uncertificated Registered Securities"), in each case in the Denomination(s) and Relevant 
Currency specified in the Final Terms. If it is stated in the Final Terms that the form of some or all of 
the Notes is "Bearer", such Notes are issued in the form of one Global Bearer Note. If it is so stated 
that the form of some or all of the Notes is "Uncertificated Registered", such Notes are Uncertificated 
Registered Securities. Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms, the form of all of the Notes of a 
particular Series on issue will be the same.  
In respect of bearer notes relating to a Series, a Global Bearer Note will be delivered on or prior to 
the original issue date to Clearstream Banking Frankfurt. 
 
3. 
Constitution and status 
Each Series of Notes is constituted when subscribed to by an Authorised Participant and issued by 
the Issuer. The Notes of each Series are secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, at all 
times ranking pari passu and without any preference among themselves, secured in the manner 
described in Condition 5 and recourse in respect of which is limited in the manner described in 
Condition 5.5 and Condition 12.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
4. 
Note Value 
The “Note Value” in respect of any Valuation Date (which is not a Disrupted Day) shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(i)  
Value of the Series Assets on the Valuation Date;  
(ii)  
net of any Fees and Expenses; 
(iii) 
divided by the number of outstanding notes; 
provided that on the Issue Date of each Series, the Note Value will be equal to the Issue Price of the 
Note. Unless otherwise specified, amounts and values for each Valuation Date shall be calculated 
as at the Valuation Point for such Valuation Date and in accordance with the provisions of, and 
valuation rules as set out in the Calculation Agency Agreement.  
 
5. 
Security 
5.1 
Security 
The Issuer Security in respect of the Notes shall be constituted by a pledge under the terms of the 
CA Pledge Agreement, as described below. Additional security documents may be entered into in 
respect of a particular Series if required by the Collateral Agent.  
Pursuant to the CA Pledge Agreement, the obligations of the Issuer shall be secured by a charge in 
favour of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Noteholders, on: 
(i)  
all sums held now or in the future by or on behalf of the Issuer (including, without limitation, 
by the Issuing and Paying Agent) to meet payments due in respect of the obligations and 
duties of the Issuer under the CA Pledge Agreement and the Notes and all rights and claims 
of the Issuer relating to such sums,  
(ii)  
the Series Assets and any sums of money or other property received or receivable now or in 
the future by or on behalf of the Issuer from or in context with the Series Assets and all rights 
and claims of the Issuer with regard to the Series Assets and such sums or property,  
(iii)  
all of the Issuer’s rights and claims as against the Custodian, relating to the Notes, and  
(iv)  
all of the Issuer’s rights and claims in respect of any sum or property now or in the future 
standing to the credit of the Series Account, 
in each case, to the extent that they relate to such Series of the Notes. 
The Issuer will invest the proceeds of issue of each Series of Notes in the Series Assets, which will 
be held in accounts or wallets maintained by the Custodian on behalf of and in the name of the Issuer. 
Series Assets of a Series of Notes and any and all proceeds therefrom will be held separately from 
Series Assets and any and all proceeds therefrom of another Series of Notes and separate from the 
Issuer’s own assets.  
Security created by the CA Pledge Agreement in respect of the Notes is granted to the Collateral 
Agent as continuing security for the Noteholders. In accordance with the CA Pledge Agreement, at 
any time before the Security becomes enforceable, the Collateral Agent will release from such Issuer 
Security without the need for any notice or other formalities: 
- 
Series Assets to the extent required for satisfaction of Redemption Requests of Noteholders in 
accordance with the entitlement per Note;  
- 
sums held by the Issuing and Paying Agent to the extent required for payment of any sum in 
respect of the Notes and/or under the Series Documents to be duly made; 
- 
any part of the Series Assets to the extent required to comply with and subject to the provisions 
of Condition 5.6.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
On any date on which  
- 
Notes become due for redemption, the Issuer covenants to unconditionally transfer the portion of 
the Series Assets corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount, the Redemption Amount or the 
Mandatory Redemption Amount to the Noteholders Redemption Wallet; 
- 
a cash payment of any principal under these Conditions in respect of any Notes becomes due (in 
circumstances where Redemption can not occur in kind), the Issuer covenants to unconditionally 
pay to the Paying Agent in same day cleared funds the Final Redemption Amount, the Redemption 
Amount or the Mandatory Redemption Amount, as applicable, in respect of the Notes which are 
due and payable on that date. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions or the CA Pledge Agreement, (1) 
payment of principal due under the Notes pursuant to the Conditions made to the Issuing and Paying 
Agent as provided in the Agency Agreement shall, to that extent, satisfy the Issuer’s obligation to 
make payments of principal in respect of the Notes to the Noteholders except to the extent that there 
is failure by the Issuing and Paying Agent to pass such payment to the relevant Noteholders (whether 
via payment through the Relevant Clearing System or otherwise) and (2) a payment of principal made 
after the due date or as a result of the Notes becoming repayable following an Event of Default or the 
occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event shall be deemed to have been made when the full 
amount due has been received by the Issuing and Paying Agent and notice to such effect has been 
given to the Noteholders, except to the extent that there is failure by the Issuing and Paying Agent to 
pass such payment to the relevant Noteholders (whether via payment through the Relevant Clearing 
System or otherwise).  
Proceeds of liquidation of the Series Assets will be applied by the Issuer: 
- 
first, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by or 
payable to the Collateral Agent under or pursuant to the CA Pledge Agreement (including, without 
limitation, any Taxes (other than any income, corporation or similar tax in respect of the Collateral 
Agent’s remuneration) required to be paid by the Collateral Agent in connection with the 
performance of its obligations under the CA Pledge Agreement and the Collateral Agent’s 
remuneration); 
- 
secondly, in payment of any amounts owing to the holders of Notes pari passu and rateably; and 
- 
thirdly, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself. 
5.2 
Enforcement of Issuer Security constituted by the CA Pledge Agreement  
The Issuer Security constituted by the CA Pledge Agreement in respect of the Notes shall become 
enforceable upon the occurrence of an Event of Default pursuant to Condition 11 below. 
5.3 
Realisation of Issuer Security constituted by the CA Pledge Agreement 
At any time after the Issuer Security constituted by the CA Pledge Agreement has become 
enforceable, the Collateral Agent may, at its discretion, and shall, if so directed in writing by holders 
of at least a majority of the Notes then outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders (a copy of which has been provided to the Collateral Agent), in each case subject to its 
having been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction by the Noteholders in 
accordance with the CA Pledge Agreement, enforce the Issuer Security constituted by the CA Pledge 
Agreement. 
To do this, the Collateral Agent may, at its discretion, (i) enforce and/or terminate any relevant Series 
Document relating to the Notes in accordance with its or their terms, and/or take action against the 
relevant counterparty and/or (ii) take possession of and/or realise all or part of the assets over which 
the Issuer Security constituted by the CA Pledge Agreement shall have become enforceable and 
may in its discretion, transfer to Noteholders (in proportion to their entitlement), sell, call in, collect 
and convert into money all or part of such assets, in such manner, at such time and on such terms 
as it thinks fit, in each case without any liability as to the consequences of such action and without 
having regard to the effect of such action on individual Noteholders.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
The Collateral Agent shall not be required to take any action in relation to the Issuer Security 
constituted by the CA Pledge Agreement which may (i) be illegal or contrary to any applicable law or 
regulation or (ii) cause it to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any liability (including any 
personal liability) in the performance of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights, powers and 
discretions, without first being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
5.4 
Application of proceeds of enforcement of Issuer Security 
Pursuant to the terms of the CA Pledge Agreement, following enforcement of the Issuer Security the 
Collateral Agent will apply the assets or proceeds derived from the realisation of the assets that are 
the subject of the Issuer Security constituted by the CA Pledge Agreement (whether by way of 
liquidation or enforcement and after taking account of any Taxes incurred, withheld or deducted by 
or on behalf of the Issuer) as follows: 
first, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and other amounts 
properly incurred by or payable in respect of the Notes to the Collateral Agent under or pursuant to 
the CA Pledge Agreement (which shall include, without limitation, any Taxes required to be paid by 
the Collateral Agent (other than any income, corporation or similar Tax in respect of the Collateral 
Agent’s remuneration), the costs of enforcing or realising all or some of the Issuer Security constituted 
by the CA Pledge Agreement and the Collateral Agent’s remuneration); 
second, to the payment of any other outstanding Fees and Expenses of the Issuer which are 
attributable to the Notes; 
third, in payment of any amounts owing to the Noteholders pari passu and rateably; and 
fourth, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself. 
5.5 
Shortfall after application of proceeds; Limited recourse and non-petition 
In respect of any claim against the Issuer in relation to the Notes, the Series Parties and the 
Noteholders shall have recourse only to the Series Assets in respect of such Notes, subject always 
to the Security, and not to any other assets of the Issuer. If, following distribution or realisation 
(whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) in full of the Series Assets  and application of available 
cash sums as provided in this Condition 5 and the CA Pledge Agreement, as applicable, any 
outstanding claim against the Issuer, whether secured or unsecured, remains unpaid, then such 
outstanding claim shall be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. 
Following the extinguishment of any such claim, none of the Series Parties, the Noteholders or any 
other person acting on behalf of any of them shall be entitled to take any further steps against the 
Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, corporate service providers or directors to recover any 
further sum in respect of the extinguished claim and no debt shall be owed to any such persons by 
the Issuer in respect of such further sum.  
None of the Series Parties or the Noteholders or any person acting on behalf of any of them may, at 
any time and with prospect of success, bring, institute or join with any other person in bringing, 
instituting or joining insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up or any other similar 
proceedings (whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its assets, as none 
of them shall have any claim arising with respect to the sums, assets and/or property attributable to 
any other securities issued by the Issuer (save for any further securities which form a single Series 
with the Notes). 
The provisions of this Condition 5.5 shall survive notwithstanding any redemption of the Notes or the 
termination or expiration of any Series Document. 
5.6 
Issuer’s rights as owner of the Series Assets 
At any time before the Issuer Security constituted by the CA Pledge Agreement becomes enforceable, 
the Issuer may: 
(A) 
take such action in relation to the Series Assets relating to the Notes as may be required by 
the Series Documents; and

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
(B) 
exercise any rights incidental to the ownership of the assets which are the subject of the 
Issuer Security constituted by the CA Pledge Agreement which are exercisable by the Issuer 
and, in particular (but, without limitation, and without responsibility for their exercise), any 
property rights in respect of such assets and all rights to enforce any such ownership interests 
in respect of such property, 
and the Collateral Agent will allow such actions and exercise of rights if and as long as it considers 
these to be in the best interest of the Noteholders. 
 
6. 
Restrictions 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer shall not, without the prior written consent 
of the Collateral Agent: 
(A) 
engage in any business activities except for the following: 
(i) 
issue, enter into, amend, redeem, exchange or repurchase and cancel or reissue or 
resell all or some of the Notes of any Series under the Programme as may be provided 
in these Conditions and the Series Documents and in connection therewith enter into 
or amend any Series Documents accordingly; 
(ii) 
acquire and own rights, property or other assets which are to comprise Series Assets 
for a Series of Notes issued under the Programme so as to enable it to discharge its 
obligations under such Series, and any relevant Series Document relating to such 
Series; 
(iii) 
perform its respective obligations under any Notes issued under the Programme, and 
any relevant Series Document entered into by it in connection with such Series, and 
any agreements incidental to the granting of Issuer Security relating to any such Series 
of Notes or incidental to the issue and constitution of any Series of Notes issued under 
the Programme; 
(iv) 
engage in any activity in relation to the Series Assets contemplated or permitted by 
the Conditions or such Series Document relating to any Series of Notes; 
(v) 
subject as provided in the CA Pledge Agreement and in the Conditions relating to any 
Series of Notes enforce any of its rights whether under the CA Pledge Agreement, any 
other Series Document or otherwise under any agreement entered into in relation to 
any Series of Notes or any Series Assets relating to any such Series; and 
(vi) 
perform any other act incidental to or necessary in connection with any of the above 
(which shall include, without limitation, the appointment of auditors and any other 
administrative or management functions necessary to maintain the Issuer and/or to 
keep it operating and/or to comply with any laws, regulations or rules applicable to it); 
(B) 
cause or permit the CA Pledge Agreement or the terms of the Issuer Security granted under 
the CA Pledge Agreement and the order of priority specified in the Conditions or the CA 
Pledge Agreement, as applicable, to be amended, terminated or discharged (other than as 
contemplated by the CA Pledge Agreement and/or the Conditions relating to such Series of 
Notes); 
(C) 
release any party to the CA Pledge Agreement or any other relevant Series Document 
relating to a Series of Notes from any existing obligations thereunder (other than as 
contemplated by the CA Pledge Agreement and/or the Conditions relating to such Series of 
Notes); 
(D) 
have any subsidiaries; 
(E) 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any assets or rights that are the subject of the Issuer 
Security constituted by the CA Pledge Agreement or any other part of the Series Assets in 
respect of any Series of Notes or any right or interest therein or thereto or create or allow to 
exist any charge, lien or other encumbrance over such Series Assets (to the extent it relates

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
to the Issuer) except in accordance with the Conditions of the relevant Notes of any such 
Series, the relevant Agency Agreement, the CA Pledge Agreement and any other Series 
Document relating to any such Series as may be applicable; 
(F) 
consent to any variation of, or exercise any powers or consent or waiver pursuant to, the 
Conditions, the CA Pledge Agreement or any other Series Document relating to any Series 
of Notes (other than as contemplated or permitted by the Conditions and the relevant Series 
Documents); 
(G) 
consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets 
substantially as an entirety to any person (other than as contemplated by the CA Pledge 
Agreement and the Conditions for any Series of Notes); 
(H) 
have any employees (provided this shall not prevent the appointment of the directors); 
(I) 
issue any shares (other than such shares in the capital of the Issuer as were issued at the 
time of its incorporation) or make any distribution to its shareholders; 
(J) 
declare any dividends; 
(K) 
open or have any interest in any account with a bank or financial institution unless such 
account (i) relates to a Series of Notes or any Series Assets relating to a Series of Notes or 
any party thereto and the Issuer’s interest in such account is simultaneously charged in 
favour of the Collateral Agent so as to form part of the relevant Series Assets relating to such 
Series of Notes, or (ii) is opened in connection with the administration and management of 
the Issuer and only moneys necessary for that purpose are credited to it; 
(L) 
purchase, own, or otherwise acquire any real property (including office premises or like 
facilities); 
(M) 
guarantee, act as surety for or become obligated for the debts of any other entity or person 
or enter into any agreement with any other entity or person whereby it agrees to satisfy the 
obligations of such entity or person or any other entity or person; 
(N) 
acquire any securities or shareholdings whatsoever from its shareholders or enter into any 
agreements whereby it would be acquiring the obligations and/or liabilities of its shareholders; 
(O) 
except as contemplated by the Series Document, the Conditions relating to a Series of Notes, 
advance or lend any of its moneys or assets, including, but not limited to, the rights, property 
or other assets comprising the Series Assets for any such Series of Notes, to any other entity 
or person; 
(P) 
subject as provided in paragraph (A) above, incur any other indebtedness for borrowed 
moneys, other than (subject to Conditions 5 and 15) issuing further Notes under the 
Programme (which may or may not form a single Series with the Notes of any Series and 
may or may not be guaranteed by a third party) and creating or incurring further obligations 
relating to such Notes, provided that: 
(i) 
if such further Notes are not to form a single Series with any other Series of Notes, 
such further Notes and obligations are secured by assets of the Issuer other than (i) 
the assets which are the subject of the Issuer Security constituted by the CA Pledge 
Agreement relating to any other Series of Notes and (ii) the Issuer’s share capital; and  
(ii) 
such further Notes and obligations are secured pari passu upon the assets which are 
the subject of the Issuer Security constituted by the CA Pledge Agreement relating to 
the Series of Notes with which such Notes are to form a single Series;  
provided that the Issuer shall not take any action (even where the prior written consent of the 
Collateral Agent is obtained) if such action is inconsistent with the objects of the Issuer as 
specified in its memorandum and articles of association.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
7. 
Redemption 
7.1 
Final redemption 
 
Unless previously redeemed in whole as provided below, each Note shall become due on its Final 
Redemption Settlement Date at its Final Redemption Amount.  
The Final Redemption Amount corresponds to an in-kind share of the Series Assets per Note with a 
value corresponding to the Note Value on the Redemption Pricing Date  as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, less such Note’s pro rata share of any costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf 
of the Issuer necessary to give effect to such redemption. The Final Redemption Amount will be 
transferred to the Noteholders Redemption Wallet in kind. 
If delivery of Series Assets in kind is impossible in general or with regard to a specific investor, an 
investor may request that the Issuer arranges for the sale of the portion of the Series Assets 
corresponding to such investors Notes entitlement and that the investor instead receives the 
proceeds of such sale less such Note’s pro rata share of any costs and expenses incurred by or on 
behalf of the Issuer throughout the term of the Notes and in any realisation of any Series Assets of 
the relevant Series necessary to give effect to such redemption. 
7.2 
Extension of the Final Redemption Date  
The Issuer may by notice to the Noteholders delivered in accordance with Condition 16, extend the 
Final Redemption Date to a date falling not more than 10 years following the then current Final 
Redemption Date. Any notice pursuant to this Condition 7.2 shall be provided to the Noteholders at 
least one month in advance of the then current Final Redemption Date. There is no limit to the number 
of times the Issuer may exercise the option to extend the Final Redemption Date as provided for 
under this Condition 7.2.  
7.3 
Redemption by Noteholders 
(A) 
A Noteholder may on any Valuation Date require the Issuer to redeem all or part of its holding 
of Notes at the Redemption Amount by submitting to the Issuer a valid Redemption Order.  
(B) 
Any Note that is subject to Redemption in accordance with this Condition 7.3 as a result of 
the delivery of a Redemption Order, shall become due on the relevant Redemption 
Settlement Date at its Redemption Amount. Redemption Orders are to be placed with the 
Issuer  
 
by Authorised Participants filing a Redemption Order Form in accordance with the 
relevant Authorised Participant Agreement and the Procedures Agreement, 
  
by Noteholders which are not Authorised Participants  
1. 
through filing of a Redemption Order Form with the Issuer,  
2. 
delivery of the Notes by the Noteholder to the securities account determined for this 
purpose by the Issuer, and 
3. 
the use of a digital assets wallet by the Noteholder which meets the requirements set 
out in the Redemption Order Form. 
(C) 
The Issuer will satisfy any Redemption Orders by the transfer of the Redemption Amount to, 
or to the order of, such Noteholder on the relevant Redemption Settlement Date. 
7.4     Redemption Orders  
(A) 
A Redemption Order shall only be valid if: 
(i) 
it specifies the number and Series of any Notes to be redeemed; 
(ii) 
it specifies the Redemption Wallet or Account into which the Redemption Amount shall 
be delivered or, in case delivery is not possible, paid in respect of any Note to be 
redeemed;

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
(iii) 
the number of Notes to be redeemed from an Authorised Participant would not result 
in any Maximum Daily Redemption Limit, or any other applicable limitation on 
redemption under the Operating Procedures Agreement, being exceeded (for the 
purposes of which, Redemption Orders shall be dealt with in order of their actual 
receipt by the Issuer); 
(iv) 
the Redemption Order is received or deemed to have been received before the 
occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event; 
(v) 
on the day it is received (or deemed to have been received by the Issuer) until the 
Redemption Pricing Date (if different) none of the following events has occurred and 
is continuing: 
- 
an Event of Default; or 
- 
an Adjustment Event; 
(vi) 
such Redemption Order is submitted on any day and no other Redemption Order has 
been submitted by that Noteholder on or in respect of such day in respect of the 
same Series, unless the Issuer otherwise agrees in its absolute discretion; 
and in addition, in case of Redemption Orders of Noteholders which are not 
Authorised Participants: 
(vii) 
the Noteholder has delivered the Notes to be redeemed to the Redemption Securities 
Account of the Issuer;  
(viii) the Redemption Fee, if any, has been paid by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder; 
and  
(ix) 
the Noteholder uses a digital assets wallet which meets the requirements set out in 
the Redemption Order Form.  
(B) 
If the Issuer determines that a Redemption Order is invalid in whole or in part, it shall notify 
the Noteholder of that fact as soon as reasonably practicable and no Notes may be redeemed 
pursuant to a Redemption Order that the Issuer has determined in its absolute discretion is 
invalid. 
(C) 
Where a Redemption Order is received by the Issuer on a Valuation Date after the Notice 
Deadline, such Redemption Order shall be treated as having been submitted in respect of 
the immediately following Valuation Date.  
(D) 
Within one Business Day after the Redemption Pricing Date in respect of any Redemption 
Order, the Issuer shall notify the relevant Noteholder of the Redemption Amount due in 
respect of Notes which are the subject of that Redemption Order, calculated as provided 
above. 
(E) 
The Issuer may change or vary the procedures for the submission of Redemption Orders on 
five calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 and these 
Conditions shall be interpreted accordingly. 
7.5 
Settlement of Redemptions by Authorised Participants 
The Issuer may at its discretion elect to satisfy requests for the Redemption of Notes by transfer of 
the appropriate number of Notes to one or more Authorised Participants from Noteholders requesting 
redemption, and for that purpose the Issuer may authorise any person on behalf of the Noteholder to 
execute one or more instruments of transfer in respect of the relevant number of Notes provided that 
the amount due to the Noteholder shall nonetheless be an amount equal to the relevant Redemption 
Amount and the relevant Redemption Settlement Date shall be the date of such transfer.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
7.6 
Redemption Wallet 
The Noteholder bears the full responsibility for opening, maintaining and use of the Redemption 
Wallet. The Issuer shall not accept a Redemption Wallet unless it is listed in the Redemption Order 
Form.  
A Redemption Wallet must be a wallet at one of the regulated and supervised crypto custodian that 
has implemented the Travel Rule.  The Issuer will at its own discretion assess and decide which 
crypto custodians meet these requirements. The most current exhaustive list of accepted crypto 
custodians will be published in the Redemption Order Form which is available at www.vaneck.com.  
The investor must provide evidence that the Redemption Wallet meets these requirements and that 
the wallet address provided to the Issuer through the Redemption Order Form belongs to the 
Noteholder. To evidence the characteristics of the Redemption Wallet and the fact that the wallet 
address belongs to the Noteholder a statement by the crypto custodian that hosts the Redemption 
Wallet shall be provided by the Noteholder to the Issuer as Annex to the Redemption Order Form.   
The Issuer will assess if the wallet address belongs to the investor and if it is ensured that Digital 
Assets will only be send to a hosted wallet maintained with a regulated crypto custodian.  
7.7 
Settlement of Redemptions by Noteholders 
The Issuer will satisfy requests for Redemptions if all requirements outlined under 7.6 to 7.8 are met. 
The settlement will take place in two steps: 
(A) 
The Issuer will confirm the Redemption Order by email and provide the Redemption 
Securities Account details to the redeeming Noteholder in that email. The Noteholder will 
transfer or instruct its bank or Broker to transfer the appropriate number of Notes to the 
Redemption Securities Account.  
(B) 
After the Issuer has received the Redemption Notes the Redemption Amount will be 
transferred to the Redemption Wallet. 
7.8 
Suspension of Redemptions by Noteholders 
(A) 
If the Issuer, in its absolute discretion, determines that due to adverse conditions in the 
markets on which the Series Assets are traded (“Adverse Market Conditions”), it would 
adversely affect the interests of the Issuer or the remaining Noteholders to continue to permit 
redemptions, the Issuer may at any time and from time to time while such Adverse Market 
Conditions are continuing suspend the right to request redemption of the Notes. Adverse 
Market Conditions e.g. are […] or comparable events or events with comparable effects. 
 
(B) 
Subject as provided in this Condition 7.6, the Issuer may at its discretion terminate any such 
suspension at any time. 
(C) 
The following provisions shall apply where Redemptions have been suspended: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall give notice of any such suspension and of the termination of any such 
suspension to the Series Parties and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
16, as soon as reasonably practicable, but the failure to give any such notice shall not 
prevent the exercise of such discretions; 
(ii) 
any such suspension may continue for a period of up to 60 calendar days, and may 
continue thereafter at the discretion of the Issuer for so long as the Adverse Market 
Conditions are continuing; and 
(iii) 
any suspension shall not affect any Redemption pursuant to a Redemption Order, the 
Redemption Pricing Date for which had passed before the suspension commenced, 
but any Redemption Order in respect of Notes submitted or deemed to be received on 
a Valuation Date when the right to request redemption of the Notes pursuant to 
Condition 7.2 is suspended pursuant to this Condition 7.6 shall be invalid and the 
Issuer shall notify Noteholders who have submitted Redemption Orders which are

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
invalid that such Redemption Orders must be resubmitted following the termination of 
the suspension period.  
7.9 
Issuer Call Redemption Event 
The Issuer may, on giving an irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16, 
elect to redeem all or some of the Notes and designate a Mandatory Redemption Date for such 
purposes, provided that the date designated as the Mandatory Redemption Date shall not be earlier 
than the thirtieth calendar day following the date of the relevant notice (such notice an "Issuer Call 
Redemption Notice"). In the event that only some of the outstanding Notes are called for redemption 
pursuant to an Issuer Call Redemption Notice, a pro rata portion of each Noteholder’s Notes shall be 
subject to such redemption. 
For the purposes of Condition 7.8, a Mandatory Redemption Event in the form of an "Issuer Call 
Redemption Event" will occur on the Mandatory Redemption Date designated in the Issuer Call 
Redemption Notice (or if such day is not a Valuation Date on the first following Valuation Date). The 
Issuer shall give a copy of the Issuer Call Redemption Notice to each of the Series Parties on the 
same date as such notice is given to the Noteholders. 
7.10 
Mandatory Redemption Events 
Each of the following events shall be a mandatory redemption event in respect of the Notes (each a 
"Mandatory Redemption Event"): 
Disruption Redemption Event: the occurrence of a Disruption Redemption Event. For the purposes 
of Condition 7.7, a Mandatory Redemption Date will occur on the fifth Business Day after the date of 
the notice from the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 8.3(C); 
Termination of appointment of Agent or Authorised Participants: any of the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, the Custodian and/or all of the Authorised Participants in relation to the 
Notes resign their appointment or their appointment is terminated for any reason and no successor 
or replacement has been appointed at the time that such resignation or termination takes effect in 
accordance with the applicable Series Document, and the Issuer gives notice (an "Agent 
Redemption Event Notice") to the Series Parties and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
16. For the purposes of Condition 7.7, a Mandatory Redemption Date will occur on the fifth Business 
Day after the date of the Agent Redemption Event Notice; 
Publication failure: if the Note Value in respect of the Notes has not been published by or on behalf 
of the Issuer for 14 consecutive Non-Disrupted Valuation Dates (a "Publication Failure Event") and 
the Collateral Agent is notified in writing of such Publication Failure Event and directed in writing by 
holders of at least a majority of the Notes then outstanding (a "Noteholder Notice and Direction") 
to give a notice under this Condition 7.8(C) to the Issuer, the Collateral Agent will, provided that the 
Collateral Agent has been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction, give such 
notice (a "Publication Event Redemption Notice") to the Issuer, copied to each of the Series 
Parties. Any such Noteholder Notice and Direction must be substantially in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement which is available from the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the Collateral Agent. 
For the purposes of Condition 7.7, a Mandatory Redemption Date will occur on the fifth Business 
Day following the date of the Publication Event Redemption Notice. The Collateral Agent shall not be 
responsible for or liable to the Issuer, any Noteholder or any Series Party for investigating, verifying, 
determining or monitoring whether a Publication Failure Event has occurred or exists and, unless 
and until the Collateral Agent receives a Noteholder Notice and Direction, the Collateral Agent shall 
be entitled to assume that no such event has occurred; 
Change in law or regulation: on or after the Series Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law, regulation, rule, order, ruling or procedure (including, without limitation, any tax 
law and any regulation, rule, order, ruling or procedure of any applicable regulatory authority, tax 
authority and/or any exchange) or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation 
by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or 
regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority): 
it has (or the Issuer reasonably expects that it will) become illegal for the Issuer to (x) hold, 
acquire or dispose of all of the types of Series Asset, and/or (y) perform its obligations under the 
Notes;

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
the Issuer would (or would expect to) incur materially increased costs in performing its obligations 
under the Notes (including, without limitation, any increase in any applicable Taxes, any 
decrease in any applicable tax benefit and/or any other costs or liability to Tax of the Issuer 
relating to any change in any applicable tax law or regulation), 
the Issuer may give notice to the Series Parties and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 that the Notes are to be redeemed and designate a Mandatory Redemption 
Date for such purposes, provided that the date designated as the Mandatory Redemption 
Date shall not be earlier than the fifth Business Day following the date of the relevant notice 
(such notice an "Issuer Redemption Notice"); 
Issuer Call Redemption Event: an Issuer Call Redemption Event occurs pursuant to Condition 7. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions or any Series Document, if at any time 
following the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event (the "Initial Early Redemption Event") 
an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to a Mandatory Redemption 
Event occurs (the "Secondary Early Redemption Event") in respect of which the Mandatory 
Redemption Date relating thereto occurs (or would occur) prior to the date that would have been the 
Mandatory Redemption Date in respect of the Initial Early Redemption Event, the Secondary Early 
Redemption Event shall prevail and all references to the "Mandatory Redemption Event" in the 
Conditions and the Series Documents shall be construed accordingly. 
7.11 
Mandatory Redemption Amount 
 
If any of the Mandatory Redemption Events listed in Condition 7.8 occurs, each Note shall become 
due on the related Mandatory Redemption Settlement Date at its Mandatory Redemption Amount.  
The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of the Mandatory Redemption Date and the Mandatory 
Redemption Settlement Date of the Notes as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance with 
Condition 16. 
 
8. 
Disruption Events, Adjustments Events and postponement 
8.1 
Disruption Events and determination of the Note Value 
If a Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then: 
the calculation and publication of the Note Value in respect of such Valuation Date will be postponed 
to the next following Valuation Date that is not a Disrupted Day; and 
the Issuer shall use reasonable efforts, to the extent that all required information is available to it, to 
publish an indicative price in respect of each Note on the Issuer’s Website, solely for information 
purposes. 
8.2 
Postponement of settlement of subscriptions and Redemptions  
If a Subscription Order or a valid Redemption Order is received by the Issuer on a Valuation Date 
which is a Disrupted Day, then such Subscription Order or Redemption Order shall be deemed to 
have been received by the Issuer on the first following Valuation Date which is not a Disrupted Day. 
No additional amount shall be owed to any Noteholder in connection with the postponement of the 
Subscription Settlement Date or Redemption Settlement Date, as applicable. 
A Subscription Order delivered by an Authorised Participant which has been deferred in accordance 
with Condition 8.1 (A) may be withdrawn by that Authorised Participant in accordance with the terms 
of the Operating Procedures Agreement. 
8.3 
Adjustments 
If an Adjustment Event has occurred, the Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practicable, determine 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner whether in its opinion it is appropriate to make 
one or more adjustments to the terms of the Conditions of the Notes to account for the economic 
effect on the Notes of the relevant Adjustment Event.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
If the Issuer determines that it is appropriate to make such adjustments referred to in (A) above, it 
will, as soon as reasonably practicable, determine in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner the nature and effective date of such adjustment(s), and notify the Series Parties and, in 
accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders of the occurrence of such Adjustment Event and the 
details of such adjustments to the Conditions as soon as reasonably practicable upon making such 
determinations. 
With effect from the effective date of any such adjustment, the Issuer and the Series Parties 
shall take into account the relevant adjustment(s) so notified to it when making any 
determination and/or calculation it is required to make under the Conditions and the terms of 
the relevant Series Documents, as appropriate, and the Conditions of the Notes and the 
terms of the Series Documents shall be construed accordingly. Neither the consent of the 
Collateral Agent nor the consent of the Noteholders will be required for any such adjustment 
to the Conditions of the Notes, provided that no such adjustment or amendment may be 
made which would, in the Collateral Agent’s opinion, impose more onerous obligations on 
the Collateral Agent without its consent. 
If the Issuer determines that it is not appropriate to make such adjustments referred to in (A) above, 
the Issuer will notify the Series Parties and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders that 
the Notes will be redeemed and, for the purposes of Condition 7.8, a Mandatory Redemption Event 
in the form of a "Disruption Redemption Event" will occur. 
 
9. 
Payments, calculations, Agents and records 
As set forth above, Investors are, in case of Redemptions, entitled to an in-kind share of the 
Series Assets. If, in exceptional circumstances, the Issuer makes payments to Investors, the 
following applies: 
9.1 
Payments net of Taxes 
All payments in respect of the Notes, if any (see […]), shall be made net of and after allowance for 
any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes. In the event that any withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any Tax applies to payments in respect of the Notes, the Noteholders 
will be subject to, and shall not be entitled to receive amounts to compensate for, any such Tax or 
deduction or any other amounts withheld or deducted pursuant to Condition 9.3. No Event of Default 
shall occur as a result of any such withholding or deduction.  
9.2 
Payments 
For as long as the Notes are represented by a Global Bearer Note deposited with a central depository 
on behalf of the Relevant Clearing System, the obligations of the Issuer under the Conditions to make 
payments in respect of the Notes, if any, will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of the Global Bearer Note, subject to and in accordance with the terms of such Global Bearer 
Note. Each of the persons shown in the records of the Relevant Clearing System as owning Notes 
represented by such Global Bearer Note must look solely to the Relevant Clearing System for his 
share of any payment made by the Issuer to or to the order of the holder of the Global Bearer Note. 
Payments made to any person shown in the records of the Relevant Clearing System as owning any 
Note represented by the Global Bearer Note shall be subject to and made in accordance with the 
rules of the Relevant Clearing System. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for so long as the Notes are represented by a Global Bearer Note, if 
any amount due in respect of such Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments shall 
be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the U.S. if: 
(a) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the U.S. with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars 
at such specified offices outside the U.S. of the full amount due in respect of the Notes in the 
manner provided above when due; 
(b) payment of the full amount due at all such specified offices outside the U.S. is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment or 
receipt of the amount due in U.S. dollars; and

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
(c)  such payment is then permitted under U.S. law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
9.3 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Notes. if any, will be subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or 
other laws, regulations and directives but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9.1 and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto (in each case without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9.1). No commission 
or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
9.4 
Calculations 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable on such date and/or at such time as 
the Calculation Agent is required in accordance with the Calculation Agency Agreement and the 
Conditions and any other Relevant Provisions, perform such duties and obligations as are required 
to be performed by it in accordance therewith. 
The calculation by the Calculation Agent of any amount, price, rate or value required to be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent under the Relevant Provisions shall be made in good faith and shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Noteholders and the Series Parties. 
9.5 
Calculation by Collateral Agent 
If at any time after the Issuer Security has become enforceable pursuant to Condition 5.2 and the 
Calculation Agent does not make any calculation relating to the Note Value, Final Redemption 
Amount, Redemption Amount or Mandatory Redemption Amount when required pursuant to the 
Conditions and the Series Documents, then the Collateral Agent may appoint an agent on its behalf 
to make any calculation in place of the Calculation Agent provided that the Collateral Agent shall 
have been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction by one or more 
Noteholders in accordance with the CA Pledge Agreement. Any such calculation made on behalf of 
the Collateral Agent shall for the purposes of the Conditions and the Series Documents be deemed 
to have been made by the Calculation Agent. In doing so, the appointed agent shall apply the 
provisions of the Conditions and/or the relevant Series Document(s), with any necessary 
consequential amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, and in all other respects it 
shall do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in the circumstances. In the absence 
of fraud, negligence and wilful default, the Collateral Agent directly or its agent shall not be liable 
(whether directly or indirectly, in contract, in tort or otherwise) to the Issuer, the Noteholders or any 
Series Party for any calculation (or any delay in making any calculation) so made. 
9.6 
Calculation Agent 
Subject as provided in the Conditions and the Calculation Agency Agreement, the Issuer shall use 
all reasonable efforts to procure that there shall at all times be a Calculation Agent for so long as any 
of the Notes are outstanding. If the Calculation Agent resigns or its appointment is terminated for any 
reason, the Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to appoint a reputable entity that provides services 
of a similar type to those required of the Calculation Agent under the Relevant Provisions or a leading 
bank or investment banking firm that the Issuer reasonably determines is capable of making the 
calculation(s) required to be made by the Calculation Agent under the Relevant Provisions to act as 
such in its place. 
The Calculation Agent shall not be liable (whether directly or indirectly, in contract, in tort or otherwise) 
to the Issuer, any Noteholder, any other Series Party or any other person for any Loss incurred by 
any such person that arises out of or in connection with the performance by the Calculation Agent of 
its obligations under the Calculation Agency Agreement, the Conditions and the other Relevant 
Provisions provided that nothing shall relieve the Calculation Agent from any Loss arising by reason 
of acts or omissions constituting bad faith, fraud or gross negligence of the Calculation Agent (any 
such act or omission, a "Calculation Agent Breach").

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
If the Calculation Agent would, but for the operation of this Condition 9.6(B)(1), be held liable for any 
Loss arising as the result of a Calculation Agent Breach, the Calculation Agent shall nevertheless 
incur no liability to the Issuer, any Noteholder, any other Series Party or any other person if such 
Calculation Agent Breach results solely and directly from either (i) the failure by any other Series 
Party to provide any notice, instruction or direction which such Series Party is required or permitted 
to give under the Conditions or any relevant Series Document or (ii) a delay in the delivery by any 
other Series Party of any notice, instruction or direction which such Series Party is required or 
permitted to give to the Calculation Agent under the Conditions or any relevant Series Document. 
If the Calculation Agent would, but for the operation of this Condition 9.6(B)(2), be held liable for any 
Loss arising as the result of a Calculation Agent Breach, the Calculation Agent shall nevertheless 
incur no liability to the Issuer, any Noteholder, any other Series Party or any other person if such 
Calculation Agent Breach results solely and directly from the reliance by the Calculation Agent upon 
a rate, amount, quotation, value or other calculation or determination notified to the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to the Conditions and/or any relevant Series Document which is made by another Series 
Party in accordance with the Conditions and the terms of any relevant Series Document. 
The Calculation Agent has no obligation towards or relationship of agency or trust with any 
Noteholder. 
The Calculation Agent has no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in the 
Conditions, the Calculation Agency Agreement and the other Relevant Provisions and no implied or 
inferred duties or obligations of any kind will be read into the Calculation Agency Agreement against 
or on the part of the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will not, and will not be deemed to, 
assume or be liable for the obligations or duties of the Issuer or any other person under the 
Conditions, the CA Pledge Agreement or any other Series Document unless otherwise agreed 
pursuant to the Relevant Provisions. 
9.7 
Appointment of Agents 
Save as provided below, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer. The Agents do not assume 
any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder. The Issuer reserves the 
right at any time in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and / or the Calculation 
Agency Agreement, as applicable, to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, any other Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying 
Agents or Calculation Agents. Without prejudice to the provisions for the automatic termination of the 
appointment of an Agent in connection with the occurrence of an insolvency or similar event or 
proceedings in the relevant Series Documents, the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to at all 
times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) a Calculation Agent and (iii) such other agents as 
may be required by any stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. Notice of any change of 
Agent or any change to the specified office of an Agent shall promptly be given to the Noteholders 
by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 16.  
Pursuant to the terms of the CA Pledge Agreement, at any time after an Event of Default or a Potential 
Event of Default has occurred in relation to the Notes, the Collateral Agent may (i) by notice in writing 
to the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent and any other Paying Agents and/or the Calculation 
Agent, require any and all of such Agents, until notified by the Collateral Agent to the contrary, so far 
as permitted by applicable law to (a) act as agent of the Collateral Agent under the CA Pledge 
Agreement and the Notes mutatis mutandis on the terms of the Agency Agreement (with 
consequential amendments as necessary) and except that the Collateral Agent’s liability for the 
indemnification, remuneration and all other expenses of such Agents (if any) shall be limited to the 
amounts for the time being held by the Collateral Agent in respect of the Notes on the terms of the 
CA Pledge Agreement and which are available (after application in accordance with the relevant 
order of priority set out in Condition 5.4) to discharge such liability); or (b) deliver the Notes and all 
moneys, documents and records held by them in respect of the Notes to or to the order of the 
Collateral Agent or as the Collateral Agent directs in such notice, and (ii) by notice in writing to the 
Issuer require it to make all subsequent payments in respect of the Notes to or to the order of the 
Collateral Agent and not to the Issuing and Paying Agent with effect from the receipt of any such 
notice by the Issuer; and from then until such notice is withdrawn, provision (1) of Condition 0 shall 
cease to have effect.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
9.8 
Business day conventions  
If any date for a payment in respect of any Note is not both a Clearing System Business Day and a 
Currency Business Day, the holder shall not be entitled to a payment until the next following day 
which is both a Clearing System Business Day and a Currency Business Day or to any interest or 
other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
If any date referred to in the Conditions would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Valuation Date, 
then such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Valuation Date. 
9.9 
Records 
For so long as the Notes are represented by a Global Bearer Note, the records of the Relevant 
Clearing Systems (which expression in this Condition 9.9 means the records that each Relevant 
Clearing System holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customers’ interests in the 
Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the number of the Notes represented by the Global Bearer 
Note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by the Relevant Clearing System (which statement 
shall be made available to the bearer upon request) stating the number of Notes represented by the 
Global Bearer Note at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the Relevant Clearing 
System at that time. 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for delivery or payment under the Conditions in respect of the Notes shall 
be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years from the date on which the Issuers 
obligation in respect of the Notes first became due or (if any asset or amount of the money payable 
was improperly withheld or refused) the date on which delivery or payment in full of the amount 
outstanding was made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to 
the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note being made in accordance with the 
Conditions, such delivery or payment will be made, provided that delivery or payment is in fact made 
upon such presentation (such date the "Relevant Date") save that if the Notes are in global bearer 
form claims in respect of principal in respect of the relevant Global Bearer Security shall become void 
unless the Global Bearer Security is presented for payment within a period of 10 years from the 
appropriate Relevant Date. 
11. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an "Event of Default") occurs, the Collateral Agent at its 
discretion may or will, if so directed in writing by holders of a majority of the Notes then outstanding 
or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution, a copy of which has been provided to the Collateral 
Agent (provided that in each case the Collateral Agent shall have been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction by one or more Noteholders in accordance with the CA Pledge 
Agreement), give notice to the Issuer (copied to each Series Party) (such notice an "Event of Default 
Redemption Notice") that the Notes are, and they shall immediately become, due at their Final 
Redemption Amount: 
the Issuer defaults in the fulfilment of any of its obligations in respect of the Notes or any of them for 
a period of 14 calendar days or more; 
the Issuer defaults in the fulfilment of any of its obligations in respect of the Notes, the CA Pledge 
Agreement or any other Series Document, which default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion 
of the Collateral Agent capable of remedy, is not remedied within 30 calendar days (or such longer 
period as the Collateral Agent may permit) after notice of such default shall have been given to the 
Issuer by the Collateral Agent (and, for these purposes, a failure to perform or comply with an 
obligation shall be deemed to be remediable notwithstanding that the failure results from not doing 
an act or thing by a particular time); 
(A) 
any order shall be made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the winding-up 
or dissolution of the Issuer, save for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, consolidation, 
reorganisation or other similar arrangement on terms previously approved in writing by the 
Collateral Agent or by an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(B) 
a special audit is ordered in respect of the Issuer.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
The Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of any Event of Default Redemption 
Notice, give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 and to the Authorised 
Participant(s). 
The Issuer has undertaken in the CA Pledge Agreement that, on each anniversary of the issue date 
of the first Series of Notes issued under the Programme and also within 14 calendar days after any 
request by the Collateral Agent, it will send to the Collateral Agent a certificate signed by a Director 
of the Issuer to the effect that, as at a date not more than five calendar days prior to the date of the 
certificate, no Event of Default, or event or circumstance that could with the giving of notice, lapse of 
time and/or issue of a certificate become an Event of Default, has occurred. 
12. 
Enforcement 
Pursuant to the terms of the CA Pledge Agreement, only the Collateral Agent may, at its discretion 
and without further notice, take such action or step or institute such proceedings against the Issuer, 
as it may think fit to enforce the rights of the holders of the Notes against the Issuer whether the same 
arise under general law, the CA Pledge Agreement or the Notes, any other Series Document or 
otherwise, but, in each case, it need not take any such action or step or institute proceedings unless 
in accordance with the terms of the CA Pledge Agreement, the Collateral Agent is so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution a copy of which has been provided to the Collateral Agent or notified in 
writing by holders of at least a majority of the Notes then outstanding and it shall have been secured 
and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to its satisfaction.  
Pursuant to the CA Pledge Agreement, only the Collateral Agent may, at its discretion, and shall, if 
so directed in writing by the holders of at least one fifth in Principal Amount of the Notes or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution, a copy of which has been provided to the Collateral Agent, subject to its 
having been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction by the Noteholders in 
accordance with the CA Pledge Agreement, enforce the Issuer Security constituted by the CA Pledge 
Agreement. 
None of the Noteholders shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Collateral 
Agent, having become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the CA Pledge Agreement, 
fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
The Noteholders acknowledge and agree that only the Collateral Agent may enforce the Issuer 
Security over the Series Assets in accordance with, and subject to the terms of, the CA Pledge 
Agreement. 
The Collateral Agent shall not be required to take any action in relation to the Issuer Security 
constituted by the CA Pledge Agreement which may (i) be illegal or contrary to any applicable law or 
regulation or (ii) cause it to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any liability (including any 
personal liability) in the performance of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights, powers and 
discretions, without first being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction.  
13. 
Meetings of Noteholders, modification, waiver, substitution and restrictions  
13.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
A Noteholder representative is not appointed. Noteholders may, in meetings convened in accordance 
with the law, pass resolutions on certain matters affecting their interests, including modification by 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Notes (including these Conditions).  
Subject to stricter statutory provisions, the quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be two or more Noteholders or agents present in person holding or representing in 
the aggregate more than 50 % of the number of the Notes for the time being outstanding or, at any 
adjourned such meeting, two or more Noteholders or agents present in person being or representing 
Noteholders, whatever the number of the Notes so held or represented, and an Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether present 
or not, except that any Extraordinary Resolution proposed, inter alia,  
(i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
(ii) to change any method of calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Redemption Amount or 
the Mandatory Redemption Amount,  
(iii) to change the currency or currencies of a payment, if any, or Denomination of the Notes,  
(iv) to take any steps which as specified in the CA Pledge Agreement may only be taken following 
approval by an Extraordinary Resolution to which the special quorum provisions apply,  
(v) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the 
majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution,  
(vi) to modify the provisions of the Base Prospectus or the Final Terms, or the CA Pledge Agreement 
concerning this exception,  
(vii) to modify any other provisions specifically identified for this purpose in the Base Prospectus or 
the Final Terms, 
will only be binding if passed at a meeting of the Noteholders, the quorum at which shall be 
Noteholders or agents present in person holding or representing in the aggregate not less than 75 % 
of the nominal capital of Notes issued and outstanding.  
A resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 % of the aggregate 
nominal capital of the Notes issued and outstanding shall for all purposes be considered as valid and 
effectual as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders. 
13.2 
Modification of the relevant Series Documents 
Subject to Condition 13.3.(F), the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, (i) make any 
modification to these Conditions and/or any Series Document which is, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other 
modification, and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any of these 
Conditions or any of the provisions of the Series Document that is in the opinion of the Issuer not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such modification, authorisation or 
waiver will be binding on the Noteholders and will be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 as soon as reasonably practicable. If and to the extent required by 
applicable law, a supplement to the Prospectus will be established and filed for approval with the 
Liechtenstein FMA. 
The Issuer may furthermore, without the consent of the Noteholders, make any modification to these 
Conditions and/or any Series Document which is not specifically stated therein to require the consent 
of the Noteholders, including any modification which is made: 
(1) 
in connection with the accession of a new Authorised Participant to the Programme; 
or 
(2) 
to effect any adjustment to the Conditions of the Notes pursuant to Condition 8.3 as 
a consequence of the occurrence of an Adjustment Event provided that: 
(a) 
the adjustments so agreed have the consequence that at the time of the 
adjustments there is no negative change to the Note Value in respect of the 
Notes; and 
(b) 
the adjustments do not take effect until at least three calendar days have 
elapsed after they are announced to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16. 
13.3 
Substitution 
 
The Issuer may delegate and transfer, without the consent of the Noteholders, but subject to the prior 
consent of each Authorised Participant, any and all obligations on the basis of this Prospectus and 
the Notes issued thereunder and may therefore be substituted as the principal debtor under this 
Prospectus and the Series Documents to which it is a party and the Notes of each Series, by any

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
other company (incorporated in any jurisdiction) (any such substitute company being the 
"Substituted Obligor"), provided that: 
a deed is executed or undertaking given by the Substituted Obligor to the Collateral Agent, in form 
and manner satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, agreeing to be bound by the CA Pledge Agreement 
and the Notes of each Series (with such consequential amendments as the Collateral Agent may 
deem appropriate) as if the Substituted Obligor had been named in the CA Pledge Agreement and 
the Notes as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer; 
the Substituted Obligor assumes all rights, obligations and liabilities in relation to the Series Assets, 
acknowledges the Issuer Security created in respect thereof pursuant to the CA Pledge Agreement 
and takes all such action as may be required by the Series Parties so that the Issuer Security 
constitutes a valid charge, pledge or other security interest over the Series Assets as was originally 
created by the Issuer for the obligations of the Substituted Obligor; 
(A) 
if any director of the Substituted Obligor certifies that it will be solvent immediately after such 
substitution, the Series Parties need not have regard to the Substituted Obligor’s financial 
condition, profits or prospects or compare them with those of the Issuer; 
(B) 
the Series Parties will be satisfied (if required, by reference to legal opinions) that (a) all 
necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents necessary for or in 
connection with the assumption by the Substituted Obligor of liability as principal debtor in 
respect of, and of its obligations under, the Notes of each Series and any Series Document 
have been obtained and (b) such approvals and consents are at the time of substitution in 
full force and effect; 
(C) 
the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor will execute and the Issuer shall procure that each 
Series Party will execute such other deeds, documents and instruments (if any) as the may 
be required in order that such substitution is fully effective and comply with such other 
requirements in the interests of the Noteholders; 
(D) 
the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor comply with such other requirements as the Series 
Parties may direct in the interests of the Noteholders; and 
 
a legal opinion is provided to the Series Parties concerning any proposed substitution and the Issuer 
and the Substituted Obligor shall give notice of the substitution to the Noteholders within 14 calendar 
days of the execution of such documents and compliance with such requirements. 
On completion of the formalities set out in this Condition 13.3, the Substituted Obligor shall be 
deemed to be named in these Conditions, the CA Pledge Agreement, the other Series Documents 
and the Notes as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute) and these 
Conditions, the CA Pledge Agreement, the other Series Documents and the Notes shall be deemed 
to be amended as necessary to give effect to the substitution. 
13.4 
Prohibition on U.S. persons 
 
Notes may not be legally or beneficially owned by any U.S. person at any time nor offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. The Issuer has the right, at its option, to refuse 
to recognise any such transfer or to compel any legal or beneficial owner of Notes who contravenes 
such prohibition to void the transfer of such Notes to such legal or beneficial owner or to redeem any 
such Notes held by such legal or beneficial owner. Transfers may be voided by the Issuer by 
compelling a sale by such legal or beneficial owner or by the Issuer selling such Notes on behalf of 
such legal or beneficial owner at the lesser of the purchase price therefor or the Note Value prevailing 
at the time such transfer is voided. Terms used in this Condition 13.4 have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
13.5 
ERISA prohibition 
 
Notes may not be legally or beneficially owned by any entity that is, or that is using the assets of, 
(a)(i) an "Employee Benefit Plan" (as defined in Section 3(3) of the United States Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")) that is subject to the fiduciary

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
responsibility requirements of Title I of ERISA, (ii) any plan to which Section 4975 of the United States 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") applies (a "Plan") or (iii) an entity whose 
constituent assets include "Plan Assets" (as determined pursuant to the "Plan Assets Regulation" 
issued by the United States Department of Labor at 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 as modified by 
Section 3(42) of ERISA) by reason of any such Employee Benefit Plan’s or Plan’s investment in the 
entity or (b) a non-U.S. plan, governmental plan, church plan or other plan that is subject to any 
federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other law or regulation that is similar to the provisions of Section 406 
of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (a "Similar Law") unless its acquisition and holding and 
disposition of such Note, or any interest therein, has not and will not constitute a violation of such 
Similar Law. The Issuer has the right, at its option, to refuse to recognise any such transfer or to 
compel any legal or beneficial owner of Notes who contravenes such prohibition to void the transfer 
of such Notes to such legal or beneficial owner or to redeem any such Notes held by such legal or 
beneficial owner. Transfers may be voided by the Issuer by compelling a sale by such legal or 
beneficial owner or by the issuer selling such Notes on behalf of such legal or beneficial owner at the 
lesser of the purchase price therefor or the Note Value prevailing at the time such transfer is voided. 
Terms used in this Condition 13.5 have the meanings given to them by the Code. 
14. 
Replacement of Notes 
If a Note in bearer form is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject 
to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the 
specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent or such other Paying Agent, as the case may be, as 
may, from time to time, be designated by the Issuer for the purpose, and notice of whose designation 
is given to Noteholders, in each case, on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity (which may provide, inter 
alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note is subsequently presented for payment there 
shall be provided to the Issuer on demand the amount to be delivered or paid by the Issuer in respect 
of such Note) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15. 
Issue of further Series of Notes 
Subject to Condition 5, the Issuer may, from time to time (without the consent of the Noteholders), 
create and issue further securities either having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all 
respects and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the Notes 
or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue and/or incur further 
obligations relating to such securities. 
Only an Authorised Participant may request that the Issuer issue additional Notes by delivering a 
valid Subscription Order subject to and in accordance with the terms of the relevant Authorised 
Participant Agreement.  
The Issuer will only accept a Subscription Order and issue Notes if: 
a Subscription Order is given by an Authorised Participant and determined to be valid by or on behalf 
of the Issuer; 
the acceptance of such Subscription Order will not cause any Subscription Limit for the Notes to be 
exceeded; and 
all conditions precedent to an issue of the Notes are satisfied.  
 
The Issuer shall have no obligation to issue further Notes and no obligation to accept any Subscription 
Orders from (but excluding) the fifth Valuation Date preceding the Final Redemption Date of the Notes. 
In accordance with the terms of the Authorised Participant Agreement(s) and the Operating 
Procedures Agreement, the Issuer will not be obliged to accept any Subscription Order and/or issue 
Notes if (i) a Subscription Suspension Event has occurred and is continuing, and/or (ii) a Mandatory 
Redemption Event has occurred. If an Issuer Call Redemption Notice is delivered, the last day on 
which the Issuer is required to accept a valid Subscription Order shall be the fifth Business Day 
preceding the related Mandatory Redemption Date designated in such notice. If a Mandatory

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
Redemption Event occurs, the last day on which the Issuer is required to accept a valid Subscription 
Order shall be the date of the notice designating such event. 
The Issuer may suspend the issuance of further Notes at any time. If a Subscription Suspension 
Event occurs, the Issuer shall not accept any Subscription Orders for the Notes with effect from the 
date of suspension specified in the relevant notice to the Calculation Agent and the Authorised 
Participants until such time (if any) as the Issuer notifies such Series Parties that it shall recommence 
the issue of further Series of the Notes. The effective date of any such suspension will be specified 
in the related notice and will be a day not earlier than the Valuation Date following the date of such 
notice. The Issuer shall give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 of any such 
suspension as soon as reasonably practicable after giving any notice of suspension of subscriptions. 
In relation to any Subscription Order which has been accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer but in 
respect of which the Subscription Settlement Date has not yet occurred as at the date of the 
occurrence of an Event of Default, each such Subscription Order shall automatically be cancelled 
with effect from the date of the occurrence of such Event of Default. 
In relation to any Subscription Order which is valid but in respect of which the Notes are pending 
issue and settlement to the relevant Authorised Participant as at the Mandatory Redemption Date, 
the Final Redemption Date or the date of delivery of an Event of Default Redemption Notice (due to 
the Subscription Settlement Date not having occurred at such date, the relevant Authorised 
Participant not having delivered in full the relevant subscription amount on a Subscription Settlement 
Date falling prior to such date, or otherwise), any such Subscription Order shall automatically be 
cancelled with effect from such Mandatory Redemption Date, Final Redemption Date or date of 
delivery of an Event of Default Redemption Notice (as applicable).  
If at any time after the occurrence of the Subscription Settlement Date in respect of which the relevant 
Authorised Participant has not provided in full the related Subscription Amount a Mandatory 
Redemption Event occurs, the Final Redemption Date occurs or an Event of Default Redemption 
Notice is delivered, the Notes issued on any such Subscription Settlement Date which are pending 
settlement to the relevant Authorised Participant shall automatically be cancelled with effect from the 
date of the occurrence of such Mandatory Redemption Date, Final Redemption Date or date of 
delivery of an Event of Default Redemption Notice (as applicable). Notes requested for issue and 
subscribed for by an Authorised Participant may be held on an inventory basis by such Authorised 
Participant and offered for sale and/or sold over a period of time. 
In relation to any Subscription Order, the Issuer may in accordance with the relevant Authorised 
Participant Agreement and the Operating Procedures Agreement agree with the relevant Authorised 
Participant that the obligation of the Authorised Participant to pay the relevant subscription amount 
(the “Relevant Subscription Amount”) shall be satisfied by the delivery to, or to the order of, the 
Issuer of assets suitable as components of the Series Assets which the Calculation Agent determines 
have a value on the Subscription Trade Date, after taking account of any costs of transfer or delivery 
which are to be discharged by the Issuer, which is equal to the Relevant Subscription Amount.  
Any new securities forming a single Series with Notes already issued and which are secured in 
accordance with the terms of the CA Pledge Agreement will, upon the issue thereof by the Issuer, be 
secured by the terms of the CA Pledge Agreement without any further formality and irrespective of 
whether or not the issue of such securities contravenes any covenant or other restriction in the CA 
Pledge Agreement or the Programme Maximum Number of Notes and shall be secured by the Series 
Assets (as increased and/or supplemented in connection with such issue of such new securities). 
16. 
Notices 
All notices to holders of Notes shall be valid if: 
 
they are: 
 
published on the website of one or more RIS(s) approved for such purposes by the applicable 
Relevant Stock Exchange(s) and any such notices shall be conclusively presumed to have been 
received by the holders; and/or 
published on the Issuer’s Website www.vaneck.com;

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
(A) 
for so long as the Notes are listed on any Relevant Stock Exchange, they are published in 
accordance with the rules and regulations of such Relevant Stock Exchange or other relevant 
authority; and 
(B) 
for so long as the Notes are in global form, notices required to be given in respect of the 
Notes represented by a Global Bearer Note are given by their being delivered (so long as the 
Global Bearer Note is held on behalf of a Relevant Clearing System) to the Relevant Clearing 
System, or otherwise to the holder of the Global Bearer Note, rather than by publication as 
required above. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the 
Notes on the Clearing System Business Day immediately following the day on which the 
notice was given to the Relevant Clearing System. 
If, in the opinion of the Issuer, any such publications above are not practicable, notice shall be validly 
given if published in another leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the relevant country. 
 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided 
above. 
17. 
Relevant Clearing System 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility for the performance by the Relevant 
Clearing System (or its participants or indirect participants) of any of their respective obligations under 
the rules and procedures governing their operations. 
18. 
Governing law and jurisdiction 
18.1 
Governing law 
 
The Base Prospectus, the CA Pledge Agreement and the Notes (including any Global Bearer Note), 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, German law. 
18.2 
Jurisdiction 
 
The courts of Liechtenstein are to have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise 
out of or in connection with any Notes and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings arising out 
of or in connection with any Notes ("Proceedings") may be brought in such courts. In addition, the 
courts of Germany are to have also non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise 
out of or in connection with any Notes and, accordingly any Proceedings may be brought in such 
courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any objections to 
Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been 
brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of Liechtenstein 
or to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of Germany is for the benefit of each of the Collateral Agent and 
the Noteholders and shall not limit the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude 
the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The following are Pro Forma Final Terms for the issue of Notes by VanEck ETP AG under the VanEck 
Exchange Traded Note Programme as further described in this Base Prospectus. Issue Specific Final Terms 
will be published and filed with the FMA with regard to each Series of Notes issued on the basis of this Base 
Prospectus. Issue Specific Final Terms for each Series of Notes will also be published on the Issuers website 
www.vaneck.com. 
 
 
Final Terms dated: […] 
VanEck ETP AG  
(a society limited by shares incorporated in Liechtenstein) 
Issue of 
[number] [Series] Notes 
VanEck […] ETN 
(ISIN [… ]) 
 
pursuant to the 
VanEck Exchange Traded Note Programme  
(the "Notes") 
This document constitutes the Final Terms in the meaning of Art 8 of the Prospectus Regulation of 
the Notes described herein. These Final Terms must always be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus issued by the Issuer and approved by the Liechtenstein FMA on 28 September 2020, 27 
September 2021 (prolongation), 26 September 2022 (prolongation),26 September 2023 and 26 
September 2024 (the “Base Prospectus”) together with supplements, if any, in order for an investor 
to obtain any and all information relevant for a decision whether to invest in the Notes. Full 
information on VanEck ETP AG (the "Issuer") and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus (together 
with any supplement thereto) is available on the website of the Issuer at www.vaneck.com. Terms 
used in these Final Terms bear the same meaning as in the Base Prospectus. 
A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms. 
The Base Prospectus (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis that, except as 
provided in sub-paragraph (ii) below, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA in which the 
Prospectus Regulation is applicable (each, a "Relevant Member State") will be made pursuant to an 
exemption under the Prospectus Regulation, as implemented or applicable in that Relevant Member State, 
from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Notes.  
Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so: 
(i) 
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer; or 
(ii) 
in those Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in the following paragraph, provided such person 
is one of the persons mentioned in the following paragraph and that such offer is made during the 
Offer Period specified for such purpose therein.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
An offer of the Notes may be made by the Issuer or by Authorised Participants other than pursuant to Article 
3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation in Liechtenstein, Austria, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, 
Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden, Portugal and Poland as well as Switzerland  ("Non-
exempt Offer Jurisdictions") during the period from approval and publication of the Prospectus until one 
year after the date of approval of the Prospectus by the Liechtenstein FMA (the "Offer Period"). 
Neither the Issuer nor any Authorised Participant has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any 
offer of Notes in any other circumstances. 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (and delegated acts thereto, 
including Commission Delegated Regulations (EU) 2019/979 and 2019/980). 
Target market: The Issuer considers that the Notes described in these Final Terms are suitable for retail 
and institutional investors. 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the terms and conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 26 September 2024 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [ ]] (the "Base Prospectus") The 
particulars in relation to this issue of Notes are as follows:  
 
1. 
Series of Notes to which these Final 
Terms apply: 
[ 
] 
2. 
Number of Notes to which these Final 
Terms apply: 
[ 
] 
 
 
 
3. 
Series Issue Date: 
[] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[ 
] per Note 
5. 
Principal Amount: 
Up to […] ([ 
] per Note) 
6. 
Relevant Currency: 
[…] 
7. 
Final Redemption Date: 
[•] 2068  
8. 
Redemption Amount: 
[BTC][ETH][…] (in-kind) with a value corresponding to the 
Note Value on the Redemption Pricing Date  as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, less such Note’s 
pro rata share of any costs and expenses incurred by or 
on behalf of the Issuer necessary to give effect to such 
redemption.  
9. 
Denomination: 
[Principal Amount] 
10. 
Index 
[ 
] 
11. 
Index Administrator 
[…] 
12. 
Series Assets / Sampling 
[…] 
13. 
Interest 
[…] 
14. 
Staking  
[Yes / No]  
15. 
Staking Fee 
[…]

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
16. 
Form of Notes: 
[Global Bearer Note] 
 
17. 
Price Information 
[…] 
The Issuer accepts the responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.  
[ ] has been extracted from [ ].  
The Issuer confirms that any additional information provided by […] has been accurately reproduced and that, 
so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [ ], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading]. 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
18. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
The Notes are admitted to trading at […] [The Issuer may 
make applications to any other regulated or unregulated 
market the Issuer considers suitable for the Notes to which 
these Final Terms apply.] The issuer may suspend the 
trading of the Notes in extraordinary circumstances and 
terminate the listing if trading has been suspended for a 
continuous three-month period. 
19. 
Notification 
The FMA has provided the competent authorities of the 
[and [names of other competent authorities of host member 
states of the EEA]] with a certificate of approval attesting 
that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
20. 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue 
 
Various subsidiary companies of Van Eck Associates Corporation do participate in the offer of the 
Notes or are subsequently involved in functions relating to the Notes (e.g. the Arranger and 
Calculation Agent). 
Four of the directors of the Issuer are employees of affiliates of Van Eck Associates Corporation in 
Europe and might therefore be subject to conflicts of interest. However, the directors are subject to 
the global and local conflict of interest policies and procedures of Van Eck Associates Corporation. 
Furthermore, there are currently no conflicts of interest between the members of the board of 
directors of the Issuer and the private interests of the directors.  
 
21. 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[…] 
22. 
Distribution 
 
 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the Notes may be made by the 
Authorised Participants named on the website of the Issuer 
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation in [specify relevant Member State(s) – which 
must be jurisdictions where the Prospectus and any 
supplements have been passported] ("Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions") during the period from [specify date] until 
[specify date or a formula such as "the Issue Date" or "the 
date which falls [ ] Business Days thereafter"] ("Offer 
Period").  See further Paragraph 8 of Part B below.]

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
 
 
 
Additional Selling Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable] 
23. 
Information about the past and the further performance of the Index and its volatility 
 
Information about the past and further 
performance of the Index and its 
volatility can be obtained from: 
[Include name of the Index and details of where information 
about the past and future performance of the Index and its 
volatility can be obtained.] 
24. 
Operational Information 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[ 
] 
 
Common Code: 
[ 
] 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[ 
] 
25. 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer 
 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][specify] 
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: [insert any applicable additional conditions to offer] 
Offers of the Notes are conditional upon their issue and, as 
between the Authorised Participant(s) and their customers, 
any further conditions as may be agreed between them. 
 
Description of the application process: [Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Details 
of 
the 
minimum 
and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Details of the method and time limited 
for paying up and delivering the Notes: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes will be issued on the Issue Date 
against payment to the Issuer of the net subscription 
moneys] 
 
Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Process for notification to applicants of 
the amount allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber 
or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in 
[None/give details]

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
the various countries where the offer 
takes place. 
 
Name 
and 
address 
of 
financial 
intermediary/ies authorised to use the 
Base Prospectus, as completed by 
these Final Terms (the "Authorised 
Participants"): 
each Authorised Participant expressly named as an 
Authorised 
Participant 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(www.vaneck.com) 
 
26 
Parties to the Series 
 
 
[…] 
 
 
[…] 
 
27. 
Governing Law 
German

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
ANNEX – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
[Issue specific summary of the Notes to be inserted if (i) the Notes are to be listed on a regulated market in 
the EEA or (ii) publicly offered in a member state of the EEA]

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
SETTLEMENT AND CLEARING OF NOTES 
Custodial and depositary or safekeeping links have been (or will be) established with Clearstream Banking 
Frankfurt to facilitate the initial issuance of Notes. Transfers within Clearstream Banking Frankfurt will be in 
accordance with the usual rules and operating procedures of the relevant system. 
Clearstream Banking Frankfurt 
Clearstream Banking Frankfurt holds securities for participating organisations and facilitates the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions between its participants through electronic book-entry changes in 
accounts of such participants. Clearstream Banking Frankfurt provides to its participants, among other things, 
services for safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and 
securities lending and borrowing. Clearstream Banking Frankfurt participants are financial institutions 
throughout the world, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing 
corporations and certain other organisations, including Euroclear and Crest. Indirect access to Clearstream 
Banking Frankfurt is also available to others, such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies which 
clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Clearstream Banking Frankfurt participant, either 
directly or indirectly. 
Distributions of principal with respect to book-entry interests in the Notes held through Clearstream Banking 
Frankfurt will be credited, to the extent received by the Issuing and Paying Agent, to the cash accounts of 
Clearstream Banking Frankfurt participants in accordance with the relevant system's rules and procedures.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
A Series of Notes may, subject to all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, be issued in Series 
comprising bearer securities or in dematerialised uncertificated registered form which shall not be 
exchangeable for bearer securities as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The summary that follows is 
only in relation to bearer securities. 
Bearer securities will be issued in global note form (" Global Bearer Note"). 
Initial Issue of Notes 
The Global Bearer Note will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Series to a Central 
Depository. Depositing the Global Bearer Note with the Central Depository does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
With regard to the Global Bearer Note held by Clearstream Banking Frankfurt (the "Central Depositary"), 
Clearstream Banking Frankfurt will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the 
nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. The records of such clearing system shall be 
conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Bearer Note and a statement 
issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant 
clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Central Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream 
Banking Frankfurt held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with 
any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, 
Clearstream Banking Frankfurt or other clearing systems. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Clearstream Banking Frankfurt or any other clearing system 
("Alternative Clearing System") as the holder of a Note represented by a Bearer Security must look solely 
to Clearstream Banking Frankfurt or any such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be) for his share 
of each cash payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Bearer Note and in relation to all other 
rights arising under the Notes, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of 
Clearstream Banking Frankfurt or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). Such persons 
shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of cash payments due on the Notes for so long as 
the Notes are represented by such Global Bearer Note and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged 
by payment to the bearer of such Global Bearer Note in respect of each amount so paid. 
Amendments to Conditions while Notes in global form 
The Global Bearer Notes contain provisions that apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify 
the effect of the Conditions set out in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of those provisions: 
Meetings 
For the purposes of any meeting of Noteholders, the holder of the Notes represented by a Global Bearer 
Note shall be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of 
Noteholders and, at any such meeting, the holder of a Global Bearer Note shall be treated as having one 
vote in respect of each Note represented by such Global Bearer Note. 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a Global Bearer Note that is required by the Conditions to be 
cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the number of Notes represented 
by the relevant Global Bearer Note which shall always represent the aggregate number of Notes outstanding 
from time to time. 
Issuer’s call option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented by a 
Global Bearer Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders and containing the 
information required by the Conditions.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
Nominal amount 
The Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under 
the Notes, as the case may be, entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such 
entry being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Bearer Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
Collateral Agent’s Powers 
In considering the interests of Noteholders while any Global Bearer Note is held on behalf of a clearing 
system, the Collateral Agent may have regard to any information provided to it by such clearing system or its 
operator as to the identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders with entitlements to such 
Global Bearer Note and may consider such interests as if such accountholders were the holders of the Notes 
represented by such Global Bearer Note.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
SUMMARY OF THE SERIES DOCUMENTS 
The following are summaries of certain provisions of the principal agreements entered into by the Issuer in 
relation to each Series of Notes and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of 
each such agreement. The following summaries do not purport to be complete, and prospective investors 
must refer to each series agreement for further information regarding such agreement. 
The following agreements are material for the implementation of this Programme as they specifically govern 
custodianship of the Series Assets as well as the collateral established on the Series Assets for the benefit 
of the Noteholders. 
Capitalised terms used in the summaries below but not defined therein shall have the meanings given to 
such terms in the Conditions. 
Collateral Agent & Pledge Agreement 
The Notes of each Series shall be secured by a pledge as constituted and governed by or pursuant to an 
instrument relating to the Notes and dated the Series Issue Date (as defined in the Conditions) between the 
Issuer and the Collateral Agent (the “Collateral Agent & Pledge Agreement”, “CA Pledge Agreement”). 
Pursuant to the CA Pledge Agreement in respect of a Series of Notes, the obligations of the Issuer relating 
to that Series shall be secured in favour of the Collateral Agent, for its benefit and the benefit of the Issuer 
Secured Creditors, by the security over the Series Assets, as described in the section of this Base Prospectus 
headed "Security Arrangements". 
The relevant CA Pledge Agreement further contains the provisions setting out the various obligations of the 
Issuer and the Collateral Agent with respect to the relevant Series of Notes, and will set out the covenants 
given by the Issuer in relation to such Series, including, without limitation, its covenant to pay, provisions 
relating to its duty to provide various persons with information, to prepare and display certain information, 
only to do such things as are contemplated within the applicable CA Pledge Agreement (most importantly, in 
relation to the issue and performance of the Notes) and its duties with respect to its obligations under the 
Notes. Each CA Pledge Agreement will also set out the basis for the remuneration and indemnification of the 
Collateral Agent in respect of its duties, the conditions for appointment, retirement and removal and contains 
provisions which are supplemental to certain statutory provisions and which set out the powers of the 
Collateral Agent and the extent of its duties.  
The Collateral Agent is a subsidiary of Van Eck Associates Corporation and is holding 100 % of the shares 
in the Issuer VanEck ETP AG. Notwithstanding the before stated, the Collateral Agent is and will act 
independently in the context of its function as Collateral Agent under the terms of the Notes, which will also 
be safeguarded by organisational structures within the Collateral Agent. 
Agency Agreement 
An agency agreement (the “Agency Agreement”) shall be concluded between the Issuer, the Issuing and 
Paying Agent and any other “Paying Agents” (such other Paying Agents being defined as such together with 
the Issuing and Paying Agent) and the Collateral Agent.  
The Agency Agreement sets out the duties and obligations of the relevant Agents in relation to: (i) the issue, 
payment, cancellation and listing of the Notes and (ii) the basis for the remuneration and indemnification of 
each Agent appointed in respect of the relevant Series in respect of their respective duties.  
The Agency Agreement also sets out the terms for the appointment, resignation (by at least 90 calendar days’ 
prior notice to the Issuer, the Collateral Agent and the other Agents) and termination of the appointment of 
the Issuing and Paying Agent (by at least 90 calendar days’ prior notice from the Issuer or on the occurrence 
of certain events, such as where such agent becomes incapable of acting, is dissolved, is adjudged bankrupt 
or insolvent, files for bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition for the benefit 
of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a receiver, administrator or similar official or a resolution is 
passed for its winding up, official management, liquidation or dissolution). 
The Collateral Agent is a subsidiary of Van Eck Associates Corporation and is holding 100 % of the shares 
in the Issuer VanEck ETP AG. Notwithstanding the before stated, the Collateral Agent is and will act 
independently in the context of its function as Collateral Agent under the terms of the Notes, which will also 
be safeguarded by organisational structures within the Collateral Agent. 
Calculation Agency Agreement 
A calculation agency agreement (the “Calculation Agency Agreement”) shall be concluded between the 
Issuer and the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
The Calculation Agency Agreement sets out the duties and obligation of the Calculation Agent in relation (i) 
to making such non-discretionary calculations and give such notices of the outcome thereof as expressly 
required to be performed by it under the Series Documents, and (ii) as soon as practicable on each date on 
which or at such time at which the Calculation Agent is expressly required under the Series Documents to 
calculate any amount, price, rate or value to give any notice relating thereto, making such calculations and 
delivering such notices expressly required to be given by it (in its capacity as Calculation Agent) in 
accordance with the Series Documents and obtaining any quotation, rate or value required in connection 
therewith as soon as reasonably practicable or as otherwise specified in the Series Documents. 
The Calculation Agency Agreement also sets out the terms for the appointment and termination of the 
appointment of the Calculation Agent. The appointment of the Calculation Agent may be terminated: (i) by at 
least 180 days’ prior notice from any party to each other party; (ii) by any party giving prior written notice in 
writing to the other parties that such party has materially failed to perform its duties and obligations and has 
failed to remedy such failure within 60 days of being so notified; (iii) by any party giving 90 days prior notice 
in writing to the other parties prior to the “liquidation” of any one or more Series; or (iv) immediately on the 
occurrence of certain events, such as where the Calculation Agent becomes incapable of acting, is dissolved, 
is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, files for bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, arrangement or 
composition for the benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a receiver, administrator or similar 
official or a resolution is passed for its winding up, official management, liquidation or dissolution). 
The Calculation Agent is a subsidiary of Van Eck Associates Corporation and is holding 100 % of the shares 
in the Issuer VanEck ETP AG. Notwithstanding the before stated, the Collateral Agent is and will act 
independently in the context of its function as Collateral Agent under the terms of the Notes, which will also 
be safeguarded by organisational structures within the Collateral Agent. 
Custody Agreement  
On or about the Series Issue Date, the Issuer and the Custodian will enter into an Liechtenstein law governed 
custody and safekeeping agreement (the "Custody Agreement").  
 
The Custody Agreement sets out the duties and obligations of the Custodian and Sub-Custodian in relation 
to (i) the holding of the Custodied Assets and the Digital Assets acquired by the Issuer and (ii) the basis for 
the remuneration and indemnification of the Custodian.  
 
A description of the manner in which the Digital Assets will be held on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with 
the terms of the Custody Agreement is included in the section of this Base Prospectus headed "Digital Assets 
Custody". 
 
Authorised Participant Agreement 
An authorised participant agreement (the “Authorised Participant Agreement”) shall be concluded between 
the Issuer and each Authorised Participant. Such Authorised Participant Agreement sets out the terms on 
which an Authorised Participant will act as Authorised Participant in relation to each Series of Notes issued 
by the Issuer under the Programme. Each Authorised Participant appointed by the Issuer shall enter into an 
authorised participant agreement on substantially equivalent terms.  
The Authorised Participant Agreement sets out the conditions for appointment, resignation (by at least 60 
calendar days’ prior notice to the Issuer and each other Series Party) and termination (by the Issuer with 
immediate effect if an Authorised Participant Bankruptcy Event occurs and in any other circumstance by at 
least 30 calendar days’ prior notice, of the appointment of the relevant Authorised Participant, unless there 
is more than one Authorised Participant, in which case the Issuer may terminate the appointment of any 
Authorised Participant with immediate effect for a material breach of its obligations which to the extent such 
breach is capable of being remedied is not remedied within 15 calendar days of the relevant Authorised 
Participant becoming aware of, or its receiving notice from the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent or the 
Collateral Agent of such breach or if the Issuer determines, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, that the conduct of such Authorised Participant is materially detrimental to the reputation or 
development potential of the business of the Issuer or any other Series Party or the relationships of those 
entities with third parties). The Authorised Participant Agreement includes an indemnity from the Issuer 
relating to the representations and warranties given by the Issuer in such agreement. 
Operating Procedures Agreement 
An operating procedures agreement (the “Operating Procedures Agreement”) will be concluded between, 
among others, the Issuer and each Authorised Participants.  Any further Eligible Authorised Participant which 
accedes in respect of the Series after the Series Issue Date will be required to become a party to the 
Operating Procedures Agreement. The Operating Procedures Agreement will set out the relevant procedures

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
by which any Authorised Participant may subscribe for Notes of a Series from the Issuer, or redeem Notes 
of a Series to the Issuer. 
Cost Transfer Agreement 
In addition to the Series Documents, the Issuer and VanEck (Europe) GmbH have entered into a Cost 
Transfer Agreement according to which VanEck (Europe) GmbH has committed to bear any and all costs 
related to the establishment and ongoing maintenance of the Issuer as well as to the Issue of (Series of) 
Notes on the basis of this Base Prospectus (and Final Terms for the relevant Series of Notes).

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
DIGITAL ASSETS CUSTODY  
The following description of the safekeeping arrangements in respect of the Digital Assets consists of a 
summary and overview of certain provisions of the Custody Agreement relating to a Series of Notes, and is 
qualified in its entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of each such Custody Agreement. 
The Issuer stores each unit of the digital assets (each such unit a “Digital Asset”) in a digital wallet created 
and maintained for and on behalf of the Issuer by the Custodian, which is a bank licensed and with domicile 
in Liechtenstein. The Custodian is responsible for up-to-date safety and security measures with regard to the 
wallet. 
Digital Asset are held in cold storage on hardware secure modules (“HSMs”). HSMs are physical computing 
devices designed to safeguard and manage cryptographic secrets, such as digital keys. The HSM 
Technology follows the principle of a defense-in-depth security system that includes protection against 
human error and abuse through insider access. It follows the idea that private keys must be kept in cold 
storage.  
Under the Custody Agreement, the Custodian will credit all Digital Assets properly authorised by the Issuer 
to the wallets, as applicable. Such credit will be made on the same business day as the transaction is finalised 
by the relevant network, except that transactions finalised after 16:00 h (Liechtenstein time) may be 
processed on the next business day. 
The Custody Agreement provides that the Issuer will be able to access the wallets via the Issuer’s services 
at all times, in order to check information about the wallet and add and withdraw Digital Assets from the 
wallets and otherwise use the Custodian’s services within the framework of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes and the CA Pledge Agreement. The Custody Agreement further provides that the Issuer’s auditors 
and/or third-party accountants, as well as the Collateral Agent, upon reasonable notice, have inspection 
rights to visit and inspect the Custodian and the wallets. 
The Custodian will, provided that and as long as no Event of Default has occurred, only allow withdrawals 
from the wallets subject to and in line with the terms of the CA Pledge Agreement. Such withdrawals will be 
made on the same business day as the transaction is finalised by the relevant network, except that 
transactions finalised after 16:00 h (Liechtenstein time) may be processed on the next business day.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS 
The following description of the security arrangements relating to the Programme consists of a summary and 
overview of certain provisions of the CA Pledge Agreement relating to a Series of Notes, and is qualified in 
its entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of each such CA Pledge Agreement.  
The Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Notes of each Series are secured by the Issuer Security created 
by the CA Pledge Agreement relating to such Series and Series Assets. 
The Issuer Security created by the CA Pledge Agreement in respect of a Series of Notes is granted to the 
Collateral Agent as continuing security for the Noteholders.  
CA Pledge Agreement 
Pursuant to the CA Pledge Agreement relating to a Series of Notes, in respect of that Series the obligations 
of the Issuer under the Notes shall be secured by a charge in favour of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit 
of the Noteholders, on: 
 
(i) all sums held now or in the future by or on behalf of the Issuer (including, without limitation, by the Issuing 
and Paying Agent) to meet payments due in respect of the obligations and duties of the Issuer under the CA 
Pledge Agreement and the Notes and all rights and claims of the Issuer relating to such sums,  
(ii) the Series Assets and any sums of money or other property received or receivable now or in the future 
by or on behalf of the Issuer from or in context with the Series Assets and all rights and claims of the Issuer 
with regard to the Series Assets and such sums or property,  
(iii) all of the Issuer’s rights and claims as against the Custodian, relating to the Notes, and  
(iv) all of the Issuer’s rights and claims in respect of any sum or property now or in the future standing to the 
credit of the Series Account, 
in each case, to the extent that they relate to such Series of the Notes. 
Under the CA Pledge Agreement, the parties agree that the Issuing and Paying Agent, if and to the extent 
he holds assets for and on behalf of the Issuer, and the Custodian holding the Series Assets in the Series 
Account(s), will register the charge in favour of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Noteholders with 
regard to the respective accounts and will exclusively comply with the instructions issued by the Collateral 
Agent with respect to the disposition of the assets held by the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Custodian. 
The circumstances and manner of issuing such instructions will be further described in the CA Pledge 
Agreement. 
Enforcement of the Issuer Security 
The Issuer Security constituted by the CA Pledge Agreement in respect of a Series of Notes will become 
enforceable if an Event of Default occurs with respect to such Notes. The proceeds of such enforcement will 
be applied in accordance with the order of priority set out in Condition 5.4 of the Notes.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
THE ISSUER 
General 
The Issuer was incorporated as VanEck ETP AG on 16.07.2020 as a society limited by shares and is validly 
existing under the Liechtenstein Persons and Companies Act (with registered number FL-0002.640.173-8).  
The Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purposes of issuing collateralised 
exchange traded securities. The Issuer is incorporated and registered in Liechtenstein and operates subject 
to the laws of Liechtenstein. The registered office of the Issuer is at Landstrasse 40, 9495 Triesen, 
Liechtenstein. The LEI (Legal Entity Identifier) of the Issuer is 529900R2B8HNG8H5ED30. 
Further information on the Issuer can be found on the website www.vaneck.com. Neither this website nor its 
contents do form part of this Prospectus. 
Share Capital and Shareholders 
The Issuer is part of the VanEck group: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The authorised share capital of the Issuer is 50’000 USD divided into 50,000 registered shares of USD 1.00 
each (the "Issuer Shares"), all of which are issued and fully paid up. The sole shareholder of the Issuer is 
VanEck (Europe) GmbH, the shares of which are 100 % held by Van Eck Associates Corporation. The 
shareholding in Van Eck Associates Corporation in turn is split between a number of private trust structures. 
The Issuer has no subsidiaries. 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since the date 
of its incorporation. Save for the issue of Notes and their related arrangements contemplated in this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer has no borrowings or indebtedness in the nature of borrowing and no contingent 
liabilities or guarantees.  
Business 
The principal objects of the Issuer are, according to Art 3 of its Articles of Association the issuance of financial 
instruments such as (but not limited to) the Notes; the acquisition, administration and sale of participations 
in other entities (including service companies and / or manufacturing companies) in Liechtenstein and abroad; 
to act as holding company; acquisition, management and sale of real estate and other tangible assets of all 
kind in Liechtenstein and abroad; commercial transactions of all kind for own and third-party account in 
Liechtenstein and abroad; processing of financial and legal transactions of all kind in context with the 
management of the company or useful for its purposes. The Issuer must not perform activities which are 
subject to a licensing requirement on the basis of specific legal acts and which require a license from the 
Liechtenstein Financial Markets Authority.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
The assets of the Issuer will consist solely of the Series Assets and the issued and paid-up capital of the 
Issuer and fees. The only assets of the Issuer available to meet claims of Noteholders and other secured 
creditors of the Issuer are the Series Assets, which are pledged to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the 
Noteholders of a specific Series of Notes. The Issuer will be paid a fee for agreeing to issue the relevant 
Notes. Other than the fees paid to the Issuer, its share capital and any income derived therefrom, there is no 
intention that the Issuer accumulates surpluses. Based on a cost transfer agreement between the Issuer and 
Van Eck (Europe) GmbH, the latter will bear the costs related to the establishment and ongoing maintenance 
of the Issuer as well as the costs of this Issue. 
The Notes of each Series are direct, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer alone and not of the 
shareholders, officers, members, directors, employees of the Issuer or any Series Party, any Noteholders or 
any obligor in respect of any Series Assets. Furthermore, they are not obligations of, or guaranteed in any 
way by, any of the other Series Parties. 
The Issuer will solely issue, market and distribute the securities issued under this programme. Marketing and 
distribution activities will be conducted by third parties engaged by the Issuer. For this purpose the Issuer will 
enter into distribution agreements and placement agreements with affiliated entities of the Issuer as well as 
third parties.  
The Issuer will also conduct distribution and marketing activities (through third parties acting on the basis of 
distribution and placement agreements with the Issuer) in other countries subject to the applicable local 
marketing and private placement regimes.  
 
Directors 
The members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer (Verwaltungsrat) and their respective principal 
occupations are: 
1. Gijsbert Koning 
Mr. Koning is Managing Director of VanEck Asset Management B.V. and COO, Europe having its registered 
office at Barbara Strozilaan 310, 1083 HN, Amsterdam, Netherlands. VanEck Asset Management B.V. is a 
UCITS management company authorised by the Dutch regulator.  
2. Torsten Hunke 
Mr. Hunke is Managing Director of VanEck (Europe) GmbH and Head of Legal and Compliance for VanEck 
in Europe.  
3. Alexander Baker 
Alexander Baker is a partner at Griffin Trust AG, a professional trust company regulated in Liechtenstein. 
 
4. Arno Sprenger 
Arno Sprenger is a partner at Griffin Trust AG, a professional trust company regulated in Liechtenstein. 
 
5. James Inglis 
James Inglis is a professional accountant and tax consultant at Griffin Trust AG, a Liechtenstein trust service 
provider. 
 
 
Conflicts of Interest  
The Issuer is a 100 % subsidiary of VanEck (Europe) GmbH, which at the same time serves as the Arranger 
& Calculation Agent and Collateral Agent in the course of this Programme. 
Two of the four members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer are employees of affiliates of Van Eck 
Associates Corporation in Europe and might therefore be subject to conflicts of interest: 
Mr. Torsten Hunke is also acting as director of the Arranger & Calculation Agent VanEck (Europe) GmbH, 
which serves as Collateral Agent. 
Mr. Gijsbert Koning is also acting as the managing director of VanEck Asset Management B.V., a subsidiary 
of Van Eck Associates Corporation. 
However, these members of the Board of Directors are subject to the global and local conflict of interest 
policies and procedures of Van Eck Associates Corporation. This includes the code of ethics and the policies 
on gifts and entertainment, personal trading, outside activity, AML and outsourcing.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
Furthermore, proper and ethical business operations free of conflicts of interest, which could be to the 
disadvantage of Noteholders, are safeguarded by the Liechtenstein board member, Mr. Alexander Baker, 
who is independent from and does not have any interests in any of the entities of the VanEck Group (other 
than the Issuer). 
Apart therefrom, there are currently no conflicts of interest between the members of the board of directors of 
the Issuer and the private interests of the directors.  
Financial Statements 
The Issuer will publish audited financial statements on an annual basis. The financial year of the Issuer will 
end on 31 December in each year.  
The Issuer has set up audited Financial Statements as per 31.12.2023 which have been established in 
accordance with the accounting standards according to IFRS and PGR:  
The Financial Statements are attached to this prospectus (see Schedules)  
There are no known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably likely to 
have a material effect on the Issuer’s prospects for at least the current financial year and there have been 
no recent significant changes in the Issuer’s financial position. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer were, from 2020 on, AAC Revision & Treuhand AG of Landstrasse 123, 9495 
Triesen. AAC has last audited the Financial Statements of the Issuer as of 31.12.2020. Since March 2022, 
the auditors of the Issuer are BDO (Liechtenstein) AG, Wuhrstrasse 14, 9490 Vaduz Liechtenstein. BDO has 
audited the Financial Statements of the Issuer since and including the audited Financial Statements as of 
31.12.2021. The auditors are chartered accountants qualified to practise in Liechtenstein and members of 
the Liechtenstein Association of Chartered Accountants. 
Audited financial statements prepared by the Issuer (which will, in each case, be in respect of the period 
ending on 31 December of the relevant year) can be obtained by Noteholders from the registered office of 
the Issuer and are also available for inspection at the Liechtenstein Company Register Office. Accounts will 
be established and audited in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). 
Capitalisation 
The following table sets out the audited capitalisation of the Issuer as of 31.12.2023: 
 
USD 
 
2023 
 
2022 
Non-current assets 
 
 
 
 
Investments in intangible assets 
 
521'150'714 
 
214'887’131 
Current Assets 
 
 
 
 
Debtors and prepayments 
121'581 
 
165’126 
 
Cash and bank balances 
3'834'660 
 
2'695’169 
 
 
 
3'956'241 
 
2'860’295 
Total Assets 
 
525'106'955 
 
217'747’426 
 
 
 
 
 
Capital and reserves 
 
 
 
 
Ordinary Shares USD 1 
50’000 
 
50’000 
 
Capital contributions reserve 
61’173 
 
61’173 
 
Retained earnings 
3'081'375 
 
2'303'583 
 
 
 
3'192'548 
 
2'414'756

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Current liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Provision for taxation 
111'198 
 
122’142 
 
Creditors and accruals 
890'536 
 
430’039 
 
 
 
1'001'734 
 
552'181 
Non-current liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Borrowing 
 
520'912'673 
 
214'780’489 
Total equity and liabilities 
 
525'106'955 
 
217'747’426 
 
 
Annual 
General 
Meeting: 
The Issuer will hold at least one 
annual general meeting each year 
within 6 months from the date of 
closure of the business year.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
THE ARRANGER AND CALCULATION AGENT  
The information set out in this section of this Base Prospectus headed "The Arranger and Calculation Agent" 
has been obtained from VanEck (Europe) GmbH. Such information has been accurately reproduced and, as 
far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by VanEck (Europe) GmbH, no 
facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Delivery of 
this Base Prospectus shall not create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of VanEck 
(Europe) GmbH since the date hereof, or that the information contained or referred to in this section is correct 
as of any time subsequent to its date. 
General 
VanEck (Europe) GmbH was incorporated in Frankfurt am Main, Germany on 6 March 2009 as a Gesellschaft 
mit beschränkter Haftung (limited liability company) and is validly existing under the Local Court of Frankfurt 
am Main, Germany (with registered number HRB 85306). The LEI of the Arranger and Calculation Agent ist 
254900T3EPF7PNF9PI15.     
VanEck (Europe) GmbH is a wholly owned subsidiary of Van Eck Associates Corporation. 
The registered office of VanEck (Europe) GmbH is at Kreuznacher Str. 30, 60486 Frankfurt, Germany. 
Management 
The Directors of VanEck (Europe) GmbH are: 
 
Mr. Torsten Hunke, Managing Director 
Business 
The principal activity of VanEck (Europe) GmbH mainly comprises in supporting VanEck’s subsidiaries and 
in marketing and sales support of VanEck’s UCITS. 
The Notes are obligations of the Issuer alone and not of VanEck (Europe) GmbH.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
THE COLLATERAL AGENT  
 
The information set out in this section of this Base Prospectus headed "The Collateral Agent" has been 
obtained from VanEck (Europe) GmbH. Such information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the 
Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by VanEck (Europe) GmbH, no facts have 
been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Delivery of this Base 
Prospectus shall not create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of VanEck (Europe) 
GmbH since the date hereof, or that the information contained or referred to in this section is correct as of 
any time subsequent to its date. 
General 
VanEck (Europe) GmbH was incorporated in Frankfurt am Main, Germany on 6 March 2009 as a Gesellschaft 
mit beschränkter Haftung (limited liability company) and is validly existing under the Local Court of Frankfurt 
am Main, Germany (with registered number HRB 85306).    
VanEck (Europe) GmbH is a wholly owned subsidiary of Van Eck Associates Corporation. 
The registered office of VanEck (Europe) GmbH is at Kreuznacher Str. 30, 60486 Frankfurt, Germany. 
Management 
The Directors of VanEck (Europe) GmbH are: 
 
Mr. Torsten Hunke, Managing Director 
Business 
The principal activity of VanEck (Europe) GmbH mainly comprises in supporting VanEck’s subsidiaries and 
in marketing and sales support of VanEck’s UCITS. 
The Notes are obligations of the Issuer alone and not of VanEck (Europe) GmbH.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
THE CUSTODIAN 
The information set out in this section of this Base Prospectus headed "The Custodian" has been obtained 
from Bank Frick & Co AG. Such information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is 
aware and able to ascertain from information published by Bank Frick & Co AG, no facts have been omitted 
that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Delivery of this Base Prospectus 
shall not create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of Bank Frick & Co AG since the 
date hereof, or that the information contained or referred to in this section is correct as of any time subsequent 
to its date. 
Bank Frick & Co AG is a Liechtenstein licensed bank and custodian which has been established in the legal 
form of a society limited by shares on 21.12.1998 and registered in the Liechtenstein Company Register with 
register number FL-0001.548.501-4. The domicile of the Custodian is at Landstrasse 14, 9496 Balzers, 
Principality of Liechtenstein. 
Liechtenstein is a jurisdiction with a blockchain and crypto regulation which took effect on January 1, 2020.  
As a bank and crypto custodian in Liechtenstein, Bank Frick & Co AG must comply with the applicable 
regulation, capital requirements and detailed reporting standards. Bank Frick & Co AG’s is an experienced 
crypto custodian and provides services that adhere to the relevant blockchain and cryptocurrency regulations 
and a stringent regulatory framework and capital requirements. 
Bank Frick & Co AG offers its services mainly to financial intermediaries. It has expertise in the area of 
tailored fund solutions and specialises blockchain banking services. The technology used for Cold Storage 
is considered the most secure cold storage solution available in the market. This is a key factor as several 
cold wallet solutions exist. Furthermore, Bank Frick applies a range of mitigating measures to reduce the 
cyber security risk, custody risk and to apply very high anti money laundering standards to reduce legal, 
compliance and reputational risk for clients and intermediaries. 
The Board of Directors of the banks is formed by Dr. Mario Frick, Roland Frick, Rolf Jermann, Herman Kotzé 
and Michael Kramer, the managing directors of Bank Frick & Co AG are Edi Wögerer, Michael Dolzer and 
Melanie Mündle. 
Further information on the bank can be found on its website www.bankfrick.li. Neither this website nor its 
contents do form part of this Prospectus.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
AUTHORISED PARTICIPANTS 
 
As per the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer has entered into Authorised Participant Agreements with 
several Authorised Participants,  each Authorised Participant will be expressly named as an Authorised 
Participant on the Issuer’s website (www.vaneck.com). 
 
Further Authorised Participants will be published on the Issuer’s Website.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
TAX WARNING 
It is recommended that prospective investors consult their own professional advisers concerning the possible 
tax consequences of buying, holding or selling any Notes under the applicable laws of their country of 
citizenship, residence or domicile. Investors should be aware that the tax legislation of the investor’s domicile 
as well as the Issuer’s country of incorporation (Liechtenstein) may have an impact on the income received 
from the securities.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Only Authorised Participants may subscribe for Notes from the Issuer, acting as principals in respect of such 
subscriptions.  
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by agreement between the Issuer and the Authorised Participants 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Final 
Terms issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
None of the Issuer or any Authorised Participant represents that the Notes may at any time lawfully be sold 
in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Each Authorised Participant agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that it will, to the best 
of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any 
other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Authorised Participant shall 
have responsibility therefor. 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, as amended, or the securities 
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, or with any securities regulatory authority of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States and the Issuer has not and will not be registered under the 
Investment Company Act. Notes may not be legally or beneficially owned by any U.S. person at any time nor 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and 
regulations thereunder. 
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement, and 
each further Authorised Participant appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered or sold and will not offer and sell Notes at any time, directly or indirectly, within the 
United States or its possessions or for the account or benefit of (i) a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"), (ii) a "U.S. person" as defined in the Interpretive Guidance and 
Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations promulgated by the U.S. Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") pursuant to the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, 
as amended, (iii) a person other than a "Non-United States person" as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7, or (iv) a 
"United States person" as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. Treasury 
regulations promulgated thereunder, in each case, as such definition may be amended, modified or 
supplemented from time to time. Each Authorised Participant has further represented and agreed that it has 
not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes except in accordance with Rule 903 
of Regulation S under the Securities Act, and that none of it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their 
behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to such Notes, and it and they 
have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. In addition, until 40 
days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer 
(whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Offering materials for the offering of the Notes have not been filed with or approved or disapproved by the 
United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other state or federal regulatory authority, nor 
has any such regulatory authority passed upon or endorsed the merits of this offering or passed upon the 
accuracy or completeness of any offering materials. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
 
European Economic Area 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area which has implemented the Prospectus 
Regulation (each, a “Relevant Member State”), each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the 
relevant Authorised Participant Agreement, and each further Authorised Participant appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that with effect from and including the date on which the

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
Prospectus Regulation is applicable in that Relevant Member State (the “Relevant implementation Date”) 
it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms to the public in that Relevant Member State, 
except that it may, with effect from and including the Relevant Implementation Date, make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in that Relevant Member State: 
(i) 
if the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made by the 
Authorised Participant(s) other than pursuant to Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant 
Member State (a “Non-exempt Offer”), following the date of publication of the Base Prospectus in relation 
to such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in that 
Relevant Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final 
terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period (if 
any) beginning and ending on the dates (if any) specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and 
the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(ii) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Authorised Participant or 
Authorised Participants nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (ii) to (iv) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Authorised Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a base 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of the provision above, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes, as the same may be varied in that Member State by any measure 
implementing the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State, the expression “Prospectus Regulation” 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (incl. delegated acts such as Commission Delegated Regulations (EU) 
2019/979 and 2019/989) , and includes any relevant implementing measure in the Relevant Member State. 
United Kingdom 
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the Authorised Participant Agreement, and each 
further Authorised Participant appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by 
it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
The Issuer 
VanEck ETP AG 
Landstrasse 40 
9495 Triesen 
Liechtenstein 
 
1. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the 
establishment of the Programme. The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors passed on 22 September 2020, the prolongation of the Programme on the basis of this 
Base Prospectus has been resolved by the Board of Directors on 28 August 2024. 
2. 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial or trading 
position of the Issuer and no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 
its incorporation. 
3. 
The Issuer is not nor has it been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) since its incorporation 
which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on its financial position or profitability. 
4. 
Notes may be accepted for clearance through any Relevant Clearing System including Euroclear and 
Clearstream Banking Frankfurt systems (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The 
Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the 
identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
5. 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
6. 
Each Series of Notes that is to be listed and admitted to trading on a stock exchange and regulated or 
unregulated market within the EEA or abroad for certain Series of Notes issued on the basis of this Base 
Prospectus will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of Notes initially 
representing the Notes of such Series. The approval by the FMA of this Base Prospectus in respect of the 
Notes was granted on 26 September2024. 
7. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes to be issued in each Series will be determined, before 
filing of the relevant Final Terms of each Series, based on then prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does 
not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any of the Indices or issues of Notes. 
8. 
For so long as Notes remain outstanding, the following documents will be available, during usual business 
hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), for inspection at the registered 
office of the Issuer and at the registered office of the Collateral Agent in printed form: 
(A) 
the Issuer’s memorandum of association & Company Register Extracts;  
(B) 
the Issuer’s audited financial statements as per the end of a financial year; 
(C) 
the Final Terms in respect of each Series of Notes.  
 
The documents (A), (B) and (C) can further be inspected and downloaded at any time at the website of the 
Issuer at www.vaneck.com. 
 
9. 
BDO (Liechtenstein) AG,  audits the accounts of the Issuer. BDO (Liechtenstein) AG,  has no material interest 
in the Issuer. BDO (Liechtenstein) AG, is a member of the Liechtenstein Association of Chartered 
Accountants.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
10. 
Any website mentioned in this Base Prospectus or the contents thereof does not form part of the prospectus 
prepared for the purpose of seeking approval by the Liechtenstein FMA.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS VANECK ETP AG 2022

--- Page 116 ---
116

--- Page 117 ---
117

--- Page 118 ---
118

--- Page 119 ---
119

--- Page 120 ---
120

--- Page 121 ---
121

--- Page 122 ---
122

--- Page 123 ---
123

--- Page 124 ---
124

--- Page 125 ---
125

--- Page 126 ---
126

--- Page 127 ---
127

--- Page 128 ---
128

--- Page 129 ---
129

--- Page 130 ---
130

--- Page 131 ---
131

--- Page 132 ---
132

--- Page 133 ---
133

--- Page 134 ---
134

--- Page 135 ---
135

--- Page 136 ---
136

--- Page 137 ---
137

--- Page 138 ---
138

--- Page 139 ---
139

--- Page 140 ---
140

--- Page 141 ---
141

--- Page 142 ---
142

--- Page 143 ---
143

--- Page 144 ---
144

--- Page 145 ---
145

--- Page 146 ---
146

--- Page 147 ---
147

--- Page 148 ---
148

--- Page 149 ---
149

--- Page 150 ---
150

--- Page 151 ---
151

--- Page 152 ---
152

--- Page 153 ---
153

--- Page 154 ---
154

--- Page 155 ---
155

--- Page 156 ---
156

--- Page 157 ---
157

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS VANECK ETP AG 2023

--- Page 159 ---
159

--- Page 160 ---
160

--- Page 161 ---
161

--- Page 162 ---
162

--- Page 163 ---
163

--- Page 164 ---
164

--- Page 165 ---
165

--- Page 166 ---
166

--- Page 167 ---
167

--- Page 168 ---
168

--- Page 169 ---
169

--- Page 170 ---
170

--- Page 171 ---
171

--- Page 172 ---
172

--- Page 173 ---
173

--- Page 174 ---
174

--- Page 175 ---
175

--- Page 176 ---
176

--- Page 177 ---
177

--- Page 178 ---
178

--- Page 179 ---
179

--- Page 180 ---
180

--- Page 181 ---
181

--- Page 182 ---
182

--- Page 183 ---
183

--- Page 184 ---
184

--- Page 185 ---
185

--- Page 186 ---
186

--- Page 187 ---
187

--- Page 188 ---
188

--- Page 189 ---
189

--- Page 190 ---
190

--- Page 191 ---
191

--- Page 192 ---
192

--- Page 193 ---
193

--- Page 194 ---
194

--- Page 195 ---
195

--- Page 196 ---
196

--- Page 197 ---
197

--- Page 198 ---
198

--- Page 199 ---
199

--- Page 200 ---
200

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
Represented by 
 
 
 
_______________________ 
 
 
_______________________ 
 Alexander Baker   
 
 
 
Torsten Hunke