--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                         
 
 
 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
VanEck ETP AG 
(a society limited by shares incorporated in Liechtenstein) 
 
for the issue of notes under the 
 
VANECK VECTORS EXCHANGE TRADED NOTE PROGRAMME 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
27 September 2021 
This Base Prospectus was approved by the Liechtenstein Financial Markets Authority on 27 September 2021 and is 
valid until 26 September 2022. This Base Prospectus is a succeeding Base Prospectus continuing the offer of ETNs 
made by the Issuer on the basis of a Base Prospectus approved by the Liechtenstein Financial Markets Authority on 
28 September 2020, expired on 27 September 2021. This Base Prospectus as well as the initial Base Prospectus are 
available for inspection and download at www.vaneck.com. 
 
In case of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies the Issuer is obliged to establish a 
supplement to the Prospectus. The Issuers obligation to supplement a prospectus does not apply when a prospectus 
is no longer valid.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
VANECK VECTORS EXCHANGE TRADED NOTE PROGRAMME 
Under the VanEck Vectors Exchange Traded Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the 
“Programme”), VanEck ETP AG (the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, may from time to time issue collateralised exchange traded securities (the “Notes”) which seek to provide 
exposure to digital assets on the terms set out herein, as completed by the final terms in respect of the relevant 
Notes (the “Final Terms”).   
On the basis of the initial Base Prospectus valid from 28 September 2020 to 27 September 2021, the Issuer has 
already issued the following products, which are continued to be offered on the basis of this succeeding Base 
Prospectus: 
VanEck Vectors Ethereum ETN 
 
VETH ISIN  
DE000A3GPSP7 
VanEck Vectors Bitcoin ETN 
 
VBTC ISIN  
DE000A28M8D0 
VanEck Vectors Polkadot ETN 
 
VDOT ISIN 
DE000A3GSUC5 
VanEck Vectors Solana ETN 
 
VSOL ISIN 
DE000A3GSUD3  
VanEck Vectors TRON ETN 
 
VTRX ISIN 
DE000A3GSUE1 
The Notes are designed to provide institutionalised professional investment solutions for investors who wish to gain 
exposure to digital assets without having to open their own digital assets accounts or maintain digital asset wallets 
in order to hold the digital assets directly.   
The principal asset from which the Issuer will make payments to Investors of each Series of the Notes will be a 
portfolio of assets (the “Series Assets”) which will be selected and managed in order to replicate, to the extent 
practicable the value and yield performance (before fees and expenses) of an index. Underlying the relevant index 
for each Series will be one or more digital assets. The return on a Series of Notes will be linked to the daily 
performance of the Series Assets underlying that Series. 
The aggregate number of Notes issued under the Programme will not at any time exceed 1,000,000,000.- per Series 
of Notes. 
Notes will be issued in Series (as defined in the section entitled “Description of the Programme”) and each Series 
will be secured in favour of the Collateral Agent (as defined herein) for the benefit of the investors (“Noteholders”) 
by security over the Series Assets (as defined herein). Claims against the Issuer by holders of the Notes of a 
particular Series or of any other party to a Series Document in respect of that Series, will be limited to the Series 
Assets applicable to that Series. During the term of the Notes and on enforcement of the security over the Series 
Assets, claims of the Noteholders to amounts due and to be paid under the Notes will be subordinated to the claims 
of, among others, the Collateral Agent and any other claims specified in the relevant Collateral Agent & Pledge 
Agreement (“CA Pledge Agreement”) or applicable law that rank in priority to the Notes.  
The obligations of the Issuer under each Series of Notes are limited to the amount of the Series Assets. If 
the net proceeds of the enforcement of the security over the Series Assets for a Series of Notes are not 
sufficient to make all payments then due in respect of the Notes of that Series and, if applicable, the claims 
of any other Series Parties (as defined in the Final Terms), no other assets of the Issuer (if any) will be 
available to meet any shortfall. The Issuer will not be obliged to make any further payments in excess of 
such net proceeds and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect of such shortfall. Therefore, the 
Noteholders, or any person on their behalf, will not be able to successfully take any action against the 
Issuer (including instituting, or joining with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining, insolvency 
or examinership proceedings (whether court based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer) to recover any 
such shortfall. 
The Notes will be obligations solely of the Issuer and will not be guaranteed by, or be the responsibility of, any other 
entity. 
Products issued under this Programme do not qualify as units of a collective investment scheme according 
to the relevant provisions of Liechtenstein Law, such as UCITS, AIFMG or IUG. Contrary to investment fund 
products or entities managing and offering investment funds, neither the products issued under this 
Prospectus nor the Issuer are licensed or supervised by the Liechtenstein Financial Markets Authority. The 
rights and legal position of investors acquiring products under this Prospectus are limited recourse claims 
against the Issuer and are not comparable with rights and the legal position an investor has when acquiring 
units in an investment fund. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Liechtenstein Financial Markets Authority, Landstrasse 109, 9490 
Vaduz, Principality of Liechtenstein (the “FMA”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
“Prospectus Regulation”) on 27 September 2021. The FMA only approves a security prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or a confirmation of the quality of the securities 
offered under this Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
securities. 
The Issuer has requested the FMA to notify the approval of the Base Prospectus in accordance with Chapter 5 of 
the Prospectus Regulation to the competent Financial Markets Authorities of Austria, Denmark, Finland, France, 
Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Poland by providing them, inter alia, 
with certificates of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer may request the FMA to provide competent authorities in other EEA Member 
States with such certificates whether for the purposes of making a public offer in such Member States or for 
admission to trading of all or any Series of Notes on a regulated market therein or both. 
The Base Prospectus is further registered for distribution in Switzerland. The Notes issued under the Base 
Prospectus are admitted to trading at Deutsche Börse Xetra, Euronext Amsterdam, Euronext Paris and SIX Swiss 
Exchange. The Issuer may make application to additional stock exchanges and regulated or unregulated markets 
including multilateral trading facilities within the EEA or abroad for certain Series of Notes issued on the basis of 
this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading. There can be no assurance that any application for listing will be 
successful or that, if successful, the admission to listing will be maintained for the term of the Notes. The Issuer 
reserves the right not to make applications for certain Series of Notes or to subsequently unlist certain Series of 
Notes.  
The Notes are complex, structured products involving a significant degree of risk. In particular, an investment in 
Notes giving exposure to the daily performance of the applicable index is only appropriate for investors that 
understand the risk associated with the applicable index. Prospective purchasers of Notes should obtain their own 
independent accounting, tax and legal advice and should consult their own professional investment advisors in 
order to determine the merits and risks of an investment in the Notes and the suitability to them of an investment to 
them in the light of their own circumstances and financial condition. The Notes involve a high degree of risk and 
potential investors should be prepared to sustain a loss of all or part of their investment. See “Risk Factors” on page 
9 and following. 
This Base Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the Notes. This Base Prospectus is not 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation 
by any of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Custodian or any other 
Series Party that any recipient of this Base Prospectus should purchase the Notes. 
 
Arranger 
VanEck (Europe) GmbH 
Custodian 
Bank Frick & Co AG 
Collateral Agent 
VanEck (Europe) GmbH 
Issuing & Paying Agent 
Quirin Privatbank AG 
Calculation Agent 
VanEck (Europe) GmbH 
Authorised Participant 
Flow Traders B.V.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
VanEck ETP AG, having its registered office at Landstrasse 36, 9495 Triesen, Liechtenstein (“the Issuer”)  
accepts responsibility for all information contained in this document. To the best of the knowledge of the 
Issuer, who has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this 
document is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under the applicable law. 
The information in the section of this Base Prospectus headed "Description of the Indices" consists only 
of extracts from, or summaries of, publicly available information. Such publicly available information was 
not prepared in connection with the offering of the Notes. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the accurate 
reproduction of such information. As far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by the relevant Index Administrator, no facts have been omitted which would render such 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The information in the section of this Base Prospectus headed “The Arranger and the Calculation Agent” 
consists only of information provided to the Issuer by VanEck (Europe) GmbH, having its registered office 
at Kreuznacher Strasse 30, 60486 Frankfurt am Main, Germany (the “Arranger and Calculation Agent”). The 
Issuer accepts responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such information. As far as the Issuer is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information published by VanEck (Europe) GmbH, no facts have been 
omitted which would render such reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The information in the section of this Base Prospectus headed “The Collateral Agent”consists only of 
information provided to the Issuer by the Collateral Agent VanEck (Europe) GmbH. The Issuer accepts 
responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such information. As far as the Issuer is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information published by the Collateral Agent, if any, no facts have been omitted which 
would render such reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The information in the section of this Base Prospectus headed “The Custodian” consists only of 
information provided to the Issuer by Bank Frick & Co AG, having its registered office at Landstrasse 14, 
9496 Balzers, Liechtenstein. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such 
information. As far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by Bank Frick 
& Co AG, no facts have been omitted which would render such reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
The information in the section of this Base Prospectus headed “Authorised Participants” consists only of 
information provided to the Issuer by Flow Traders, having its registered office at Jacob Bontiusplaats 9, 
1018 LL Amsterdam, the Netherlands,and Jane Street Financial Limited, 2 and a Half Devonshire Square, 
London EC2M 4 UJ (the “Authorised Participants”). Further Authorised Participants will be published on 
the Issuer’s Website. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such information. 
As far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by the Authorised 
Participants, no facts have been omitted which would render such reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
Additional information with respect to Authorised Participants and new information unknown at the time of 
the approval of the Base Prospectus will be published on the Issuer's Website www.vaneck.com. If and to 
the extent additional information, changes or amendments require the publication of a Supplement in 
accordance with Art 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, such Supplement will be published on the Issuer’s 
Website. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that it permits offers that are not made within an 
exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 3.2 of the Prospectus Regulation 
(“Non-exempt Offers”) in Liechtenstein, Austria, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, 
the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden, Poland and Switzerland  (the “Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions”). 
Any person making or intending to make a non-exempt Offer of Notes on the basis of this Base Prospectus 
must do so only with the Issuer's consent as described below. In the context of any Non-exempt Offer of 
Notes, the Issuer accepts responsibility in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base 
Prospectus in relation to any person (an “Investor”) who purchases any Notes in a Non-exempt Offer made 
by an Authorised Participant (as defined below), where that offer is made during the Offer Period (as defined 
below).

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
Except in the circumstances described below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any offer by any 
offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in 
connection with any offer of the Notes in any jurisdiction. Any offer made without the consent of the Issuer 
is unauthorised and neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, the Arranger accepts any 
responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such 
unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an Authorised 
Participant, the Investor is advised to check with such person whether anyone is responsible for this Base 
Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If an Investor is 
in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents, 
the Investor is advised to take legal advice. 
The Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented at the relevant time, if applicable) 
in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of a Series of Notes in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms during the Offer Period by or to each of the following financial 
intermediaries (each, an "Authorised Participant"): 
 (i) 
any person or entity expressly named as an Authorised Participant in the Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
any person or entity expressly named as an Authorised Participant on the Issuer's website: 
www.vaneck.com (in which case, its name and address will be published on the Issuer’s 
website). 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods occurring within 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Arrangements between an Investor and the Authorised Participant who will distribute the Notes 
Neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, the Arranger, the Custodian, the Paying Agents, the 
Collateral Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent have any responsibility for any of 
the actions of any Authorised Participant, including compliance by an Authorised Participant with 
applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law 
requirements in relation to such offer. 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Participant will do so, and 
offers and sales of the Notes to such Investor by an Authorised Participant will be made, in accordance 
with any terms and other arrangements in place between that Authorised Participant and such Investor 
including as to price, allocations and settlement arrangements (the "Terms and Conditions of the Non-
exempt Offer"). The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements with such Investor and, accordingly, 
this Base Prospectus does not contain such information. The Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt 
Offer shall be provided to such Investor by that Authorised Participant at the time the offer is made. None 
of the Issuer or, for the avoidance of doubt, any other Authorised Participants has any responsibility or 
liability for such information. 
The Authorised Participants, the Arranger, the Custodian, the Paying Agents, the Collateral Agent, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent have not separately verified the information contained 
herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Authorised Participant(s), the Arranger, the Custodian, the 
Paying Agents, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the financial information contained herein, or any other financial statements 
or any further information supplied in connection with the Programme or any of the Notes or their 
distribution. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained 
in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements or further information 
supplied pursuant to the terms of the Programme or any of the Notes and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by any of the Issuer, any Authorised 
Participant, the Arranger, the Custodian, the Paying Agents, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing and Paying 
Agent and the Calculation Agent. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any further information supplied pursuant to the terms of the Programme 
or the Notes are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
considered as a recommendation or constituting an invitation or offer by or on behalf of any of the Issuer 
or any Authorised Participant, the Arranger, the Custodian, the Paying Agents, the Collateral Agent, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or any other Series Party that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any further information supplied pursuant to the terms of the Programme or any of the Notes 
should subscribe for or purchase any of the Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any of the 
Notes is advised to make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its 
own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer.  
The delivery of the Base Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained herein 
concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other financial 
statements or any further information supplied pursuant to the terms of the Programme or any of the Notes 
is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Each of the Authorised Participants, the Arranger, the Custodian, the Paying Agents, the Collateral Agent, 
the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent expressly does not undertake to review the 
financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the validity, effectiveness or adequacy of any security provided 
by the Issuer during the term of the Programme. 
Any investment in the Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of the 
deposit protection scheme operated by the banks of Liechtenstein or elsewhere. The Issuer is not and will 
not be regulated by the Liechtenstein FMA as a result of issuing the Notes. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see the section headed “Subscription and Sale”.  
All references in this document to “£”, “pounds”, “Pounds Sterling” and “Sterling” are to the lawful 
currency of the United Kingdom, all references to “$”, “US$”, “USD” and “US dollars” are to the lawful 
currency of the United States of America, references to “CHF” and “Swiss Francs” are references to the 
lawful currency of Switzerland, references to “HK$”, “HKD” and “Hong Kong dollars” are references to the 
lawful currency of the Hong Kong SAR, references to “JPY”, “JP Yen”, “¥”, “JP¥” and “Japanese Yen” are 
references to the lawful currency of Japan and references to “€”, “euro” and “EUR”, are to the currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty 
establishing the European Community as amended by the Treaty on European Union. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the websites referred to in this document and the contents thereof do not form part of this Base 
Prospectus unless explicitly specified. 
Benchmark Administrator  
Under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark Regulation”), benchmark administrators should apply 
for authorisation or registration as an administrator before 1 January 2020. Upon such authorisation or 
registration, the benchmark administrator or the benchmark will appear on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer intends to only use benchmarks with an administrator indicated in 
the ESMA register within the meaning of the Benchmark Regulation for any of the Series of Notes issued 
on the basis of this Base Prospectus.  
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and includes any delegated 
acts (such as Commission Delegated Regulations (EU) 2019/979 and 2019/980) and relevant implementing 
measure in each Relevant Member State.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
Inhaltsverzeichnis 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
4 
SUMMARY 
9 
RISK FACTORS 
10 
I. GENERAL 
10 
II. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE LEGAL STRUCTURE 
11 
III. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
13 
IV. RISKS RELATED TO OTHER SERIES PARTIES 
20 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
21 
ECONOMIC OVERVIEW OF THE NOTES 
30 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SERIES ASSETS 
35 
DESCRIPTION OF THE INDICES 
37 
DESCRIPTION OF THE DIGITAL ASSETS 
42 
SUPPLEMENTS 
47 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
48 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
49 
1. DEFINITIONS 
50 
2. FORM AND TITLE 
56 
3. CONSTITUTION AND STATUS 
56 
4. NOTE VALUE 
56 
5. SECURITY 
56 
6. RESTRICTIONS 
59 
7. REDEMPTION 
61 
8. DISRUPTION EVENTS, ADJUSTMENTS EVENTS AND POSTPONEMENT 
65 
9. PAYMENTS, CALCULATIONS, AGENTS AND RECORDS 
66 
10. PRESCRIPTION 
69 
11. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
69 
12. ENFORCEMENT 
70 
13. MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER, SUBSTITUTION AND RESTRICTIONS 
70 
14. REPLACEMENT OF NOTES 
73 
15. ISSUE OF FURTHER SERIES OF NOTES 
73 
16. NOTICES 
75 
17. RELEVANT CLEARING SYSTEM 
75 
18. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
75 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
76 
SETTLEMENT AND CLEARING OF NOTES 
81 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
82 
SUMMARY OF THE SERIES DOCUMENTS 
84 
COLLATERAL AGENT & PLEDGE AGREEMENT 
84 
AGENCY AGREEMENT 
84 
CALCULATION AGENCY AGREEMENT 
85 
CUSTODY AGREEMENT 
85 
AUTHORISED PARTICIPANT AGREEMENT 
85

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
OPERATING PROCEDURES AGREEMENT 
86 
COST TRANSFER AGREEMENT 
86 
DIGITAL ASSETS CUSTODY 
87 
THE ISSUER 
89 
THE ARRANGER AND CALCULATION AGENT 
93 
THE COLLATERAL AGENT 
94 
THE CUSTODIAN 
95 
AUTHORISED PARTICIPANTS 
96 
TAX WARNING 
97 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
98 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
100 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
102

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
SUMMARY  
For each Series of Notes, a summary specific to the individual issue will be drawn up and filed with the 
Liechtenstein FMA together with the Final Terms. Final Terms and summaries specific to each Series of 
Notes are available, together with this Base Prospectus, for inspection and download at the website of the 
Issuer at www.vaneck.com.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
RISK FACTORS  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme and specific to the Issuer and / or the Notes and which are material for 
an informed investment decision. The inability of the Issuer to pay any amounts on or in connection with any 
Notes may however occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below 
regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Before making an investment decision, prospective 
purchasers of Notes are advised to consider carefully, in the light of their own financial circumstances and 
investment objectives, all the detailed information set out elsewhere in this document and, in particular, the 
considerations set forth below in order to reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
All capitalised terms used in this section “Risk Factors” shall have the meanings given to them in other 
sections of this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise defined in this section “Risk Factors” of this Base 
Prospectus. 
I. 
General  
This Base Prospectus identifies in general terms certain information that a prospective investor is advised to 
consider prior to making an investment in the Notes. However, a prospective investor is advised to, without 
any reliance on the Issuer, the Arranger or any Authorised Participant or any of their respective Affiliates, 
conduct its own thorough analysis (including its own accounting, legal and tax analysis) prior to deciding 
whether to invest in any Notes issued under the Programme. Any evaluation of the suitability for an investor 
of an investment in Notes issued under the Programme depends upon a prospective investor’s particular 
financial and other circumstances, as well as on specific terms of the relevant Notes and, if it does not have 
experience in financial, business and investment matters sufficient to permit it to make such a determination, 
it is advised to consult with its financial adviser prior to deciding whether or not to make an investment in the 
Notes.  
The Notes are complex, structured products involving a significant degree of risk. In particular, an investment 
in Notes giving exposure to the daily performance of the applicable index is only appropriate for investors 
that understand the risk associated with the applicable index. The Notes involve a high degree of risk and 
potential investors should be prepared to sustain a loss of all or part of their investment. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors  
 
Each potential investor in the Notes is advised to determine the suitability of that investment in light 
of its own circumstances and is advised to consult with its legal, business, tax advisers and such 
other advisers as it deems appropriate to determine the consequences of an investment in the Notes 
and to arrive at its own evaluations of the investment. 
 
In particular, each potential investor is advised to: 
 
(a)  
be financially sophisticated in that it either (i) has the requisite knowledge and experience 
in financial, business and investment matters and of investing in investments offering a 
similar economic exposure to the Notes, and access to, and knowledge of, appropriate 
resources, to evaluate the information contained in this document and the relevant Final 
Terms and the merits and risks of an investment in the Notes in the context of such 
investors’ financial position and circumstances; or (ii) if it does not have such knowledge, 
experience and access, have consulted with appropriate advisers who do have such 
knowledge, experience and access; 
 
(b)  
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of 
its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will 
have on its overall investment portfolio; 
 
(c)  
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of the 
market of the Series Assets (including the Digital Assets) and the Index relating to a 
particular Series of Notes and any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
 
(d)  
have an asset base sufficiently substantial as to enable it to sustain any loss that they might 
suffer as a result of an investment in the Notes and have sufficient financial resources and 
liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes including, without limitation,

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
any currency exposure arising from the currency for payments being different to the 
prospective investor’s currency. 
 
If a prospective investor is in any doubt as to whether the Notes are a suitable investment for it, it is 
advised consult with appropriate advisers prior to deciding whether or not to make an investment in 
the Notes. 
 
This Base Prospectus is not, and does not purport to be, investment advice, and none of the Issuer, the 
Authorised Participants, the Custodian or the Arranger makes any recommendation as to the suitability of the 
Notes as an investment. The provision of this Base Prospectus to prospective investors is not based on any 
prospective investor’s individual circumstances and should not be relied upon as an assessment of suitability 
for any prospective investor in the Notes. Even if the Issuer, any of the Authorised Participants, the Arranger, 
the Custodian or any of their respective Affiliates possess limited information as to the objectives of any 
prospective investor in relation to any transaction, series of transactions or trading strategy, this will not be 
deemed sufficient for any assessment of suitability for such person of the Notes. Any trading or investment 
decisions a prospective investor takes are in reliance on its own analysis and judgment and/or that of its 
advisers and not in reliance on the Issuer, the Authorised Participants, the Arranger, the Custodian or any of 
their respective Affiliates.  
In particular, each prospective investor in the Notes must determine, based on its own independent review 
and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the 
Notes (i) is fully consistent with its (or, if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, the beneficiary’s) 
financial needs, objectives and condition, (ii) complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, 
guidelines and restrictions applicable to it (whether acquiring the Notes as principal or in a fiduciary capacity) 
and (iii) is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it (or, if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, for 
the beneficiary), notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
Each prospective investor in Notes is advised to have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of 
the risks of an investment in the relevant Notes, including, without limitation, where the currency for payments 
is different from the potential investor’s currency, the associated currency exposure. See "Exchange rate 
risks and exchange controls" below.  
Investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations or review or regulation 
by certain authorities. Each prospective investor is advised to therefore consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (i) the Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) if relevant, the Notes can be used as 
underlying securities for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or, if 
relevant, pledge, of any Notes. Financial institutions are advised to consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based 
capital or similar rules.  
II. 
Risk factors relating to the Issuer and the legal structure 
Risks related to the financial situation of the Issuer 
 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle with the sole business of issuing Notes. The Issuer has, and will have, 
no assets other than (i) the sums of money raised by issuing shares in relation to its incorporation, (ii) the 
proceeds of the issue of the Series of Notes, (iii) such fees (if any) as are payable to it in connection with the 
issue or redemption of any Series of Notes from time to time and (iii) any rights, property, sums or other 
assets into which the proceeds of the issuer of the Series of Notes are invested by the Issuer. 
Limited recourse obligations, non-petition and related risks in respect of the Issuer 
In respect of the Notes of any Series, the secured creditors (“Issuer Secured Creditors”) will have recourse 
only to the Series Assets in respect of such Notes, subject to the security under the terms of the CA Pledge 
Agreement (“Issuer Security”) and not to any other assets of the Issuer. If, following realisation in full of the 
Series Assets (whether by way of sale, liquidation or otherwise) and application of available cash in 
accordance with the applicable orders of priority and the CA Pledge Agreement, any outstanding claim 
against the Issuer in respect of the Series Assets remains unpaid, then such outstanding claim will be 
extinguished and no debt, liability or obligation will be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. Following such

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
extinguishment, none of the Series Parties, the Noteholders of any relevant Series or any other person acting 
on behalf of any of them or any other person acting on behalf of any of them will be entitled to take any further 
steps against the Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, corporate service providers or directors to recover 
any further sum in respect of the extinguished claim and no debt, liability or obligation will be owed to any 
such persons by the Issuer in respect of such further sum.  
None of the Series Parties, the Noteholders or any person acting on behalf of any of them may, at any time, 
bring, institute or join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining insolvency, administration, 
bankruptcy, winding-up, examinership or any other similar proceedings (whether court-based or otherwise) 
in relation to the Issuer or any of its assets, and none of them will have any claim arising with respect to the 
sums, assets and/or property attributable to any other securities issued by the Issuer (save for any further 
securities which form a single Series with the Notes). 
There is also a risk that the Issuer may become subject to claims or other liabilities (whether or not in respect 
of the Notes) which are not themselves subject to limited recourse or non-petition limitations.  
No person other than the Issuer will be obliged to make payments on the Notes of any Series and the Notes 
issued under the Programme will not be guaranteed by, or be the responsibility of, any other entity. In 
particular, the Notes (i) do not represent an interest in and will not be obligations of, or insured or guaranteed 
by, any Series Party or any Affiliate or any company associated with any of them, (ii) will not have the status 
of a bank deposit and will not be within the scope of any deposit protection scheme and (iii) are not insured 
or guaranteed by any government, government agency or other body. 
The claims of Noteholders are subordinated upon enforcement of the Issuer Security 
Following the enforcement of the security granted by the Issuer, the Collateral Agent will apply the proceeds 
derived from the realisation of the assets that are the subject of the security constituted by a CA Pledge 
Agreement in the applicable order of priority under which amounts due to the Noteholders will be subordinated 
to certain costs, fees, expenses including (but not limited to) the costs of enforcing and/or realising the security 
which are due to the Collateral Agent itself and any receiver(s), in each case in relation to the Notes. 
Preferred Creditors and Floating Charges 
If the Issuer becomes subject to an insolvency proceeding and the Issuer has obligations to creditors that are 
treated under applicable law as creditors that are senior relative to the Noteholders, the Noteholders may 
suffer losses as a result of their subordinated status during such insolvency proceedings. In particular, under 
Liechtenstein law, upon an insolvency of a Liechtenstein company, such as the Issuer, when applying the 
proceeds of assets subject to fixed security which may have been realised in the course of a liquidation or 
receivership, the claims of a limited category of preferential creditors may take priority over the claims of 
creditors holding the relevant fixed security such as the Noteholders. These preferred claims include the 
remuneration, costs and expenses properly incurred by any trustee in bankruptcy of the company as well as 
costs and fees of service providers which the trustee in bankruptcy may instruct to continue work during a 
limited period of time.  
 
Legal and regulatory risks 
Regulation of the Issuer by any regulatory authority  
 
The Issuer is not required to be licensed or authorised under any current securities, commodities or banking 
laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and will operate without supervision by any authority in any jurisdiction. 
There is no assurance, however, that regulatory authorities in one or more jurisdictions would not take a 
contrary view regarding the applicability of any such laws to the Issuer. The taking of a contrary view by such 
regulatory authority could have an adverse impact on the Issuer or the holders of the Notes.  
Recharacterisation risk 
There can be no assurance that the courts or regulatory authorities in any jurisdiction would not recharacterise 
the Notes as units in a collective investment scheme. Any recharacterisation of the Notes as units in a 
collective investment scheme may have adverse consequences (including, without limitation, adverse tax 
consequences) for an investor.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
III. 
Risk factors relating to the Notes 
Risk relating to the Series Assets  
Investment Discretion  
Prospective investors should be aware that each Series of Notes will not replicate precisely either the 
composition or the return of the relevant Index. When investing the assets, the Issuer may (i) invest, directly 
or indirectly, in digital assets that are not Component Digital Assets of the Index, and / or (ii) refrain from 
investing in digital assets that are Component Digital Assets of the Index, in exceptional circumstances where 
the Issuer believes that it can achieve better results by deviating from the Index. Therefore, the Digital Assets 
in respect of a Series may differ from the Component Digital Assets of the relevant Index, or may be afforded 
different weightings to those specified in the relevant Index. 
Concentration risk 
Each Series of Notes provides exposure to the Digital Assets which may comprise a limited number of digital 
assets. Due to this concentrated exposure to a limited number of digital assets, prospective investors should 
be aware that there are risks deriving from such concentration, the most significant of which is the impact on 
the liquidity and the volatility of the Notes.  
In respect of liquidity, a concentrated exposure to a limited number of digital assets heightens the impact of 
the illiquidity of any such digital assets on the Notes – particularly during an environment with significant price 
declines. 
Prospective investors should also be aware that exposure to digital assets has a high degree of idiosyncratic 
(i.e., digital assets-specific) risk, relative to a more diversified investment. Examples of idiosyncratic risk 
include, but are not limited to, regulatory risk, speculation, lack of track record, cybersecurity and fraud.  
Furthermore, because each Note provides exposure to a limited number of digital assets, the potential impact 
of any adverse event in a given digital asset is more significant than in a diversified investment. Certain 
material adverse events in a digital asset could result in the eventual liquidation of a Note.      
In addition, the Digital Assets may display a high degree of correlation such that large price movements in 
one component of the Digital Assets may result in similar price movements in one or more of the other 
Relevant Digital Assets, amplifying the concentration risk. 
The value of an investment in the Notes may not perfectly reflect or track the value of the Assets 
At any time, the price at which any Series of Notes trade on stock exchanges, regulated or unregulated 
markets within the EEA or abroad or any other exchange or market on which they may be quoted or traded 
may not reflect accurately the changes in the value of the Digital Assets or Assets. The application and 
redemption procedures for any Series of Notes and the role of the Authorised Participant(s) as market-makers 
are intended to minimise this potential difference. However, such price at which any Series of Notes trade 
will be a function of supply and demand amongst investors wishing to buy and sell such Series and the 
bid/offer spread that market-makers are willing to quote for such Series. 
If the Issuer is unable to issue new Notes of a Series for any reason, and there is high market demand for 
Notes of such Series, then such Notes may trade at a significant premium to their Note Value. An investor 
who buys any such Notes in such circumstances may incur a significant loss should either market demand 
fall, or should further Notes of such Series be issued. Such significant loss can even occur where the Note 
Value has increased during the period of that investor’s holding of such Notes.   
See also “The returns on the Notes are not a direct investment in the digital assets comprised in the applicable 
Index” below. 
Investing in Notes is not the same as investing in the Assets, the Component Digital Assets or the 
relevant Index and is different from a long futures position.  
Investing in Notes is not the same as making an investment in the relevant Component Digital Assets of the 
relevant Index or the Purchaser Assets. The return from holding Notes is not the same as the return from 
buying the Component Digital Assets of the relevant Index or the Assets.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
The return from holding Notes is not the same as the return generated from the relevant Index. 
If it was possible to enter into a futures contract in respect of the Index, investing in the Notes would not be 
the same as taking a long position under such futures contracts.   
The returns on the Notes are not a direct investment in the digital assets comprised in the applicable 
Index  
The Index which is referenced by a Series of Notes will reference certain underlying digital asset(s) (being 
the Component Digital Assets of such Index). However, prospective investors should be aware that an 
investment in a Series of Notes is not the same as a direct investment in the Component Digital Assets of the 
Index which is referenced by such Series of Notes. As a result, changes in the price of the Component Digital 
Assets will not necessarily result in correlated changes in the level of the Index or to the Note Value, nor will 
the level of the Index or the Note Value necessarily change to the same degree. In addition, the rules for 
calculation of the Index may include deductions for fees, a currency hedging component and/or other factors 
that affect how closely the Index tracks the price of the asset(s) referenced by the Index and may also permit 
the Index Administrator to make certain adjustments to the level of the Index. Any such deductions and 
adjustments may cause the level of the Index to diverge from the price of the Component Digital Assets and 
/ or the Note Price. 
Risks Relating to the Series Assets due to their quality as digital assets  
Risks relating to Digital Asset Exchanges 
Digital asset exchanges operate websites on which users can trade digital assets for U.S. dollars and other 
fiat currencies. Trades on digital asset exchanges are unrelated to transfers of digital assets between users 
via the digital asset’s respective blockchain. Digital asset trades on exchanges are recorded on the 
exchange’s internal ledger only, and each internal ledger entry for a trade will correspond to an entry for an 
offsetting trade in U.S. dollars or other fiat currency. To sell digital assets on a digital asset exchange, a user 
will transfer digital assets (using the digital asset’s respective blockchain) from him or herself to the digital 
asset exchange. Conversely, to buy digital assets on a digital asset exchange, a user will transfer U.S. dollars 
or other fiat currency to the digital asset exchange. After completing the transfer of digital assets or U.S. 
dollars, the user will execute his or her trade and withdraw either the digital asset (using the digital asset’s 
respective blockchain) or the U.S. dollars back to the user. Digital asset exchanges are an important part of 
the digital asset industry. 
Digital asset exchanges have a limited history. Since 2009, several digital asset exchanges have been closed 
or experienced disruptions due to fraud, failure, security breaches or distributed denial of service attacks 
(known as “DDoS Attacks”). In many of these instances, the customers of such exchanges were not 
compensated or made whole for the partial or complete losses of their funds held at the exchanges. In 2014, 
the largest bitcoin exchange at the time, Mt. Gox, filed for bankruptcy in Japan amid reports the exchange 
lost up to 850,000 bitcoin, valued then at over $450 million. Digital asset exchanges are also appealing targets 
for hackers and malware. In August 2016, Bitfinex, an exchange located in Hong Kong, reported a security 
breach that resulted in the theft of approximately 120,000 bitcoin valued at the time at approximately $65 
million, a loss which was allocated to all Bitfinex account holders (rather than just specified holders whose 
wallets were affected directly), regardless of whether the account holder held bitcoin or cash in their account. 
In February 2017 following a statement by the People’s Bank of China, China’s three largest digital asset 
exchanges (BTCC, Huobi and OKCoin) suspended withdrawals of users’ bitcoin. Although withdrawals were 
permitted to resume in late May 2017, Chinese regulators in September 2017 issued a directive to Chinese 
exchanges to cease operations with respect to Chinese users by September 30, 2017. In July 2017, the 
Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (“FinCEN”) and the U.S. Department of Justice levied a $110 million 
fine and an indictment against BTC-e and one of its operators for financial crimes. The Department of Justice 
also seized the Internet domain of the exchange. Similar to the outcome of the Bitfinex breach, losses due to 
assets seized by FinCEN were allocated among exchange users. The potential for instability of digital asset 
exchanges and the closure or temporary shutdown of exchanges due to fraud, business failure, hackers, 
DDoS or malware, or government-mandated regulation may reduce confidence in digital asset, which may 
result in greater volatility and/or price decreases in the Index and the Component Digital Assets. 
Risk Factors Related to Networks and Digital Assets 
The Issuer intends to invest in a portfolio of digital assets and investments related to digital assets. Because 
the class of digital asset investments is growing at a rapid pace, not all risks relating to the underlying

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
technology may be known. For instance, while bitcoin has existed since 2009 and its blockchain structure 
and function is well understood, the Issuer may invest in other digital assets which employ a variation of the 
bitcoin blockchain, use a new and functionally different blockchain or do not rely on blockchain technology at 
all. As new digital assets develop and attract interest from the development community and investors, they 
may also become greater targets for exploitation. A hack to one digital asset’s network may harm public 
perception of such asset’s network and other digital assets in general, thus negatively impacting an 
investment in the Notes.  Digital assets, although generally open-source, are highly dependent on their 
developers, particularly at early stages, and there is no guarantee that development will continue or that the 
developers will not abandon the project with little or no notice. Additionally, some digital assets (and 
agreements to purchase digital assets) may be or become subject to the securities laws or other regulation 
in one or more jurisdictions, which may negatively impact the digital asset and have negative legal 
consequences and/or result in increased expenses for the Purchaser. Investments in digital assets are highly 
speculative and the Issuer may select digital assets for investment that are not successful. 
Digital assets are a new technological innovation with a limited history. There is no assurance that 
usage of digital assets will continue to grow. 
A contraction in use of digital assets may result in increased volatility or a reduction in the price of such digital 
assets, which could adversely impact the value of the Notes. For example, bitcoin, one of the earliest digital 
assets, was invented in 2009. Digital assets and their respective trading histories have therefore existed for 
a relatively short time, which limits a potential investor’s ability to evaluate an investment in the Notes.  
A decline in the adoption of digital assets could negatively impact the performance of the Notes. 
As a new asset class and technological innovation, the digital assets industry is subject to a high degree of 
uncertainty. The adoption of digital assets will require growth in their usage and in the blockchain, for various 
applications. Adoption of digital assets will also require an accommodating regulatory environment. A lack of 
expansion in usage of digital assets and the blockchain could adversely affect an investment in the Notes. In 
addition, there is no assurance that any digital asset will maintain its value over the long-term. The value of 
any digital asset is subject to risks related to its usage. Even if growth in digital assets adoption occurs in the 
near or medium-term, there is no assurance that digital assets usage will continue to grow over the long-
term. A contraction in use of digital assets may result in increased volatility or a reduction in the price of such 
digital assets or of digital assets generally, which would adversely impact the value of the Notes.  
Digital assets trading prices are volatile and investors could lose all or substantially all of their 
investment in the Notes. 
Speculators and investors who seek to profit from trading and holding digital assets generate a significant 
portion of the demand for such digital assets. Speculation regarding future appreciation in the value of digital 
assets may inflate and make more volatile the price of such digital assets. As a result, digital assets may be 
more likely to fluctuate in value due to changing investor confidence in future appreciation in the price of 
digital assets.  
Regulation of digital assets continues to evolve, which may restrict the use of digital assets or 
otherwise impact the demand for digital assets. 
Regulators and governments in various jurisdictions have focused on regulation of digital assets. Digital asset 
market disruptions and resulting governmental interventions are unpredictable, and may make digital assets 
or certain digital assets illegal altogether. Future regulations and directives in some jurisdictions may conflict 
with those others, and such regulatory actions may restrict or make some or all digital assets illegal in some 
jurisdictions. Future regulations and directives may impact the demand for digital assets, and may also affect 
the ability of digital assets exchanges to operate and for other market participants to enter into digital assets 
transactions. To the extent that future regulatory actions or policies limit or restrict digital asset usage, digital 
asset trading or the ability to convert digital assets to fiat currencies, the demand for digital assets may be 
reduced, which may adversely affect investment in the Notes. Regulation of digital assets continues to evolve, 
the ultimate impact of which remains unclear and may adversely affect, among other things, the availability, 
value or performance of digital assets and, thus, the Digital Assets and FDI in which the Issuer invests.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Moreover, in addition to exposing the Issuer to potential new costs and expenses, additional regulation or 
changes to existing regulation may also require changes to the Issuer’sinvestment strategies. Although there 
continues to be uncertainty about the full impact of these and other regulatory changes, it is the case that the 
Issuer may be subject to a more complex regulatory framework, and incur additional costs to comply with 
new requirements as well as to monitor for compliance with any new requirements going forward.  
Demand for certain digital assets is driven, in part, by their status as the most prominent and secure 
digital assets. It is possible that a digital asset other than the digital assets to which the investor is 
exposed could have features that make such digital assets more desirable to a material portion of the 
digital asset user base, resulting in a reduction in demand for the digital assets to which the 
Purchaser is exposed, which could have a negative impact on the price of such digital assets and 
adversely affect an investment in the Notes. 
For example, the Bitcoin network and bitcoin, as an asset, hold a “first-to-market” advantage over other digital 
assets. This first-to-market advantage is driven in large part by having the largest user base and, more 
importantly, the largest combined mining power in use to secure the blockchain and transaction verification 
system. Having a large mining network results in greater user confidence regarding the security and long-
term stability of a digital asset’s network and its blockchain; as a result, the advantage of more users and 
miners makes a digital asset more secure, which makes it more attractive to new users and miners, resulting 
in a network effect that strengthens the first-to-market advantage. Bitcoin also enjoys significantly greater 
acceptance and usage than other digital asset networks in the retail and commercial marketplace, due in 
large part to the relatively well-funded efforts of payment processing companies including BitPay and 
Coinbase. Other digital assets to which the Purchaser is or may become exposed may enjoy similar 
advantages by virtue of their being among the older and more established digital assets. 
Despite these advantages, it is possible that an altcoin (altcoin stands for alternative coin; altcoins are digital 
assets other than bitcoin) could become materially popular, relative to the digital assets to which the 
Purchaser is exposed, due to either a perceived or exposed shortcoming of the relevant Network protocol 
that is not immediately addressed by such digital assets’ core developers or a perceived advantage of an 
altcoin that includes features not incorporated into such digital assets. If an altcoin to which the Purchaser is 
not exposed obtains significant market share (either in market capitalization, mining power or use as a 
payment technology), this could reduce the market share of the digital assets to which the Purchaser is 
exposed and have a negative impact on the demand for, and price of, such digital assets. The rules of the 
relevant Index for a Series of Notes may minimize this risk as they may result in an altcoin which gains in 
popularity being included in the Index. 
Risk Factors relating to FDI 
 
The Assets of each Series may include financial derivative instruments (“FDI”) which provide indirect 
exposure to the Digital Assets of the relevant Index of such Series. Accordingly, the Notes will be subject to 
the following risks which are applicable to FDI generally.  
 
Derivatives risk. The risks associated with the use of FDI are different from, or possibly greater than, the risks 
associated with investing directly in securities and other traditional investments. Generally, a derivative is a 
financial contract the value of which depends upon, or is derived from, the value of an underlying asset, 
reference rate or index, and may relate to stocks, bonds, interest rates, currencies or currency exchange 
rates, commodities, and related indices. There is no assurance that any derivative strategy used by the 
Purchaser will succeed. 
 
Management risk. FDI are highly specialised instruments that require investment techniques and risk 
analyses different from those associated with stocks and bonds. The use of FDI requires an understanding 
not only of the underlying instrument but also of the derivative itself, without the benefit of observing the 
performance of the derivative under all possible market conditions. 
 
Liquidity risk. Liquidity risk exists when a particular FDI is difficult to purchase or sell. If a derivative transaction 
is particularly large or if the relevant market is illiquid, it may not be possible to initiate a transaction or liquidate 
a position at an advantageous time or price. 
 
Pricing risk. Pricing risk exists when a particular FDI becomes extraordinarily expensive relative to historical

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
prices or the prices of corresponding cash market instruments. Under certain market conditions, it may not 
be economically feasible to initiate a transaction or liquidate a position in time to avoid a loss or to take 
advantage of an opportunity. 
 
Correlation risk. Correlation risk exists when there is a lack of correlation between the change in the value of 
the underlying asset and that of the value of the derivative instruments used by the Issuer.  
 
Funding risk. Funding risk exists when the capacity of the Issuer to fund the payment under an FDI is at risk 
due to higher funding costs or lack of cash flow.  
 
Market risk. Like most other investments, FDI are subject to the risk that the market value of the instrument 
will change in a way detrimental to the Issuer’s interests. While hedging strategies involving FDI can reduce 
the risk of loss, they can also reduce the opportunity for gain or even result in losses by offsetting favourable 
price movements in other portfolio investments.  
 
Settlement risk. Derivative markets will have different clearance and settlement procedures and in certain 
markets there have been times when settlements have been unable to keep pace with the volume of 
transactions, thereby making it difficult to conduct such transactions. Delays in settlement could result in 
temporary periods when assets of the Issuer are uninvested and no return is earned thereon.  
 
Legal, regulatory and tax risk. Legal, tax and regulatory changes applicable to FDI could occur which may 
adversely affect the Issuer. The regulatory and tax environment for FDI is evolving, and changes in the 
regulation or taxation of FDI may adversely affect the value of such instruments held by the Issuer and its 
ability to pursue its trading strategies.  
 
Risks relating to the Indices 
 
Index Performance 
Prospective investors should note that the amount payable on the of the Notes of any Series will be linked to 
the performance of the Assets which will as far as possible and practicable consist of the component digital 
assets that comprise the Index referenced by that Series. Furthermore, each Series of Notes will seek to 
replicate, to the extent practicable the value and yield performance (before fees and expenses) of the relevant 
Index. Accordingly, prospective investors should be aware that the Notes may be adversely affected by risks 
applicable to indices generally.  
In particular, the level of an Index can go down as well as up and that the past performance of an Index will 
not be indicative of its future performance. There can be no assurance as to the future performance of any 
Index. The Notes may trade differently from the performance of the Index and changes in the level of the 
Index may not result in a comparable change in the market value of the Notes or in the Note Value.  
Accordingly, before investing in any Notes, prospective investors are advised to carefully consider whether 
an investment which seeks to replicate the value and yield performance of the applicable Index is suitable for 
them and in all cases an investor in Notes are advised to carry out its own detailed review of the applicable 
Index and the rules relating thereto.  
Change in composition or discontinuance of the Index 
 
The Index Administrator may add, delete or substitute the Component Digital Assets of the Index or make 
other changes to the methodology for determining the asset(s) to be included in the Index or for valuing the 
Index. 
The composition of the Index may therefore change over time to satisfy the eligibility criteria applicable to the 
Index or where asset(s) currently included in the Index fail to satisfy such criteria. Such changes to the 
composition of the Index by the Index Administrator may affect the level of the Index as a newly added asset 
may perform significantly worse or better than the asset it replaces. As the Note Value of the Notes is 
influenced indirectly by the composition and level of the Index, changes in the composition of the Index may 
have an adverse effect on the Note Value of the Notes and/or may constitute an Adjustment Event and/or 
result in a Disruption Event and/or the early redemption of the Notes.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
The rules of the Index may confer on the Index Administrator in certain circumstances the right to make 
determinations, calculations, modifications and/or adjustments to the Index and the eligible components of 
the Index and related matters, which involve, in certain circumstances, a degree of discretion. The Index 
Administrator will generally, as far as reasonably practicable, exercise any such discretion with the aim of 
preserving the overall methodology of the relevant Index. The exercise of such discretion may result in the 
level of the Index on any day being different to that which it may have been had the Index Administrator not 
determined to exercise such discretion. Whilst the Index Administrator is typically required to act reasonably 
and in good faith in exercising its discretion, there can be no assurance that the exercise of any such 
discretion by the Index Administrator will not affect the level of the Index and/or alter the volatility of the Index 
and have an adverse effect on the Note Value of the relevant Series of Notes. 
If the Index Administrator discontinues or suspends calculation or publication of the Index or fails to calculate 
or publish the  level of an Index, under the terms of the Notes, the Index may, in certain circumstances, be 
substituted with a Successor Index or a Mandatory Redemption Event may occur resulting in the early 
redemption of the Notes. If the Index is replaced with a Successor Index, the relevant Noteholders will be 
exposed to fluctuations in the movements of the Successor Index and not the Index originally specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Conflict of Interest of the Index Administrator  
An Index Administrator is an affiliate of the Arranger and appropriate procedures have been implemented to 
avoid any conflicts of interest adversely affecting the interests of Noteholders. However, investors should be 
aware that no Index Administrator has had regard to the interests of the Noteholders when creating any Index, 
and no Index Administrator will have regard to the interests of the Noteholders when maintaining, modifying, 
rebalancing, reconstituting or discontinuing any Index. Actions taken by an Index Administrator in respect of 
an Index may have an adverse impact on the value or liquidity of the Notes of the relevant Series. The 
interests of an Index Administrator and the Noteholders of the relevant Series may not be aligned. No Index 
Administrator will have any responsibility or liability to Noteholders. 
Risks relating to the liquidity of the Notes 
Duration and potential lack of liquid markets 
The Notes may have a long term and the only means through which an investor will be able to realise value 
from a Note prior to its Final Redemption Settlement Date will be to sell it at its then market price in a 
secondary transaction. While each Authorised Participant appointed in respect of the Programme and/or a 
Series of Notes intends to make a market for the relevant Series of Notes in respect of which it is appointed 
as an Authorised Participant, no Authorised Participant is obliged to make a market for any Series of Notes 
(including any Series in respect of which it is appointed as an Authorised Participant) and an Authorised 
Participant may discontinue making a market at any time.  
General movements in local and international markets and factors that affect the investment climate and 
investor sentiment could all affect the level of trading and, therefore, the market price of the Notes. 
Optional redemption 
Only Authorised Participants may deal with the Issuer in subscribing for or requiring the Issuer to redeem 
outstanding Notes, save in relation to Optional Redemptions at any time following notification by the Issuer 
that redemption requests from Noteholders which are not Authorised Participants will be permitted. 
Where the Issuer determines in its sole discretion that the market price of the Notes significantly differs or 
varies from the current value of the notes calculated by the Calculation Agent, Noteholders who are not 
Authorised Participants will be permitted, subject to compliance with relevant laws and regulations, to redeem 
directly from the Issuer. This may apply in cases of market disruption. In such situations, information will be 
communicated to the regulated market indicating that the Issuer is open for direct redemptions from 
Noteholders. Such secondary market investors wishing to redeem in such situations should contact the 
Issuing and Paying Agent for details on how to process such redemption requests. Only the actual costs of 
providing this facility (i.e. those costs associated with liquidating any underlying positions) will be charged to 
such secondary market investors and in any event, the fees in respect of any such redemptions shall not be 
excessive. The Issuer’s agreement to accept direct redemptions when a secondary market disruption event

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
occurs is conditional on the Notes being delivered back into the account of the Calculation and Issuing Agent. 
Such direct redemption requests shall only be accepted on delivery of the Notes. 
The amount of any Optional Redemption may be subject to the Maximum Daily Redemption Limit, being a 
maximum limit (if applicable) on the redemption number of Notes of a Series on any Optional Redemption 
Pricing Date, as may be amended from time to time in accordance with the terms of the Operating Procedures 
Agreement. 
Prospective investors should be aware that it is possible that the Maximum Daily Redemption Limit could 
cause the Notes to trade at a higher premium or result in a discount to the Note Value.  An investor who buys 
Notes in such circumstances may incur a significant loss should market demand change. Significant loss 
could occur even where the Note has increased in price during the investor’s holding period. The Maximum 
Daily Redemption Limit could also lead to higher trading spreads for the Notes in the secondary market, 
which could increase the execution costs for an investor purchasing the Notes in the secondary market.   
In the event that an investor is not able to immediately redeem their Notes due to a breach of the Maximum 
Daily Redemption Limit, such investor will be subject to market risk (i.e. that the value of the Notes will decline 
prior to redemption and therefore reduce the redemption amount).  As a result, it is possible that the 
redemption amount could be reduced due to a decline in the Assets (which would consequently impact the 
value of the Notes). 
In addition, prospective investors should be aware that if trading in the Assets (including the Digital Assets) 
in respect of a Series of Notes is suspended, any Optional Redemption could be delayed. As a result, any 
redemption request relating to the relevant Notes placed on the day upon which a Digital Asset or any other 
Asset is suspended from trading could be delayed and such suspension from trading of the relevant Digital 
Asset or other Asset could ultimately lead to a Disruption Event Redemption. Investors would therefore be 
subject to market risk (i.e. that the value of the Notes will decline prior to redemption and therefore reduce 
the redemption amount). As a result, it is possible that the redemption amount could be reduced due to a 
decline in the price of the Digital Assets or other Assets (which would consequently impact the value of the 
Notes).  
 
Risks relating to the Issuer Security 
Enforcement of the Issuer Security 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of a Series of Notes are secured by a CA Pledge Agreement in respect 
of such Series of Notes. Pursuant to such CA Pledge Agreement, the Issuer will create security in respect of 
that Series in favour of the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Issuer Secured Creditors) over (i) all of the 
Issuer’s rights, title, interest and benefit present and future in, to and under the Series Documents to the 
extent that they relate to such Notes; (ii) any sums of money or other property received or receivable now or 
in the future by or on behalf of the Issuer pursuant to the Custody Agreement to the extent that they relate to 
such Notes, (iii) all of the Issuers rights as against the Custodian relating to the Notes, (iv) all sums held now 
or in the future by or on behalf of the Issuer (including, without limitation, by the Issuing and Paying Agent 
and/or the Registrar) to meet payments due in respect of the obligations and duties of the Issuer under the 
CA Pledge Agreement and the relevant Notes, (v) the Series Assets and any sums of money or other property 
received or receivable now or in the future by or on behalf of the Issuer, and (vi) all of the Issuer’s rights in 
respect of any sum or property now or in the future standing to the credit of the Series Account, in each case, 
to the extent that they relate to the relevant Notes.  
Noteholders have no direct ownership interest or right to delivery of the Series Assets 
Investing in the Notes will not make an investor the owner of any of the Series Assets. Save to the extent that 
the Issuer and an Authorised Participant agree that a redemption is to be satisfied by an in specie transfer, 
any amounts payable on the Notes will be made in cash and the holders of the Notes will have no right to 
receive delivery of any of the Assets at any time.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
IV. 
Risks related to other Series Parties 
Conflict of Interest  
The Arranger and Calculation Agent, who at the same time acts as the Collateral Agent, is an affiliate of the 
Issuer. Appropriate procedures have been implemented to avoid any conflicts of interest adversely affecting 
the interests of Noteholders.  
However, investors should be aware that the Arranger and Calculation Agent has, in that capacity, no regard 
to the interests of the Noteholders when performing its services and pursuing its business activities. The 
interests of the Arranger and Calculation Agent and the Noteholders may not be aligned.  
VanEck (Europe) GmbH  
VanEck (Europe) GmbH acts in a number of capacities in respect of the Notes issued under the Programme 
including, without limitation, as Arranger and Calculation Agent and Collateral Agent.  
VanEck (Europe) GmbH acting in such capacity in connection with the Notes will have only the duties and 
responsibilities expressly agreed to in agreements with the Issuer governing such function and will not, by 
virtue of acting in any other capacity, be deemed to have other duties or responsibilities or be deemed to hold 
a standard of care other than as expressly provided for in the respective agreements. VanEck (Europe) GmbH 
may enter into business dealings, from which it may derive revenues and profits without any duty to account 
therefor. 
Calculation Agent 
 
In its role as Calculation Agent under the Notes, VanEck (Europe) GmbH will, pursuant to the provisions of 
the Calculation Agency Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Operating Procedures Agreement and the 
Conditions, make various non-discretionary calculations, that affect the Notes, including calculating, among 
other things, the Note Value and the Redemption Amount. The value of the Notes could be adversely affected 
by such calculations. In making such calculations the Calculation Agent will depend upon timely and accurate 
provision of information and certain constituent values of the relevant formulae which are provided to the 
Calculation Agent by various parties, including the relevant Index Administrator and the Issuer. Any 
consequent variation in the value of the amounts required to be calculated by the Calculation Agent could 
result in a change to value of the Notes.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description of the Programme and the Notes does not purport to be complete and is subject to 
and qualified by the detailed information contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and in the Final Terms 
in respect of each Series of Notes. Words and expressions not defined in this description shall have the 
meaning given to them elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Description of the Programme 
VanEck Vectors Exchange Traded Note Programme pursuant to which the Issuer may issue collateralised 
exchange traded securities (“Notes“) which seek to replicate, to the extent practicable the value and yield 
performance (before fees and expenses) of indices providing exposure to digital assets.   
A diagrammatic representation of the principal aspects of the structure as currently in place appears below:

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
Parties to the Programme 
 
   Issuer 
VanEck ETP AG (“VEEA”), having its registered office at 
Landstrasse 36, 9495 Triesen, Liechtenstein, a society limited 
by shares and incorporated in Liechtenstein with registered 
number FL-0002.640.173-8. 
   Arranger and Calculation Agent  
VanEck (Europe) GmbH, Kreuznacher Strasse 30, 60486 
Frankfurt, Germany, a limited liability company incorporated in 
Germany with registered number HRB 85306.  
   Custodian and Safekeeper 
Bank Frick & Co AG, Landstrasse 14, 9496 Balzers, Principality 
of Liechtenstein  
   Collateral Agent  
VanEck (Europe) GmbH, Kreuznacher Strasse 30, 60486 
Frankfurt, Germany, a limited liability company incorporated in 
Germany with registered number HRB 85306. 
   Issuing and Paying Agent 
Quirin Privatbank AG, Bürgermeister-Smidt-Straße 76, 28195 
Bremen, Germany 
   Paying Agents 
The Issuer may appoint additional paying agents in relation to a 
Series of Notes if required by the rules of any stock exchange 
on which Notes are listed or admitted to trading. 
   Authorised Participant(s) 
Flow Traders B.V., Jacob Bontiusplaats 9, Amsterdam 1018 LL, 
the Netherlands 
Jane Street Financial Limited, 2 and a Half Devonshire Square, 
London EC2M 4 UJ 
and any Eligible Authorised Participant that has entered into an 
Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer and has 
acceded to the Operating Procedures Agreement. 
 
Only an Authorised Participant may subscribe for or require the 
Issuer to repurchase the Notes (except in case of Optional 
Redemption) with the exception of Notes listed on stock 
exchanges, regulated or unregulated markets including 
multilateral trading facilities, on which exchanges and markets 
the Notes may be bought and sold without the involvement of an 
Authorised Participant. 
 
“Eligible Authorised Participant” means any bank or financial 
institution (which for these purposes shall include any leading 
dealer or broker in the assets of the type referenced by the 
Notes) incorporated, domiciled and regulated in the EEA. 
Public Offers  
If so specified in the Final Terms in respect of any Series of 
Notes, the Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus by 
any Authorised Participant in connection with any offer of Notes 
that is not within an exemption from the requirement to publish 
a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (a “Non-exempt 
Offer“) during the offer period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the “Offer Period“), in the relevant Member State(s) and 
subject to the applicable conditions, in each case specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods occurring 
within 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Programme 
As of 19. October 2020, the Issuer established the VanEck 
Vectors Exchange Traded Note Programme (the “Programme“)

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
for the issuance of collateralised exchange-traded securities 
(“Notes”). The maximum number of Notes that may be 
outstanding at any time under the Programme is 1,000,000,000 
per Series of Notes. 
Issuance of Series of Notes 
The Issuer may issue Series of Notes under the Programme 
(each a “Series“). Each Series of Notes constitutes limited 
recourse obligations of the Issuer, secured on and payable 
solely from the Series Assets in respect of such Series.  
 
If the net proceeds of the enforcement of the Series Assets for 
a Series of Notes are not sufficient to make all payments due in 
respect of such Series of Notes (after payment of all obligations 
of the Issuer ranking senior thereto), no other assets of the 
Issuer (including the Series Assets in respect of any other Series 
of Notes) will be available to meet such shortfall and the claims 
of the creditors of the Issuer in respect of such Series and such 
shortfalls shall be extinguished. 
Method of issuance 
Notes will be issued in Series on an ongoing basis.  
In Specie Subscription  
In relation to any Subscription Order, the Issuer may in 
accordance with the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement 
and the Operating Procedures Agreement agree with the 
relevant Authorised Participant that the obligation of the 
Authorised Participant to pay the relevant subscription amount 
(the “Relevant Subscription Amount”) shall be satisfied by the 
delivery to the Issuer of component digital assets which the 
Calculation Agent determines have a value on the Subscription 
Trade Date, after taking into account any costs of transfer or 
delivery, which is equal to the Relevant Subscription Amount. 
Continual issuance and redemption 
It is intended that the Notes of each Series shall be subject to a 
continual issuance and redemption mechanism, under which 
additional Notes of such Series may be issued and Notes may 
be redeemed by Noteholders who are Authorised Participants. 
Principal features of the Notes 
 
Form of the Notes 
The Notes will be issued in global bearer form and serially 
numbered or in dematerialised uncertificated registered form 
which shall not be exchangeable for bearer securities, in each 
case in the amount and currency of denomination specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Each Series of Notes will be issued subject to terms and 
conditions in the form and with the contents as set out in the 
section of this Base Prospectus headed “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes” as completed by the Final Terms in respect of each 
Series.  
Issue Price 
The Issue Price in respect of each Series of Notes will be set out 
in the Final Terms with respect to such Series. 
Principal Amount 
The Principal Amount in respect of each Series of Notes will be 
set out in the Final Terms with respect to such Series. 
Denomination 
The Denomination of each Note is equal to its Principal Amount. 
Interest 
The Notes will not bear interest at a prescribed rate. 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or purchased and 
cancelled by the Issuer, the Notes of each Series will become

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
due and payable on their Final Redemption Settlement Date at 
their Final Redemption Amount in the Relevant Currency. 
Final Redemption Settlement Date 
The Final Redemption Settlement Date in respect of a Series of 
Notes will be the day that falls three Currency Business Days 
after the Final Redemption Date.  
Final Redemption Date 
The Final Redemption Date in respect of each Series of Notes 
will be set out in the Final Terms with respect to such Series. 
The Final Redemption Date may be extended by the Issuer for 
periods of up to 10 years for each extension. Any such extension 
must be notified to the Noteholders at least one month in 
advance of the then current Final Redemption Date.  
Final Redemption Amount 
An amount in the Relevant Currency per Note calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as an amount equal to the Note Value of such 
Note, less such Note’s pro rata share of any costs and expenses 
incurred by or on behalf of the Issuer in any realisation of any 
Series Assets of the relevant Series necessary to give effect to 
such redemption. To the extent that the Final Redemption 
Amount:  
(i) 
exceeds the Principal Amount any such excess shall 
constitute interest in respect of such Note; and  
(ii) 
is less than the Principal Amount, the deficit shall be 
extinguished in accordance with Condition 5.5 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Mandatory Redemption  
The Notes of a Series may fall for mandatory redemption prior 
to their Final Redemption Date at the Mandatory Redemption 
Amount if a Mandatory Redemption Event occurs.  
Mandatory Redemption Events 
The Notes of a Series may fall for mandatory redemption if any 
of the following events occur: 
 
(1) 
the Issuer determines that it is not appropriate to make 
adjustments to the Conditions of the Notes following the 
occurrence of an Adjustment Event (meaning an Index 
Cancellation, and Index Modification or an Index 
Disruption), thereby triggering a Disruption Redemption 
Event; 
 
(2) 
any of the Calculation Agent, the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, the Custodian and/or all of the Authorised 
Participants in relation to the Notes resign their 
appointment or their appointment is terminated for any 
reason and no successor or replacement has been 
appointed at the time that such resignation or 
termination takes effect; 
 
(3) 
(a) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law, regulation, rule, order, ruling or 
procedure or (b) due to the promulgation of or any 
change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law or regulation, the Issuer gives notice that 
the Notes of a Series are to be redeemed, because  
(i) 
the Issuer would (or would expect to) incur a 
materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations under such Notes; or

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
(ii) 
it would become illegal for the Issuer to (x) hold, 
acquire or dispose of all of the types of Series 
Asset, and/or (y) perform its obligations under 
the Notes. 
 
or 
 
(4) 
the Issuer exercises its option to call all or some of the 
Notes for early redemption. 
Mandatory Redemption Amount 
An amount in the Relevant Currency per Note calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as an amount equal to the Note Value of such 
Note, less such Note’s pro rata share of any costs and expenses 
incurred by or on behalf of the Issuer in any realisation of any 
Series Assets of the relevant Series necessary to give effect to 
such redemption. To the extent that the Mandatory Redemption 
Amount:  
(i) 
exceeds the Principal Amount any such excess shall 
constitute interest in respect of such Note; and  
(ii) 
is less than the Principal Amount, the deficit shall be 
extinguished in accordance with Condition 5.5 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
Optional Redemption by Noteholders 
who are Authorised Participants 
A Noteholder who is also an Authorised Participant may on any 
Valuation Date require the Issuer to redeem all or part of its 
holding of Notes of a Series at the Optional Redemption Amount 
on the relevant Optional Redemption Settlement Date by 
submitting to the Issuer a valid Redemption Order. 
Optional Redemption by Noteholders 
who are not Authorised Participants 
A Noteholder who is not also an Authorised Participant may on 
any Valuation Date require the Issuer to redeem all or any part 
of its holding of such Notes at the Optional Redemption Amount 
on the relevant Optional Redemption Settlement Date by 
submitting to the Issuer a valid Redemption Order only if the 
Issuer has notified the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
16 in respect of any Valuation Date that redemption requests 
from Noteholders which are not Authorised Participants will be 
permitted and no later notice to the contrary has yet been 
delivered. 
Optional Redemption Amount 
An amount in the Relevant Currency per Note calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as an amount equal to the Note Value of such 
Note, less such Note’s pro rata share of any costs and expenses 
incurred by or on behalf of the Issuer in any realisation of any 
Series Assets of the relevant Series necessary to give effect to 
such redemption. To the extent that the Optional Redemption 
Amount:  
(i) 
exceeds the Principal Amount any such excess shall 
constitute interest in respect of such Note; and  
(ii) 
is less than the Principal Amount, the deficit shall be 
extinguished in accordance with Condition 5.5 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
In Specie Redemption  
The Issuer may in accordance with the relevant Authorised 
Participant 
Agreement 
and 
the 
Operating 
Procedures 
Agreement agree with any Noteholder which is also an 
Authorised Participant that any requests for the Optional 
Redemption of any Notes shall be satisfied by the transfer to, or

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
to the order of, such Noteholder on the Optional Redemption 
Settlement Date of Assets with a value on the related Optional 
Redemption Pricing Date determined by the Calculation Agent 
to be equal to the Optional Redemption Amount.  
Noteholder’s exposure to the daily 
performance of the applicable Index  
 
The return on each Series of Notes will be linked to the value of 
the portfolio of Series Assets for such Series, as the Final 
Redemption Amount, Mandatory Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount of each Note will be determined 
on the basis of the value of the Series Assets backing the 
relevant Series of Notes. The Assets will be selected and 
managed by the Issuer in order to replicate, to the extent 
practicable the value and yield performance (before fees and 
expenses) of the relevant Index. Therefore, Noteholders will be 
indirectly, partially exposed to the daily performance of the Index 
in respect of the Series. 
Assets  
Each Series of Notes will be secured by a portfolio held by the 
Issuer and consisting of: 
(A) digital assets (the “Digital Assets”) that:  
(i)  
are component digital assets of an index (the 
“Index”, and the digital assets that comprise 
such Index, the “Component Digital Assets”); 
and/or  
(ii)  
at the time of their purchase are not Component 
Digital Assets but that are expected by the 
Issuer to be included in the Index at the time of 
the next Index rebalancing (“Other Digital 
Assets”); and / or  
(B)  
financial derivative instruments that provide indirect 
exposure to the relevant Index or to the Digital Assets 
(the “Purchaser FDI”). 
(C)      any cash held by the Issuer in respect of such Series. 
The Issuer may also invest on an ancillary basis in 
deposits with credit institutions. 
Index 
In respect of any Series of Notes, the index specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (see the sections of this Base Prospectus 
headed “Description of the Indices”).  
The Index in respect of a Series of Notes will be specified in the 
Final Terms for the Series, and may reference one or more 
Component Digital Assets. Each Series of Notes will seek to 
replicate, to the extent practicable, the value and yield 
performance (before fees and expenses) of the relevant Index.  
Investment Approach  
The Issuer’s investment approach is to attempt to approximate 
the investment performance of the Index. The Issuer could (i) 
invest, directly or indirectly, in digital assets that are not 
Component Digital Assets of the relevant Index, and / or (ii) 
refrain from investing in digital assets that are Component Digital 
Assets of the Index, in exceptional circumstances where it 
believes that it can achieve better results by deviating from the 
Index. 
Series Assets 
The Assets held by the Issuer on the Series Account with the 
Custodian or held by the Paying Agent for and on behalf of the

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
Issuer and referenced by a Series of Notes and securing such 
Series of Notes on the basis of the CA Pledge Agreement 
between the Issuer and the Collateral Agent. 
Limited assets for repaying obligations 
The Issuer’s obligations in respect of a Series of Notes will be 
limited to the value of the Series Assets backing the respective 
Series of Notes. The Issuer will invest the proceeds of the 
issuance of each Series of Notes in the Series Assets.  
The only funds available to the Issuer to pay the amounts due in 
respect of the redemption of any Note will be proceeds of the 
realisation of a portion of the Series Assets (after a pro rata 
deduction of all fees and expenses payable by the Issuer and 
including for such purpose any costs and expenses incurred by 
the Issuer in connection with the liquidation of the Series Assets 
or the realisation of such Series Assets).  
Events of Default  
If: 
 
(1) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of any sum due in 
respect of a Series of Notes or any of them for a period 
of 14 calendar days or more; 
 
(2) 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or 
more of its obligations (other than a payment 
obligations) under the Notes, the CA Pledge Agreement 
or any other Series Document, which default is 
incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Collateral 
Agent capable of remedy, is not remedied within 30 
calendar days (or such longer period as the Collateral 
Agent may permit) after notice of such default shall have 
been given to the Issuer by the Collateral Agent (and, 
for these purposes, a failure to perform or comply with 
an obligation shall be deemed to be remediable 
notwithstanding that the failure results from not doing an 
act or thing by a particular time); 
 
(3) 
any order shall be made by any competent court or any 
resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the 
Issuer, save for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, 
consolidation, 
reorganisation 
or 
other 
similar 
arrangement on terms previously approved in writing by 
the Collateral Agent or by an Extraordinary Resolution;  
 
(4) 
a special audit is ordered in respect of the Issuer; 
 
then the Collateral Agent at its discretion may, or shall, if so 
directed in writing by the required proportion of the Noteholders, 
provided that it has been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction, declare that the Notes of such 
Series are immediately due and payable at their Final 
Redemption Amount. 
Limited recourse 
In respect of the Notes of any Series, the Series Parties and the 
Noteholders shall have recourse only to the Series Assets in 
respect of such Notes, subject always to the Issuer Security, and 
not to any other assets of the Issuer. If, following realisation in 
full of the Series Assets (whether by way of liquidation or 
enforcement) and application of available cash sums as 
provided in the Conditions any outstanding claim against the 
Issuer in respect of the Issuer oligations remains unpaid, then 
such outstanding claim shall be extinguished and no debt shall 
be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. Following the

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
extinguishment of any such claim, none of the Series Parties, 
the Noteholders of any relevant Series or any other person 
acting on behalf of any of them shall be entitled to take any 
further steps against the Issuer or any of its officers, 
shareholders, corporate service providers or directors to recover 
any further sum in respect of the extinguished claim and no debt, 
liability or obligation shall be owed to any such persons by the 
Issuer in respect of such further sum. 
 
None of the Series Parties, the Noteholders of any Series or any 
person acting on behalf of any of them may, at any time, bring, 
institute or join with any other person in bringing, instituting or 
joining insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up or 
any other similar proceedings (whether court-based or 
otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its assets, and none 
of them shall have any claim arising with respect to the sums, 
assets and/or property attributable to any other securities issued 
by the Issuer (save for any further securities which form a single 
Series with the Notes). 
Governing law of Notes 
Each Series of Notes, Series Documents relating to the Notes 
and this Base Prospectus will each be governed by German law. 
Listing and admission to trading 
The Notes issued under the Base Prospectus are admitted to 
trading at Deutsche Börse Xetra, Euronext Amsterdam, 
Euronext Paris and SIX Swiss Exchange. The Issuer may make 
application to additional stock exchanges and regulated or 
unregulated markets including multilateral trading facilities 
within the EEA or abroad for certain Series of Notes issued on 
the basis of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading.  
The Notes may be bought and sold on such exchanges without 
the involvement of an Authorised Participant. 
Selling and transfer restrictions 
There are restrictions in relation to the offering and sale of Notes 
and the distribution of offering materials in certain jurisdictions. 
See the section of this Base Prospectus headed “Subscription 
and Sale”. 
Series Account 
An account established with Bank Frick & Co AG in the name of 
the Issuer for the purpose of holding the Series Assets and all 
distributions received by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of 
the Series Assets, and all proceeds of the Series Assets, 
whereby separate accounts shall be established for each Series 
of Notes. 
Custody of Digital Assets  
The Issuer digital wallets are principally maintained by the 
Custodian.  
A small portion of the Digital Assets may be held on digital 
wallets maintained by digital asset exchanges. The Issuer will 
maintain separate wallets with respect to Digital Assets 
referenced by each Series of Notes. 
Security for the Notes 
In respect of the Notes of each Series, the obligations of the 
Issuer shall be secured by the Issuer Security constituted by the 
CA Pledge Agreement relating to such Series. 
 
Pursuant to the CA Pledge Agreement relating to a Series of 
Notes, in respect of that Series the obligations of the Issuer

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
under the Notes shall be secured by a charge in favour of the 
Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Noteholders, on: 
 
(i) all sums held now or in the future by or on behalf of 
the Issuer (including, without limitation, by the Issuing 
and Paying Agent) to meet payments due in respect of 
the obligations and duties of the Issuer under the CA 
Pledge Agreement and the Notes and all rights and 
claims of the Issuer relating to such sums,  
(ii) the Series Assets and any sums of money or other 
property received or receivable now or in the future by 
or on behalf of the Issuer from or in context with the 
Series Assets and all rights and claims of the Issuer with 
regard to the Series Assets and such sums or property,  
(iii) all of the Issuer’s rights and claims as against the 
Custodian, relating to the Notes, and  
(iv) all of the Issuer’s rights and claims in respect of any 
sum or property now or in the future standing to the 
credit of the Series Account, 
in each case, to the extent that they relate to such Series of the 
Notes. 
Settlement and clearing 
A Series of Notes may, subject to all applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements, be issued in Series comprising of  
Bearer Securities or in dematerialised uncertificated registered 
form.  
See the section of this Base Prospectus headed "Settlement 
and Clearing of Notes".

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
ECONOMIC OVERVIEW OF THE NOTES 
Overview of the Notes 
 
The Issuer may from time to time issue collateralised exchange traded securities under the Programme, that 
seek to provide exposure to one or more digital assets on the terms set out in this Base Prospectus in the 
section headed "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", as completed in respect of each Series of Notes by the 
Final Terms relating to such Notes. 
 
The Issuer has been specifically set up as an SPV in order to issue the Notes under the Programme with the 
purpose to raise assets to be invested as set forth below. 
 
The return on each Series of Notes is intended to replicate, to the extent practicable, the value and yield 
performance (before fees and expenses) of the relevant Index. The Note Value will reflect the value of the -
Series Assets for each Series of Notes in which the Issuer will invest the proceeds of the issue of such Series 
of Notes. The Series Assets shall be selected and managed by the Issuer in order to replicate (to the degree 
practicable) the value and yield performance of the Index referenced by that Series. 
 
On the basis of the initial Base Prospectus valid from 28 September 2020 to 27 September 2021, the Issuer 
has already issued the following Notes, which are continued to be offered on the basis of this succeeding 
Base Prospectus: 
VanEck Vectors Ethereum ETN 
 
VETH ISIN  
DE000A3GPSP7 
VanEck Vectors Bitcoin ETN 
 
VBTC ISIN  
DE000A28M8D0 
VanEck Vectors Polkadot ETN 
 
VDOT ISIN 
DE000A3GSUC5 
VanEck Vectors Solana ETN 
 
VSOL ISIN 
DE000A3GSUD3  
VanEck Vectors TRON ETN 
 
VTRX ISIN 
DE000A3GSUE1 
 
Note Value 
 
The Note Value will be calculated on each Business Day (that is not a Disrupted Day) by the Calculation 
Agent and reflect the value of the Series Assets in respect of a Series of Notes and will take into account all 
applicable fees and expenses.  
 
On the Issue Date of a Note, the Note Value will be equal to its Issue Price. On any Valuation Date thereafter 
(which is not a Disrupted Day), the Note Value is calculated as the Note Value on the immediately preceding 
Valuation Date adjusted by the percentage change in the value of the Series Assets (net of any Costs and 
Expenses) since such preceding Valuation Date. 
 
“Costs and Expenses” means in respect of a Series of Notes, the total fees, expenses and other liabilities 
(other than the liabilities represented by the Notes) payable, and/or accrued and/or estimated to be payable 
by the Issuer in respect of such Series.  
 
Pricing Sources and Valuation Methodology 
 
Valuation Guidelines 
 
a) Calculation Agent  
The Calculation Agent, VanEck (Europe) GmbH, will be responsible for calculating the value of the underlying 
assets as well as determining the price at which the Notes are subscribed and redeemed. The Calculation 
Agent recognises that reliable valuation is also of critical importance for determining the price at which Notes 
are purchased and sold by investors on the exchanges on which the Notes are traded and the price at which 
the Notes are subscribed for and redeemed.  
 
b) Valuation Policy 
From an organizational perspective the Calculation Agent will implement robust pricing policies and 
procedures to value the digital assets. These policies and procedures address the considerations which are 
specific to digital assets. These additional considerations include the globally fragmented nature of the 
markets for digital assets, the “24/7” nature of the digital asset industry and, as described below, the possibility 
of forks arising in the blockchain.  While the Calculation Agent will retain overall responsibility for the 
calculation of the valuations, it may from time to time outsource elements of the calculation function and may

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
also rely upon information provided by pricing data providers such as Crypto Coin Comparison Limited 
(“CryptoCompare”). The Calculation Agent will monitor the performance of the pricing data providers in 
accordance with its internal policies.  
 
c) Valuation Outsourcing  
As a key element in the valuation process, the administrator of the Relevant Index (MV Index Solutions 
GmbH) and the pricing data provider (Crypto Coin Comparison Limited) will be contractually obliged to 
provide to the Calculation Agent all public information on the prices, liquidity and total number of units of the 
relevant digital assets. The Calculation Agent is in control of selecting and engaging the relevant index and 
pricing data providers. The pricing policies and procedures of the Calculation Agent will specifically address 
how significant events relevant to the valuation of digital assets will be dealt with.  As an important example, 
the policies will specify how and when forks will be considered for valuation. A fork is defined as an event 
where a blockchain for a digital asset diverges into different paths. A fork could result in different digital assets 
with potentially different prices. The Note aims to follow the Index treatment at all times insofar possible and 
practical. The specifics of different types of digital assets and their related potential impact on the valuation 
will be dealt with by a pricing committee established by the Calculation Agent. 
  
The Series Assets shall be valued as follows: 
  
(A)        Digital Assets will be valued based on the value calculated by Crypto Compare as at the relevant 
Valuation Point. This value will be the 60 minute volume weighted average price (“vwap”) prior to the 
Valuation point. The real time prices calculated by CryptoCompare, that are the input for calculating 
the 60 minute vwap, are based on: 
  
(i) Traded prices from covered exchanges; 
(ii) 24-hour liquidity weights; and 
(iii) A “liquidity penalty”. 
  
At any time the real time price for a Digital Asset is the weighted average of prices on all covered 
exchanges (included exchanges can be found under www.cryptocompare.com), where the weight 
belonging to an exchange is the ratio of the 24 hour trading volume to the total trading volume on all 
covered exchanges. The traded volume on each covered exchange is adjusted with a liquidity penalty 
factor that depends on the time since the last trade. 
  
(B)        FDI that are dealt on a Regulated Market shall be valued at the settlement price as at the Valuation 
Point as determined by the relevant Regulated Market, provided that where it is not the practice of 
the relevant Regulated Market to quote a settlement price, or if a settlement price is not available for 
any reason, such instruments shall be valued at their probable realisation value estimated with care 
and in good faith by the Calculation Agent. 
  
(C)        Cash deposits and similar investments shall be valued at their face value together with accrued 
interest unless in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any adjustment should be made to reflect the 
fair value thereof. 
 
   
Factors affecting the Note Value and the market value of the Notes 
 
The Note Value may be affected by a number of factors, including: 
 
i. 
the performance of the Series Assets for that Series. The value of the Series Assets for a Series will 
vary depending on global and regional economic performance, market sentiment, borrowing and 
lending rates, the liquidity of the Series Assets and any other factors that may affect the ability of a 
holder of such Series Assets to value or sell their holding; 
 
ii. 
the level of the fees and expenses taken into account when calculating the Note Value; and 
 
iii. 
the occurrence of a Disruption Event, an Adjustment Event or a change in law. 
 
General movements in local and international markets and factors that affect the investment climate and 
investor sentiment could all affect the level of trading and, therefore, the market price of the Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
While the level of the Index is not used in the calculation of the Note Value, changes in the level of the Index 
may be reflected by similar changes in the value of the Series Assets. 
 
The market price of the Notes may also be affected (directly or indirectly) by a number of factors, including, 
but not limited to: 
 
(i) 
the value and volatility of the Component Digital Assets of the Index referenced by the Notes and 
the Series Assets; 
(ii) 
market perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates; 
(iii) 
whether or not any market disruption is subsisting; 
(iv) 
the nature and value of the Series Assets relating to such Series of Notes; 
(v)  
the creditworthiness of the Custodian and the Authorised Participants; and 
(vi) 
any fees or execution costs applicable to subscriptions for or redemptions of the Notes; and 
(vii)  
the liquidity in the Notes. 
The Note Value and the secondary market price of the Notes can go down as well as up throughout the term 
of the Notes. 
 
Certain indices may be more volatile than other indices, and the secondary market price of the Notes which 
reference such index may demonstrate similar volatility. Prospective investors should be aware that the Note 
Value and market price of any Notes on any Valuation Date may not reflect their prior or future performance. 
 
There can be no assurance as to the future value and market price of the Notes. See the section of this Base 
Prospectus headed "Risk Factors" for a description of certain of the risks associated with an investment in 
Notes. 
 
Issue Price 
 
The Issue Price in respect of a Series of Notes will be specified in the Final Terms relating to such Series. 
 
Use of issue proceeds 
 
The net proceeds of issuance of each Series of Notes on the Issue Date of such Series will be invested in 
the Series Assets in order to replicate, to the extent practicable the value and yield performance (before fees 
and expenses) of the relevant Index.  
 
Interest on the Notes 
 
The Notes do not bear interest at a prescribed rate. 
 
Amount payable on the maturity of the Notes 
 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or purchased and cancelled by the Issuer, each Series of Notes will 
become due and payable on their Final Redemption Settlement Date at their Final Redemption Amount. 
 
An amount per Note calculated by the Calculation Agent as an amount equal to the Note Value of such Note, 
less such Note’s pro rata share of any costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Issuer in any 
realisation of any Series Assets of the relevant Series necessary to give effect to such redemption. To the 
extent that the Final Redemption Amount:  
(i) 
exceeds the Principal Amount any such excess shall constitute interest in respect of such Note; and  
(ii) 
is less than the Principal Amount, the deficit shall be extinguished in accordance with Condition 5.5.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
Early redemption 
 
If an Event of Default occurs in respect of a Series of Notes, each Note of such Series will become 
immediately due and payable at its Final Redemption Amount, subject to the Issuer having sufficient funds 
available, after applying the proceeds of the liquidation of the Series Assets in paying all senior amounts due 
in accordance with the applicable orders of priority, to pay such amounts in full. 
 
Optional redemption of Notes by Noteholders 
 
Notes may be applied for and redeemed on any Valuation Date, but the requisite application and redemption 
notices and orders may only be given by Authorised Participants. All other persons must buy and sell Notes 
through trading on the stock exchange(s) on which such Notes are admitted to trading. 
 
A Noteholder which is also an Authorised Participant may on any Valuation Date require the Issuer to redeem 
all or part of its holding of Notes of a Series at the Optional Redemption Amount on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Settlement Date by submitting to the Issuer a valid Redemption Order in accordance with the 
relevant Authorised Participant Agreement and the Operating Procedures Agreement. 
 
A Noteholder of any Series which is not also an Authorised Participant may require the Issuer to redeem all 
or any part of its holding of such Notes at the Optional Redemption Amount only if the Issuer has notified the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 in respect of any Valuation Date that redemption requests from 
Noteholders which are not Authorised Participants will be permitted and no later notice to the contrary has 
been delivered. 
 
Any Note that is subject to Optional Redemption in accordance with Condition 8.2 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes will become due and payable on the relevant Optional Redemption Settlement Date 
at its Optional Redemption Amount, being an amount per Note calculated by the Calculation Agent as an 
amount equal to the Note Value of such Note, less such Note’s pro rata share of any costs and expenses 
incurred by or on behalf of the Issuer in any realisation of any Series Assets of the relevant Series necessary 
to give effect to such redemption. To the extent that the Optional Redemption Amount:  
(i) 
exceeds the Principal Amount any such excess shall constitute interest in respect of such Note; and  
(ii) 
is less than the Principal Amount, the deficit shall be extinguished in accordance with Condition 5.5 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
 
 
In Specie Redemption  
 
The Issuer may in accordance with the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement and the Operating 
Procedures Agreement agree with any Noteholder which is also an Authorised Participant that any requests 
for the Optional Redemption of any Notes shall be satisfied by the transfer by the Issuer to, or to the order of, 
such Noteholder on the Optional Redemption Settlement Date of Series Assets with a value on the related 
Optional Redemption Pricing Date determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the Optional 
Redemption Amount. 
 
Mandatory redemption 
 
If a Mandatory Redemption Event occurs in respect of a Series of Notes, each Note of such Series will 
become due and payable on the Mandatory Redemption Settlement Date at its Mandatory Redemption 
Amount. To the extent that the Mandatory Redemption Amount:  
 
(i) 
exceeds the Principal Amount any such excess shall constitute interest in respect of such Note; and  
 
(ii) 
is less than the Principal Amount, the deficit shall be extinguished in accordance with Condition 5.5 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
 
 
Funding of payments due to the holders of the Notes 
 
The Issuer will fund any payment(s) due to the holder of a Note (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Mandatory Redemption Amount due

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
in respect of such Note) from the realisation of the Series Assets relating to the respective Series of 
Notes. The Issuer’s ability to pay to the holder of a Note any amounts due in respect of such Note is 
entirely dependent on the success in realisation of the Series Assets for the respective Series. 
 
If, following the realisation in full of the Series Assets relating to a Series of Notes there are any 
outstanding claims against the Issuer in respect of such Series of Notes, then such outstanding 
claims will be extinguished and no debt will be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. 
 
 
Taxation and no gross-up 
 
Each Noteholder will assume and be solely responsible for any and all Taxes of any jurisdiction or 
governmental or regulatory authority, including, without limitation, any state or local Taxes or other like 
assessment or charges that may be applicable to any payment to it in respect of the Notes. In the event that 
any withholding or deduction for or on account of Tax is imposed on payments on the Notes, the Noteholders 
will be subject to such Tax or deduction and will not be entitled to receive amounts to compensate for such 
withholding or deduction. No Event of Default will occur as a result of any such withholding or deduction. 
 
Transfers and liquidations of Series Assets by the Issuer may be subject to charges, withholding or deduction 
for, or on account of, Taxes. In such circumstances the sums available to the Issuer to pay the Final 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount or the Mandatory Redemption Amount may not be 
sufficient to satisfy in full the claims of the Noteholders and all creditors whose claims rank in priority to those 
of the Noteholders. 
 
Fees and Expenses  
A subscription or redemption fee may be charged by the Issuer to Authorised Participants in respect of any 
subscription or redemption orders for Notes. The level of the subscription or redemption fee in respect of any 
Series of Notes will be specified in the Final Terms for such Series.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SERIES ASSETS  
Each Series of Notes will seek to replicate, to the degree practicable the value and yield performance (before 
fees and expenses) of an index (the “Index”) which may reference one or more digital assets (the 
“Component Digital Assets”). The relevant Index in respect of a Series of Notes will be specified in the Final 
Terms for the Series. 
The Series Assets 
The Series Assets in respect of each Series of Notes will be the proceeds of the issue of such Series of Notes 
as invested by the Issuer. The proceeds of the issue of each Series of Notes will be applied by the Issuer to 
replicate as close as possible the performance of the Index by acquiring: 
 
(A)  
digital assets (the “Digital Assets”) that:  
(i)  
are Component Digital Assets of the relevant Index; and/or  
(ii)  
at the time of their purchase are not Component Digital Assets but that are announced by 
the Index Provider to be included in the Index at the time of the next rebalancing (“Other 
Digital Assets”); and / or  
(B)  
financial derivative instruments that provide indirect exposure to the relevant Digital Assets (the 
“FDI”). 
(the assets at (A) and (B) acquired by the Issuer with the proceeds of the issue in respect of any Series of 
Notes together with any cash held by the Issuer or by the Issuing and Paying Agent for and on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of such Series, the “Series Assets”).  
Digital Assets 
A description of digital assets generally together with a description of a selection of digital assets is included 
in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled Description of the Digital Assets. 
FDI 
FDI may be used by the Issuer only in exceptional circumstances where this is more cost efficient or more 
secure to gain the exposure than through a direct investment. FDIs may consist of futures contracts that are 
derived form the Component Digital Assets and which are exchange-listed derivatives and traded on an 
exchange which is established in any member state of the European Union or in a member country of the 
OECD (a “Regulated Exchange”). 
 
Borrowings 
The Issuer may, in respect of each Series of Notes, borrow money in an amount of up to 10% of the aggregate 
Note Value of the Notes of such Series at any time and may charge the digital assets of the Series as security 
for any such borrowing, provided that such borrowing is only for temporary purposes. 
Investment Approach 
 
The Issuer will seek to invest directly (and where required during exceptional market conditions - indirectly) 
in a portfolio of digital assets that, as far possible and practicable will consist of the Component Digital Assets 
that comprise the Index. The Issuer does not intend to use an entirely “passive” or indexing investment 
approach but will attempt to approximate the investment performance of the Index.  
Due to the practical difficulties and expense of purchasing the current components and future components in 
the Index, the Issuer may not purchase all of the Component Digital Assets of the Index. Instead, the Issuer 
may utilise a “sampling” methodology for the Series if so allowed according to the Final Terms for such Series. 
As such, the Issuer may purchase a subset of the Component Digital Assets in the Index and/or digital assets 
which have a similar risk and return profile as the Component Digital Assets in an effort to hold a portfolio of 
digital assets with generally the same risk and return characteristics.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
If and to the extent that this is allowed according to the Final Terms, the Issuer also may, in exceptional 
circumstances such as the unavailability of certain digital assets due to but not limited to transaction backlogs, 
distributed denial of service or other cyber attacks on the blockchain, etc, invest in Other Digital Assets that 
it believes closely reflect the risk and return characteristics of digital assets of the Index. 
The representative sampling approach which may be used by the Issuer if so allowed according to the final 
Terms for a Series seeks to build a representative portfolio of Series Assets that provides a return comparable 
to that of the Index. Consequently, the Issuer will, in respect of a Series of Notes, from time to time hold only 
a subset of the Component Digital Assets of the relevant Index. The digital assets held by the Issuer in respect 
of a Series, representing a subset of all Component Digital Assets in the Index, will generally have the 
characteristics of the Index and are chosen with the intention of replicating the performance of the Index with 
a predicted level of tracking error. 
The Issuer may invest in ancillary assets which may include deposits with credit institutions and FDI for 
efficient portfolio management as described below. 
Efficient Portfolio Management 
 
The Issuer will generally invest the proceeds of the sale of the Notes into a portfolio of digital assets. The 
Issuer may at times of disruptions and inefficiencies in the digital asset markets also invest in FDIs derived 
from the Component Digital Assets for efficient portfolio management or hedging purposes. The use of FDIs 
for the purpose of efficiently gaining exposure to digital assets and/or to reducing risk may be used 
exceptionally. This may on occasion lead to an increase in risk profile of the relevant Series of Notes or result 
in a fluctuatio in the expected level of volatility.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE INDICES 
The information in this section of the Base Prospectus has been extracted from public information and 
information published by the Index Administrator and has been reproduced on the basis of information 
available to the Issuer. Such information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is able to 
ascertain from such information, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. The websites set out below and their contents do not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. The delivery of this Base Prospectus at any time does not imply any representation on the part 
of the Issuer or any other Series Party that the information contained therein is correct at any time subsequent 
to the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Purchasers of Notes are advised to conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding the 
Indices, the relevant Index Administrators and all other parties connected to the Indices from time to time as 
they deem appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the Notes. 
Applicable Index  
 
The Final Terms for each Series of Notes will specify the Index which is applicable to that Series.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following Indices may be referenced by one or several Series of 
Notes.  
MVIS CryptoCompare Bitcoin VWAP Close Index (“MVBTCV”) 
Index Description 
MVBTCV is a rules based, modified capitalization weighted index intended to give investors a means of 
tracking the overall performance of the leading digital asset regarding size, liquidity, legitimacy/quality and 
infrastructure. The intraday price, which is disseminated every 15 seconds, is based on a methodology which 
collects prices from several digital assets exchanges and weights them based on their liquidity. The closing 
price, disseminated at 16:00:00 PM CET is a volume weighted average of the last 60 minutes prior to close. 
Further information about MVBTCV e.g. with regards to the index methodology and changes of the index 
may be found on www.mvis-indices.com. 
The index was launched on 6 August 2020 with a base index value of 100.00 as of 31 December 2014. 
Index Provider 
MVBTCV is the exclusive property of MV Index Solutions GmbH (“MVIS”), having its registered office at 
Kreuznacher Strasse 30, 60486 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Van Eck 
Associates Corporation, having its registered office at 666 3rd Avenue, 10017 NY, NY, the United States of 
America, which has contracted with CryptoCompare to maintain and calculate the Index. CryptoCompare 
uses its best efforts to ensure that the index is calculated correctly. Irrespective of its obligations towards 
MVIS, CryptoCompare has no obligation to point out errors in the index to third parties. 
Index Rebalancing 
MVBTCV is reconstituted and rebalanced monthly. 
The rebalancing follows the defined Review procedure by the Index Provider: 
The reviews for all indices are based on the (adjusted) closing data on the fifth but last business day in that 
month. If a digital asset does not trade on a business day, then the last available price for this digital asset 
will be used. 
A “business day” means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open 
for business in Frankfurt, Germany. 
Adjustments to constituents will be announced four business days prior to the first business day of the next 
month at 23:00 CET. 
Indices are rebalanced at 16:00:00 CET of the last trading day in each month.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
The above is a summary of the rules of MVBTCV only.  The complete set of rules of MVBTCV and 
information on the performance of such Index are freely accessible on the Index Administrator’s 
website: www.mvis-indices.com. 
 
MVIS CryptoCompare Ethereum Index (“MVETH”) 
Index Description 
The MVIS CryptoCompare Ethereum Index is designed to track the performance of an Ethereum digital asset. 
There is no component other than Ethereum in the index. 
In case of a hard fork, which results in several active lines, rule 5.2.1 applies. The spun-off coin will be 
removed one day after the effective date (when a price and the main net is available) until the number of 
components is 1 again. In the unlikely event a spun-off coin is larger than Ethereum (by market capitalisation) 
and is in general accepted as the successor of the original chain, the index owner might decide to keep it as 
the only index component. 
The index is calculated daily between 00:00 and 24:00 (CET) and the index values are disseminated to data 
vendors every 15 seconds. The index is disseminated in USD and the closing value is calculated at 17:00:00 
GMT with fixed 17:00 GMT exchange rates. 
Adjustments to constituents will be announced four business days prior to the first business day of the next 
month at 23:00 CET. 
The MVIS CryptoCompare Ethereum Index has the following identifiers: 
Index Type  
 
ISIN  
 
 
SEDOL  
WKN   
Bloomberg  
Reuters 
Price Return Index  
DE000SL0CAC6  
BN6HR93  
SL0CAC  
MVETHV 
.MVETHV 
The index was launched on 13 January 2021 with a base index value of 10.00 as of 31 December 2015. 
Index Provider 
MVETH is the exclusive property of MV Index Solutions GmbH (“MVIS”), having its registered office at 
Kreuznacher Strasse 30, 60486 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Van Eck 
Associates Corporation, having its registered office at 666 3rd Avenue, 10017 NY, NY, the United States of 
America, which has contracted with CryptoCompare to maintain and calculate the Index. CryptoCompare 
uses its best efforts to ensure that the index is calculated correctly. Irrespective of its obligations towards 
MVIS, CryptoCompare has no obligation to point out errors in the index to third parties. 
Index Rebalancing 
The Index is rebalanced at 16:00:00 CET of the last trading day of each month. 
The reviews for all indices are based on the (adjusted) closing data on the fifth but last business day in that 
month. If a digital asset does not trade on a business day, then the last available price for this digital asset 
will be used. 
A “business day” means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open 
for business in Frankfurt, Germany. 
The above is a summary of the rules of MVETH only.  The complete set of rules of MVETH and 
information on the performance of such Index are freely accessible on the Index Administrator’s 
website: www.mvis-indices.com. 
 
MVIS CryptoCompare Polkadot VWAP Close Index (MVDOTV) 
Index Description 
The MVIS CryptoCompare Polkadot VWAP Close Index is designed to track the performance of a Polkadot 
digital asset. There is no component other than Polkadot in the index.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
In case of a hard fork, which results in several active lines, rule 5.2.1 applies. The spun-off coin will be 
removed one day after the effective date (when a price and the main net is available) until the number of 
components is 1 again. In the unlikely event a spun-off coin is larger than Polkadot (by market capitalisation) 
and is in general accepted as the successor of the original chain, the index owner might decide to keep it as 
the only index component. 
The index is calculated daily between 00:00 and 24:00 (CET) and the index values are disseminated to data 
vendors every 15 seconds. The index is disseminated in USD and the closing value is calculated at 16:00:00 
CET based on 1h volume weighted average prices (VWAPs) between 15:00 and 16:00 CET. The VWAPs 
are calculated with CCCAGG prices. 
Adjustments to constituents will be announced four business days prior to the first business day of the next 
month at 23:00 CET. 
The MVIS CryptoCompare Polkadot VWAP Close Index has the following identifiers: 
Index Type  
 
ISIN  
 
 
SEDOL   
WKN  
 
Bloomberg  
Reuters 
Price Return Index  
DE000SL0DMZ0   
BMC2PJ1  
SL0DMZ  
MVDOTV  
.MVDOTV 
The index was launched on 30 June 2021 with a base index value of 100.00 as of 30 September 2020. 
Index Provider 
MVDOTV is the exclusive property of MV Index Solutions GmbH (“MVIS”), having its registered office at 
Kreuznacher Strasse 30, 60486 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Van Eck 
Associates Corporation, having its registered office at 666 3rd Avenue, 10017 NY, NY, the United States of 
America, which has contracted with CryptoCompare to maintain and calculate the Index. CryptoCompare 
uses its best efforts to ensure that the index is calculated correctly. Irrespective of its obligations towards 
MVIS, CryptoCompare has no obligation to point out errors in the index to third parties. 
Index Rebalancing 
The Index is rebalanced at 16:00:00 CET of the last trading day of each month. 
The reviews for all indices are based on the (adjusted) closing data on the fifth but last business day in that 
month. If a digital asset does not trade on a business day, then the last available price for this digital asset 
will be used. 
A “business day” means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open 
for business in Frankfurt, Germany. 
The above is a summary of the rules of MVDOTV only.  The complete set of rules of MVDOTV and 
information on the performance of such Index are freely accessible on the Index Administrator’s 
website: www.mvis-indices.com. 
 
MVIS CryptoCompare Solana VWAP Close Index (MVSOLV) 
Index Description 
The MVIS CryptoCompare Solana VWAP Close Index is designed to track the performance of a Solana 
digital asset. There is no component other than Solana in the index. 
In case of a hard fork, which results in several active lines, rule 5.2.1 applies. The spun-off coin will be 
removed one day after the effective date (when a price and the main net is available) until the number of 
components is 1 again. In the unlikely event a spun-off coin is larger than Solana (by market capitalisation) 
and is in general accepted as the successor of the original chain, the index owner might decide to keep it as 
the only index component. 
The index is calculated daily between 00:00 and 24:00 (CET) and the index values are disseminated to data 
vendors every 15 seconds. The index is disseminated in USD and the closing value is calculated at 16:00:00 
CET based on 1h volume weighted average prices (VWAPs) between 15:00 and 16:00 CET. The VWAPs 
are calculated with CCCAGG prices. 
Adjustments to constituents will be announced four business days prior to the first business day of the next 
month at 23:00 CET.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
The MVIS CryptoCompare Solana VWAP Close Index has the following identifiers: 
Index Type  
 
ISIN  
 
SEDOL   
WKN  
 
Bloomberg  
Reuters 
Price Return Index  
DE000SL0DMY3 BMC2P79  
SL0DMY  
MVSOLV  
.MVSOLV 
The index was launched on 30 June 2021 with a base index value of 10.00 as of 31 July 2020. 
Index Provider 
MVSOLV is the exclusive property of MV Index Solutions GmbH (“MVIS”), having its registered office at 
Kreuznacher Strasse 30, 60486 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Van Eck 
Associates Corporation, having its registered office at 666 3rd Avenue, 10017 NY, NY, the United States of 
America, which has contracted with CryptoCompare to maintain and calculate the Index. CryptoCompare 
uses its best efforts to ensure that the index is calculated correctly. Irrespective of its obligations towards 
MVIS, CryptoCompare has no obligation to point out errors in the index to third parties. 
Index Rebalancing 
The Index is rebalanced at 16:00:00 CET of the last trading day of each month. 
The reviews for all indices are based on the (adjusted) closing data on the fifth but last business day in that 
month. If a digital asset does not trade on a business day, then the last available price for this digital asset 
will be used. 
A “business day” means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open 
for business in Frankfurt, Germany. 
The above is a summary of the rules of MVSOLV only.  The complete set of rules of MVSOLV and 
information on the performance of such Index are freely accessible on the Index Administrator’s 
website: www.mvis-indices.com. 
 
MVIS CryptoCompare TRON VWAP Close Index (MVTRXV) 
Index Description 
The MVIS CryptoCompare TRON VWAP Close Index is designed to track the performance of a TRON digital 
asset. There is no component other than TRON in the index. 
In case of a hard fork, which results in several active lines, rule 5.2.1 applies. The spun-off coin will be 
removed one day after the effective date (when a price and the main net is available) until the number of 
components is 1 again. In the unlikely event a spun-off coin is larger than TRON (by market capitalisation) 
and is in general accepted as the successor of the original chain, the index owner might decide to keep it as 
the only index component. 
The index is calculated daily between 00:00 and 24:00 (CET) and the index values are disseminated to data 
vendors every 15 seconds. The index is disseminated in USD and the closing value is calculated at 16:00:00 
CET based on 1h volume weighted average prices (VWAPs) between 15:00 and 16:00 CET. The VWAPs 
are calculated with CCCAGG prices. 
Adjustments to constituents will be announced four business days prior to the first business day of the next 
month at 23:00 CET. 
The MVIS CryptoCompare TRON VWAP Close Index has the following identifiers: 
Index Type  
 
ISIN  
 
SEDOL   
WKN  
 
Bloomberg  
Reuters 
rice Return Index   
DE000SL0DM05  BMC2PK2  
SL0DM0  
MVTRXV  
.MVTRXV 
The index was launched on 30 June 2021 with a base index value of 100.00 as of 31 December 2018. 
Index Provider 
MVTRXV is the exclusive property of MV Index Solutions GmbH (“MVIS”), having its registered office at 
Kreuznacher Strasse 30, 60486 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Van Eck 
Associates Corporation, having its registered office at 666 3rd Avenue, 10017 NY, NY, the United States of 
America, which has contracted with CryptoCompare to maintain and calculate the Index. CryptoCompare

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
uses its best efforts to ensure that the index is calculated correctly. Irrespective of its obligations towards 
MVIS, CryptoCompare has no obligation to point out errors in the index to third parties. 
Index Rebalancing 
The Index is rebalanced at 16:00:00 CET of the last trading day of each month. 
The reviews for all indices are based on the (adjusted) closing data on the fifth but last business day in that 
month. If a digital asset does not trade on a business day, then the last available price for this digital asset 
will be used. 
A “business day” means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open 
for business in Frankfurt, Germany. 
The above is a summary of the rules of MVTRXV only.  The complete set of rules of MVTRXV and 
information on the performance of such Index are freely accessible on the Index Administrator’s 
website: www.mvis-indices.com. 
Benchmark Regulation  
Under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark Regulation”), benchmark administrators should apply for 
authorisation or registration as an administrator before 1 January 2020. Upon such authorisation or 
registration, the benchmark administrator or the benchmark will appear on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Indices applying on the Series of Notes issued under this Base 
Prospectus are benchmarks with an administrator indicated in the ESMA register within the meaning of the 
Benchmark Regulation.  
Additional Indices 
The Issuer may from time to time issue other Notes which seek to replicate, to the extent practicable the 
value and yield performance (before fees and expenses) of an Index other than those listed above. In such 
circumstances, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus, as further described in the 
section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Supplements”.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE DIGITAL ASSETS 
The information in this section of the Base Prospectus has been extracted from public information and has 
been reproduced on the basis of information available to the Issuer. Such information has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is able to ascertain from such information, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The delivery of this Base 
Prospectus at any time does not imply any representation on the part of the Issuer, any other Series Party or 
any other person that any information contained therein is correct at any time subsequent to the date of this 
Base Prospectus.  
Each Series of Notes is intended to replicate, to the extent practicable the value and yield performance 
(before fees and expenses) of the relevant Index which is linked to the daily performance of one or more 
digital assets. A general overview of digital assets together with a description of a selection of digital assets 
appears below.  
 
Structure of digital assets 
 
Digital assets are not issued by any government, bank or central organization in the same way as fiat 
currencies or traditional assets such as shares or bonds, and instead exist on an online, peer-to-peer network 
(the “Network”) that hosts a public transaction ledger where digital assets transactions are recorded. When 
a transaction (i.e. transfer of digital assets between two digital wallets, or from one digital asset owner to 
another) is made, it is signed by the owner’s encrypted electronic signature, as detailed below. Once signed, 
this transaction is then broadcasted to the Network through peer-to-peer technology. 
 
Each transaction is broadcast to the Network and recorded in a blockchain using a mining process. The 
blockchain (the “Blockchain”) is a public transaction ledger of the Network on which miners or mining pools 
solve algorithmic equations allowing them to add records of recent transactions (called “blocks”) to the chain 
of transactions in exchange for an award of the relevant digital asset from the Network and the payment of 
transaction fees, if any, from users whose transactions are recorded in the block being added. Miners use 
cryptographic technology to encrypt the identities of the digital assets owners and verify if the transaction is 
valid. This process ensures the legitimacy of the record keeping and prevents a malicious third party from 
adding fraudulent blocks to generate counterfeit digital assets or reversing prior transactions. 
 
A transaction between two parties will only be recorded in the Blockchain if that block is accepted by a majority 
of the nodes in the Network. Validation will be achieved by confirming the cryptographic hash value included 
in the block’s solution and by the block’s addition to the longest confirmed Blockchain on the Network. Each 
block contains a reference to the immediately preceding block, therefore additional blocks incorporated into 
the Blockchain constitute additional confirmations of the transactions in the prior blocks. Inclusion in the 
Blockchain constitutes a confirmation of the transaction. Exchanges may set their own criteria in relation to 
how many confirmations are required until the funds transfer is confirmed as valid. 
 
A confirmed transaction is considered final and can no longer be reversed. It will then become part of the 
history of transactions in a Blockchain. 
 
Mining 
Mining is the process by which digital assets are created and transactions are verified. A miner or user can 
begin the mining process by downloading a software program which turns the user’s computer into a node 
on the Network that validates blocks. As each digital assets transaction is validated, new blocks are added 
to the Blockchain and new digital assets are issued to the miners.  
 
The miner must solve a complex computational algorithm in order to add a block to the Blockchain. Each 
block can only be solved and added to the Blockchain by one miner, therefore all miners are engaged in a 
competitive process of constantly increasing their computer power to improve their likelihood of solving the 
block. The miner’s proposed block will be added to the Blockchain once a majority of the nodes on the 
Network confirms the miner’s work. This process is called Proof of Work (“PoW”). 
 
As compensation for successfully adding a block to the Blockchain, miners are automatically awarded a fixed 
amount of digital assets and / or any transaction fees paid by transferors whose transactions are recorded in 
the block.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
Staking 
Some digital assets networks rely on staking to validate block transactions. Instead of solving complex 
computational algorithms to add a block to the Blockchain, Proof of Stake (“PoS”) depends on a staking 
party’s economic stake in the network. New blocks to the Blockchain are added based on the percentage 
share a staking party holds compared to the total digital assets of that network outstanding. 
 
Trading digital assets 
Digital assets trading works like foreign exchange trading, only that digital assets are involved instead of 
actual foreign currencies. Digital assets can be traded through digital assets exchanges. These exchanges 
are websites where digital assets can be bought, sold and exchanged for other digital assets or actual 
currencies like USD, GBP, or EUR. 
 
There are three different types of digital assets exchanges, as follows: 
 
• 
Trading Platforms 
 
There are websites that connect different traders (i.e. buyers and sellers). They charge transaction 
fees for every trading transaction made. 
 
• 
Direct Trading 
 
This is a type of platform that allows direct person-to-person trading involving individuals from 
different countries. There is no fixed market price for direct digital assets trading. Sellers are permitted 
to set their own rate.  
 
• 
Brokers 
 
Like regular foreign exchange dealers, digital assets brokers set the price of digital assets that are 
being traded on their websites. 
 
Before engaging in a digital assets transaction, a user must first obtain a digital “wallet” in order to store the 
digital assets. A “wallet” is a software program that generates the relevant digital assets addresses and 
enables users to transfer digital assets with other users.  
 
A user may install certain digital assets programs on their computer which will generate a digital wallet. Users 
may own an unlimited number of digital wallets. Every wallet contains one or more unique addresses and a 
verification system for each address. Such verification system consists of both a “public” and “private” key, 
which are mathematically related. 
 
To transfer digital assets, the recipient of the digital assets will direct the transferor to send payment to the 
address generated by the recipient’s digital wallet or to the recipient’s public key, which encodes the payment 
and serves as an address for the digital wallet. The transferor will approve the transfer to the recipient by 
“signing” the transaction request with the “private key” of the address from where the transferor is transferring 
the digital asset. The “signing” is usually automated by software which runs the digital wallets of the recipient 
and transferor. The recipient of the digital asset will not disclose its private key to the transferor, as the private 
key provides access to, and the transfer of funds from the recipient’s wallet. The digital asset is then 
transferred from the transferor’s digital wallet to the recipient’s digital wallet and the transaction is validated 
on the Network.  
 
Bitcoin 
 
Bitcoin was the very first digital asset and currently possesses the “first-to-market” advantage and has 
captured a majority of the industry’s market share (“Bitcoin”). Bitcoin was first created and released in 2009 
by Satoshi Nakamoto. Satoshi Nakamoto is thought to be a pseudonym for the inventor or the group of 
inventors responsible for the creation of Bitcoins. In January 2009, Mr. Nakamoto mined the first 50 Bitcoins, 
known as the genesis block. After the creation of the genesis block, the Bitcoin Network was initially formed

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
mostly by a small group of early adopters. It started to gain traction approximately a year later and was quickly 
adopted by a vast peer-to-peer network.  
 
Bitcoins are not a fiat currency (i.e., a currency that is backed by a central bank or a national, supra-national 
or quasi-national organization) and are not backed by hard assets or other credit. As a result, the value of 
Bitcoins is currently determined by the value that various market participants place on Bitcoins through their 
transactions.  
Due to the peer-to-peer framework of the Bitcoin Network and the protocols thereunder, transferors and 
recipients of Bitcoins are able to determine the value of the Bitcoins transferred by mutual agreement or 
barter with respect to their transactions. As a result, the most common means of determining the value of a 
Bitcoin is by surveying one or more Bitcoin exchanges where Bitcoins are bought, sold and traded. On each 
Bitcoin exchange, Bitcoins are traded with publicly disclosed valuations for each transaction, measured by 
one or more fiat currencies such as the USD or the EUR. Bitcoin price indexes have also been developed by 
a number of service providers in the Bitcoin space.  
The Bitcoin end-user-to-end-user ecosystem operates on a continuous, 24-hour per day basis. This is 
accomplished through decentralized peer-to-peer transactions between parties on a principal-to-principal 
basis. All risks and issues of credit are between the parties directly involved in the transaction. Liquidity can 
change from time to time during the course of a 24-hour trading day. Transaction costs, if any, are negotiable 
between the parties and may vary widely, although, where transaction fees are included, they are paid by the 
sending party in a Bitcoin transaction. There are currently no official designated market makers for Bitcoins 
and hence no standard transaction sizes, bid-offer spreads or typical known cost per transaction.  
Global Bitcoin Market 
Global trade in Bitcoins consists of individual end-user-to-end-user transactions, together with facilitated 
exchange-based Bitcoin trading. A limited market currently exists for Bitcoin-based derivatives.  
Bitcoin Exchange Market 
Online Bitcoin exchanges represent a substantial percentage of Bitcoin buying and selling activity and provide 
the most data with respect to prevailing valuations of Bitcoins. These exchanges include established 
exchanges such as Bitstamp, BTC-e, and Bitfinex, which provide a number of options for buying and selling 
Bitcoins.  
Ethereum 
Ether (“Ether” or “ETH”) is a digital assets whose Blockchain is generated by the ethereum platform 
(“Ethereum”). Ethereum was initially described by Vitalik Buterin in late 2013 as a result of his research and 
work on the Bitcoin community. Subsequently, Vitalik published the Ethereum white paper which described 
the technical design and rationale for the Ethereum protocol and smart contracts architecture. Ethereum was 
formally announced by Vitalk at The North American Bitcoin Conference in Miami, Florida, in January 2014.  
The development of Ethereum was funded by a presale of Ether tokens. In July 2014, Ethereum distributed 
the initial allocation of Ether via a 42-day public Ether presale, worth $18,439,086 at the time in exchange for 
approximately 60,102,216 Ether.  
Ethereum is an open software platform based on Blockchain technology that enables developers to build and 
deploy decentralized applications. Like Bitcoin, Ethereum is a public Blockchain Network, however while the 
Bitcoin Blockchain is used to track ownership of Bitcoins, the Etherum Blockchain focuses on running the 
programming code of any decentralized application. In the Ethereum Blockchain, instead of mining for Bitcoin, 
miners work to earn Ether. Ether is a type of crypto token that fuels the Network and is also used by application 
developers to pay for transaction fees and services on the Ethereum Network. 
 
Ethereum Virtual Machine 
 
Before the creation of Ethereum, Blockchain applications were designed to exclusively operate as peer-to-
peer digital assets. Ethereum’s core innovation is the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM). EVM is a software 
that runs the Ethereum Network. Before EVM, an entirely new Blockchain would need to be built for each 
new application, however, EVM enables the development of thousands of different applications all on one 
platform.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
Decentralized platform 
 
Ethereum enables developers to build and deploy decentralized applications. As decentralized applications 
are made up of code that run on a Blockchain Network, they are not controlled by any individual or central 
entity. Any services that are centralized can be decentralized using Etherum. There are many advantages to 
the decentralized platform. As decentralized applications run on the Blockchain, a third party cannot make 
changes to the data. Applications are corruption and tamper proof and are secure. With no central point of 
failure and secured using cryptography, applications are protected against hacking or tampering activities. 
 
Solana (SOL) 
Overview of the Solana Network’s Operations 
 
Solana is a blockchain created in 2017 founded by former Qualcomm, Intel, and Dropbox engineers. It uses 
a delegated Proof-of-Stake (dPoS) consensus algorithm and its method of ordering transactions aims at 
improving its speed. Solana is one of the blockchain networks with increased scalability and a decentralized 
network with small confirmation times and transaction fees. According to Solana it has 400ms block times 
and can handle up to 65,000 transactions per second.  
Solana uses the Proof-of-History (PoH) approach and is therefore able to handle thousands of transactions 
per second.  PoH uses Verifiable Delay Functions to hash incoming events and transactions to allow nodes 
to locally generate timestamps of SHA256 computations, eliminating the need for timestamps to be 
broadcasted across the network. 
 
The SOL Token (TRX) 
 
The Solana blockchain has a native cryptocurrency, the SOL utility token. SOL is used to pay for transaction 
fees when moving funds around and interacting with smart contracts on the blockchain. 
Anyone holding SOL tokens can interact with applications on the network, the same way anyone holding ETH 
can interact with applications on the Ethereum blockchain. While Ethereum uses the ERC token protocol, 
Solana uses the SPL protocol. 
 
SOL has two main use cases: 
• 
It’s used to pay for transaction fees and to interact with smart contracts 
• 
It can be staked as part of the dPoS consensus mechanism to earn staking rewards. 
 
Apart from these two use cases, decentralized applications being built on top of the Solana blockchain create 
new ones. These applications may allow SOL to be used as collateral for cryptocurrency-backed loans, or to 
be lent out to earn interest. 
Polkadot (DOT) 
Polkadot development is on track to deliver a robust platform for security, scalability, and innovation. Currently, 
Polkadot is in the pre-phase of launch. Polkadot will enable cross-blockchain transfers of any type of data or 
asset, not just tokens. Connecting to Polkadot aims at giving users the ability to interoperate with a wide 
variety of blockchains in the Polkadot network. 
The DOT token serves three distinct purposes: governance over the network, staking, and bonding. 
TRON (TRX) 
Tron is a digital asset that is created and transmitted through the operations of the peer-to-peer Tron network, 
a decentralized network that operates on cryptographic protocols. No single entity owns or operates the Tron 
network, the infrastructure of which is collectively maintained by a decentralized user base. The Tron network 
allows people to exchange tokens of value, called Tron or TRX, which are recorded on a public transaction 
ledger known as the Blockchain. TRX can be converted to fiat currencies, such as the U.S. dollar, at rates 
determined on Digital Asset Trading Platforms or in individual end-user-to-end-user transactions under a 
barter system. The Tron project was started in July 2017 and the genesis block of the network launched in 
May 2020. 
 
Overview of the Tron Network’s Operations 
 
Tron is an open-source blockchain network designed to enable various separate blockchains to become 
interconnected, application-specific sub-chains. Tron employs a shared-security mechanism where TRX 
serves as the native token of the network. In the Tron model, one primary chain (the Relay Chain) is tasked

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
with ensuring everything runs efficiently. It provides consensus and passes messages between its constituent 
chains (parachains), with blocks being produced once every six seconds.  Nominated Proof-of-Stake (NPoS) 
is the process of selecting validators to be allowed to participate in the consensus protocol.  The Relay Chain 
is composed of a relatively small number of transaction types that include ways to interact with the 
governance mechanism and participating in Nominated Proof of Stake. The Relay Chain has deliberately 
minimal functionality as the main responsibility is to coordinate the system, while other specific work is 
delegated to the parachains, which have differing implementations.   
 
In order to own, transfer or use TRX directly on the Tron network (as opposed to through an intermediary, 
such as a custodian), a person generally must have internet access to connect to the Tron network. Tron 
transactions may be made directly between end-users without the need for a third-party intermediary. To 
prevent the possibility of double-spending TRX, a user must notify the Tron network of the transaction by 
broadcasting the transaction data to its network peers. The Tron network provides confirmation against 
double-spending by memorializing every transaction in the Blockchain, which is publicly accessible and 
transparent. This memorialization and verification against double-spending is accomplished through the Tron 
network staking process, which adds “blocks” of data, including recent transaction information, to the 
Blockchain. 
 
The Tron Token (TRX) 
 
The Tron network is decentralized and does not require governmental authorities or financial institution 
intermediaries to create, transmit, or determine the value of TRX.  The first function of TRX is to entitle holders 
a manner of control for the governance of the platform. Some governance functions included are 
determination of network fees, the addition or removal of parachains, and exceptional events such as 
upgrades and fixes to the Tron platform.  TRX will be used to facilitate the consensus mechanism that 
underpins Tron. For the platform to function and allow for valid transactions to be carried out across 
parachains, participants can utilize TRX (via staking) to perform these functions. TRX Staking acts as a 
disincentive for malicious participants who will be punished by the network by getting their TRX slashed. 
Finally, TRX will have the ability to be locked for a duration in order to secure a parachain slot in the network. 
The TRX will be reserved during slot lease and will be released back to the account that reserved them after 
the duration of the lease has elapsed and the parachain is removed.  TRX can be obtained on the open 
market or by participating in TRX Staking.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
SUPPLEMENTS 
The Issuer shall prepare a supplement (each a "Supplement") to this Base Prospectus or publish a new 
base prospectus whenever required by the guidelines of any stock exchange on which Notes are listed or, 
pursuant to Art 23 of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129), if there is a significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base Prospectus 
which may affect the assessment of the securities and which arises or is noted between the time when the 
Prospectus is approved and the closing of the offer period or the time when trading on a regulated market 
begins, whichever occurs later.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
In this section the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Series of Notes, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes. In 
relation to any Notes which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuer has endeavoured to include in 
this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to such Notes which is 
not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual 
issue of a Series of Notes. 
Any information relating to any Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in 
order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Series of Notes will be contained in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
For a Series of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Series only, complete the Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Series of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the 
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to completion by the Final Terms relating 
to a particular Series of Notes, will be applicable to the Notes of such Series. Unless the context requires 
otherwise, references in these terms and conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all 
Notes which may be issued under the Programme from time to time. 
The Notes are issued under the VanEck Vectors Exchange Traded Note Programme of the Issuer (the 
"Programme"). 
The Issuer entered, in the context of the issue of Notes under the Programme, into the following agreements: 
(A) 
an agency agreement (the “Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer and the Issuing and Paying 
Agent (as defined in the Conditions) and any other “Paying Agents” (such other Paying Agents being 
defined as such together with the Issuing and Paying Agent) and the Collateral Agent;  
(B) 
a calculation agency agreement (the “Calculation Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent (as defined in the Conditions);  
(E) 
a pledge agreement (the “Collateral Agent & Pledge Agreement”, “CA Pledge Agreement”) 
between the Issuer and the Collateral Agent (as defined in the Conditions) on the terms (save as 
amended, modified and / or supplemented by the relevant Constituting Instrument);  
(F) 
an authorised participant agreement (the “Authorised Participant Agreement”) between, among 
others, the Issuer and each Authorised Participant (as defined in the Conditions); and  
(G) 
an operating procedures agreement (the “Operating Procedures Agreement”) between, among 
others, the Issuer and each Authorised Participant.    
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes of a particular Series are secured by a pledge as established 
on the basis of the CA Pledge Agreement in respect of such Series Assets.  
In relation to each Series of Notes, a Custody Agreement dated on or about the Series Issue Date (as 
amended, supplemented novated and/or replaced from time to time, the "Custody Agreement") will be 
entered into in relation to the Notes between the Issuer and the Custodian. 
The terms and conditions of a Series of Notes will be the conditions set out below as completed by the Final 
Terms applicable to such Series. References herein to the "Conditions" of the Notes are to these terms and 
conditions as so completed by the Final Terms applicable to the Notes.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
1. 
Definitions  
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
"Authorised Participant" means any Eligible Authorised Participant that has entered into an 
Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer and has acceded to the Operating Procedures 
Agreement including Flow Traders B.V., Jane Street Financial Ltd. and further Authorised 
Participants published on the Issuer’s Website.  
"Adjustment Event" means an Index Cancellation, an Index Modification or an Index Disruption.  
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person or entity, any other person or entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the person or entity, any other person or entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the 
person or entity or any other person or entity directly or indirectly under common control with the 
person or entity. For these purposes, "control" of any entity or person means the power, directly or 
indirectly, either to (a) vote 10 per cent. or more of the securities having ordinary voting power for the 
election of directors of the relevant person or entity or (b) direct or cause the direction of the 
management and policies of such person or entity whether by contract or otherwise. 
"Agents" means in relation to each Series of Notes, the Calculation Agent, the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, the Paying Agent(s) and such other agent(s) as may be appointed from time to time in relation 
to the Notes of such Series under the relevant Agency Agreement, the Calculation Agency 
Agreement or any other agreement with the Issuer under which such agent is appointed from time to 
time in relation to the Notes, as applicable, and any successor or replacement and "Agent" means 
any of them. 
"Authorised Participant Agreement" means, in respect of an Authorised Participant, the authorised 
participant agreement (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time) 
entered into by the Issuer and such Authorised Participant. 
"Bearer Securities" has the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
"Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are 
open for general business in Frankfurt, Germany.. 
"Calculation Agent" means VanEck (Europe) GmbH, Kreuznacher Str. 30, 60486 Frankfurt, 
Germany and any successor or replacement thereto or any other entity appointed as Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the terms of the Calculation Agency Agreement. 
"Calculation Agent Breach" has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.6(B). 
"Central Depository" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt. 
"Clearing System Business Day" means a day on which the Relevant Clearing System is open for 
business. 
"Clearstream Banking Frankfurt " means the central depository Clearstream Banking Frankfurt 
(CBF) . 
"Component Digital Assets" means the component digital assets of the relevant Index in respect of 
a Series of Notes.  
"Currency Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in the principal financial centre of the Relevant Currency or, in the case of euros, a city in which banks 
in general have access to the TARGET2 System. 
"Custodian" means Bank Frick & Co AG or any successor or replacement thereto or any other entity 
appointed as custodian in accordance with the terms of the Custody Agreement. 
“Custody Account” means each account of the Custodian in which the Series Assets will be held by 
the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
"Definitive Securities" means Bearer Securities in definitive form and includes any replacement 
Note issued pursuant to these Conditions. 
"Denomination" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, an amount equal to its Principal Amount. 
"Disrupted Day" means in respect of any Series, any day on which the markets on which the 
Component Digital Assets are listed or traded or markets which the Issuer determines in its discretion 
to be relevant to the Index are closed.   
"Disruption Event", in respect of a Series of Notes, means any event that causes a Valuation Date 
in respect of that Series to be a Disrupted Day. 
"Disruption Redemption Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.3. 
"EEA" means the European Economic Area. 
"Eligible Authorised Participant" means any bank or financial institution (which for these purposes 
shall include any leading dealer or broker in the assets of the type referenced by the Notes) 
incorporated, domiciled and regulated in the EEA that meets the requirements of the Operating 
Procedures Agreement.  
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and any successor thereto. 
"Event of Default" has the meaning given to it in Condition 11. 
"Event of Default Redemption Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 11. 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means (i) a resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly 
convened and held in accordance with the CA Pledge Agreement by a majority of at least 75 % of 
the votes cast or (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 % 
of the aggregate number of the Notes who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting 
which written resolution shall, for all purposes, be as valid and effectual as an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of such Noteholders duly convened and held in accordance with the 
relevant provisions of the CA Pledge Agreement. 
"Fees and Expenses" means in respect of a Series of Notes, the total fees, expenses and other 
liabilities (other than the liabilities represented by the Notes) payable, and/or accrued and/or 
estimated to be payable by the Issuer in respect of such Series.  
"Final Redemption Amount" means an amount per Note calculated by the Calculation Agent as an 
amount equal to the Note Value of such Note in the Relevant Currency, less such Note’s pro rata 
share of any costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Issuer in any realisation of any Series 
Assets  of the relevant Series necessary to give effect to such redemption.  
"Final Redemption Date" means the final redemption date specified in the Final Terms, subject to 
any extension in accordance with Condition 7.2. 
"Final Redemption Settlement Date" means the day that falls three Currency Business Days after 
the Final Redemption Date. 
"Final Terms" means the final terms specifying the relevant issue details of the Notes. 
“FMA” means the Liechtenstein Financial Market Authority, which is the competent authority for 
Liechtenstein under the Prospectus Regulation. 
"Global Bearer Security" means the Notes in bearer form represented by a Global Bearer Note. 
"Global Bearer Note" means a Global Bearer Security. 
"Index" means the Index specified for the Notes in the Final Terms, or any Successor Index. 
"Index Administrator" means the Index Administrator as specified in the Final Terms of a Series of 
Notes.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
"Index Cancellation" means in respect of an Index, the Index Administrator in respect of that Index 
permanently cancels such Index and no Successor Index is designated. 
"Index Disruption" means in respect of an Index on any Valuation Date, the Index Administrator fails 
to calculate and announce such Index. 
"Index Modification" means in respect of an Index that the Index Administrator announces that it 
shall make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating that Index or in any other 
way materially modifies that Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to 
maintain that Index in the event of changes in constituent digital assets and capitalisation and other 
routine events). 
"Initial Early Redemption Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.8. 
"Issue Date" means the date of issuance of the relevant Series as specified in the Final Terms 
relating to such Series. 
"Issue Price" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the amount per Note specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"Issuer" means VanEck ETP AG, a society limited by shares incorporated under the laws of 
Liechtenstein with registration number FL-0002.640.173-8. 
"Issuer Call Redemption Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.7. 
"Issuer Redemption Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.8. 
"Issuer’s Website" means the website having the following internet address: www.vaneck.com or 
such other internet address as may be used by the Issuer and notified to Noteholders and the 
Collateral Agent in accordance with Condition 16. 
"Issuing and Paying Agent" means Quirin Privatbank AG, Bürgermeister-Smidt-Straße 76, 28195 
Bremen, Germany, and any successor or replacement thereto or any other entity appointed as 
issuing and paying agent pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
"Loss" means any loss, liability, cost, claim, damages, expense (including, but not limited to, legal 
costs and expenses) or demand (or actions in respect thereof), judgment, interest on any judgment, 
assessment, fees or amounts paid in settlement of any action or claim. 
"Mandatory Redemption" means a redemption of Notes in accordance with Condition 7.8. 
"Mandatory Redemption Amount" means an amount per Note calculated by the Calculation Agent 
as an amount equal to the Note Value of such Note, less such Note’s pro rata share of any costs and 
expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Issuer in any realisation of any Series Assets of the relevant 
Series of Notes necessary to give effect to such redemption.  
"Mandatory Redemption Date" means, in respect of a Mandatory Redemption Event, the date 
designated as such in accordance with Condition 7.8. 
"Mandatory Redemption Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.8. 
"Maximum Daily Redemption Limit" means a maximum limit (if applicable and as specified in the 
Operating Procedures Agreement) on the redemption number of Notes of a Series on any Optional 
Redemption Pricing Date, as may be amended from time to time in accordance with the terms of the 
Operating Procedures Agreement. 
"Non-Disrupted Valuation Date" means a Valuation Date which is not a "Disrupted Day". 
"Notes" means the Series of Notes to which these Conditions relates or, as the context may require, 
any or all securities issued by the Issuer under the Programme. 
"Note Value" has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
"Noteholder" and "holder" mean the bearer of any Bearer Security or the person in whose name an 
Uncertificated Registered Security is registered (as the case may be). 
"Noteholder Notice and Direction" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.8. 
"Collateral Agent" means VanEck (Europe) GmbH, with its registered office at Kreuznacher Str. 30, 
60486 Frankfurt, Germany and commercial register number HRB 85306, and any successor thereto. 
"Notice Deadline" means 12.00 p.m. (Liechtenstein time), provided that the Notice Deadline in 
respect of any Series of Notes may be adjusted by agreement between the Issuer and the Authorised 
Participants with effect from the fifth calendar day following the date on which notice of such 
adjustment is given to the holders in accordance with Condition 16. 
"Optional Redemption" means the redemption of Notes at the option of one or more Noteholders in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 7.3. 
"Optional Redemption Amount" means an amount per Note calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
an amount equal to the Note Value of such Note, less such Note’s pro rata share of any costs and 
expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Issuer in any realisation of any Series Assets of the relevant 
Series necessary to give effect to such redemption.  
 
"Optional Redemption Pricing Date" means a Valuation Date on which a Redemption Order is 
determined to be valid and accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the 
Operating Procedures Agreement. 
"Optional Redemption Settlement Date" means the first Valuation Date after the Optional 
Redemption Pricing Date which is not a Disrupted Day and is both a Currency Business Day and a 
Clearing System Business Day.   
"Outstanding" means, for the purposes of the Conditions, the CA Pledge Agreement and each other 
Series Document, in relation to the Notes and a Valuation Date, (i) on the Series Issue Date, the 
Notes issued on such date, and (ii) on any Valuation Date thereafter, all the Notes issued on or prior 
to such Valuation Date except (a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with Condition 7; 
(b) those that have been cancelled for any reason; (c) those in respect of which the date for 
redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys have been duly paid to the Issuing and Paying 
Agent and which remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of Notes; (d) those 
that have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed; (e) those which have 
been issued and which are pending settlement to an Authorised Participant but in respect of which 
the relevant Authorised Participant(s) has not paid in full the relevant subscription amount under the 
Authorised Participant Agreement; (f) those that have been purchased, settled and cancelled as 
provided in Condition 7.5; (g) those mutilated or defaced Bearer Securities that have been 
surrendered in exchange for replacement Bearer Securities; (h) (for the purpose only of determining 
how many Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those 
Bearer Securities alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement 
Notes have been issued and (i) any Global Bearer Security to the extent that it shall have been 
exchanged for one or more Definitive Securities pursuant to its provisions; provided that for the 
purposes of (1) ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the Noteholders, (2) the 
determination of how many Notes are outstanding for the purposes of the Conditions, the CA Pledge 
Agreement and any other Series Document and (3) the exercise of any discretion, power or authority 
that the Collateral Agent is required, expressly or impliedly, to exercise in or by reference to the 
interests of the Noteholders, those Notes that are beneficially held by or on behalf of the Issuer and 
not cancelled shall (unless no longer so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding. For the 
avoidance of doubt, Notes (if any) which the Issuer has agreed on or prior to such Valuation Date to 
redeem but in respect of which the Series Assets have not yet been liquidated shall be deemed to 
be "outstanding" on such Valuation Date and Notes (if any) which the Issuer has agreed on or prior 
to such Valuation Date to issue but in respect of which payment of the relevant subscription amount 
has not been received in full from the relevant Authorised Participant(s) and settlement to such 
relevant Authorised Participant(s) has not yet occurred shall not be deemed to be "outstanding" on 
such Valuation Date. 
"Paying Agent" means any entity as may be appointed from time to time as paying agent of the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 9.7, and any successor or replacement thereto.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
"Potential Event of Default" means an event or circumstance that could, with the giving of notice, 
lapse of time and/or issue of a certificate become an Event of Default. 
"Principal Amount" means, in respect of any Note, the amount in the Relevant Currency specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Proceedings" has the meaning given to it in Condition 18.2. 
“Programme Effective Date” means 19 October 2020.   
"Programme Maximum Number of Notes" means 1,000,000,000 per Series of Notes. 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (and delegated acts such as 
Commission Delegated Regulations (EU) 2019/979 and 2019/980). 
"Publication Event Redemption Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.8. 
"Publication Failure Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.8. 
“Series Assets” means in respect of a Series of Notes, the assets acquired by the Issuer with the 
proceeds of the issue of such Series of Notes in order to replicate, to the extent practicable the value 
and yield performance (before fees and expenses) of the relevant Index and any cash or rights 
received or to be received from time to time in respect of such assets. 
“Digital Assets” means in respect of a Series of Notes, any Series Assets consisting of digital assets.  
“FDI” means in respect of a Series of Notes, any Series Assets consisting of financial derivative 
instruments. 
"Record Date" means the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment.   
"Redemption Amount" means either the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption 
Amount or the Mandatory Redemption Amount. 
"Redemption Account" means, in respect of Notes, a bank account to receive payments in the 
Relevant Currency of the Optional Redemption Amount in respect of the redemption of such Notes, 
which account shall be: 
(A) 
for an Authorised Participant, the bank account notified in writing for such purposes by the 
Authorised Participant to the Issuer from time to time; and 
(B) 
otherwise, the bank account specified in the Redemption Order. 
"Redemption Order" means a Redemption Order in the form attached to the Operating Procedures 
Agreement, or such other form as may be acceptable to the Issuer in its sole discretion. 
"Redemption Limit" means the sum of the Maximum Daily Redemption Limits relating to the Notes. 
"Registered Securities" has the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
"Relevant Clearing System" means Clearstream Banking Frankfurt or any other recognised clearing 
system in which Notes of a Series may be cleared. 
"Relevant Currency" means the currency of denomination of the Notes, as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"Relevant Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10. 
"Relevant Provisions" means, in respect of the Calculation Agent, the provisions of the Calculation 
Agency Agreement, the Pledge Agreement and the Conditions. 
"Relevant Stock Exchange" means any stock exchange or regulated or unregulated market within 
the EEA or abroad on which Notes of a Series may be listed.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
"RIS" means a regulated information service for the purposes of giving information relating to the 
Notes and/or the rules of the Relevant Stock Exchange chosen by the Issuer from time to time. 
"Secondary Early Redemption Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.8. 
"Securities Act" means The United States Securities Act of 1933 as amended.  
"Series" means all Notes having the same ISIN or other similar identifier. 
“Series Account” means, in respect of a Series of Notes, an account established in name of the 
Issuer with Bank Frick & Co AG.  
"Series Document" means in relation to any Series of Notes, each of the documents relating to that 
Series including the Custody Agreement and each Authorised Participant Agreement in relation to 
such Series and "Series Documents" means all such documents. 
"Series Issue Date" means the date of issuance of a Series of Notes, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Series Party" means a party to a Series Document (other than the Issuer and Noteholders). 
"Subscription Limit" means any applicable limit on the Issuer’s ability to issue new Notes pursuant 
to the terms of the Operating Procedures Agreement, as may be amended from time to time. 
"Subscription Order" means a request from an Authorised Participant delivered to the Issuing and 
Paying Agent to issue Notes. 
"Subscription Settlement Date" means the [first] Valuation Date after the Subscription Trade Date 
which is not a Disrupted Day and is both a Currency Business Day and a Clearing System Business 
Day. 
"Subscription Suspension Event" means the delivery by the Issuer of a notice in writing to each 
Authorised Participant, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent pursuant to the 
Operating Procedures Agreement stating that with effect from the date specified in such notice 
subscription of the Notes shall be so suspended. 
"Subscription Trade Date" means, subject to Condition 8.2, a Valuation Date on which a 
Subscription Order is determined to be valid and accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance 
with the terms of the Operating Procedures Agreement. 
"Successor Index", in respect of a Series of Notes, means: 
[(A) 
if a relevant Index is not calculated and announced by the Index Administrator but is 
calculated and announced by a successor administrator (the “Successor Index 
Administrator”) acceptable to the Calculation Agent, such index; and] 
(B) 
if a relevant Index is replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation 
as used in the calculation of that Index, such replacement index. 
"TARGET2 System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) system or any successor thereto. 
"Tax" means any tax, duty, assessment, levy, charge or withholding of whatsoever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any authority including any penalty or interest payable in 
connection with any failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same. 
"Valuation Date", in respect of any Series, means each Business Day which is not a Disrupted Day.  
 
“Valuation Point” in respect of any Valuation Date, means 16.00 (Liechtenstein time) on the previous 
Business Day.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
1.2 
Interpretation 
 
All capitalised terms used but not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them 
in the CA Pledge Agreement and/or the Master Definitions Schedule. 
2. 
Form and Title 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form in a global note ("Global Bearer Notes"or in the form of 
dematerialised uncertificated registered notes which shall not be exchangeable for bearer securities 
("Uncertificated Registered Securities"), in each case in the Denomination(s) and Relevant 
Currency specified in the Final Terms. If it is stated in the Final Terms that the form of some or all of 
the Notes is "Bearer", such Notes are issued in the form of one Global Bearer Note. If it is so stated 
that the form of some or all of the Notes is "Uncertificated Registered", such Notes are Uncertificated 
Registered Securities. Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms, the form of all of the Notes of a 
particular Series on issue will be the same.  
In respect of bearer notes relating to a Series, a Global Bearer Note will be delivered on or prior to 
the original issue date to Clearstream Banking Frankfurt. 
 
3. 
Constitution and status 
Each Series of Notes is constituted when subscribed to by an Authorised Participant and issued by 
the Issuer. The Notes of each Series are secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, at all 
times ranking pari passu and without any preference among themselves, secured in the manner 
described in Condition 5 and recourse in respect of which is limited in the manner described in 
Condition 5.5 and Condition 12. 
4. 
Note Value 
The “Note Value” in respect of any Valuation Date (which is not a Disrupted Day) shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(i)  
Value of the Series Assets on the Valuation Date;  
(ii)  
net of any Fees and Expenses; 
(iii) 
divided by the number of outstanding notes; 
provided that on the Issue Date of each Series, the Note Value will be equal to the Issue Price of the 
Note. Unless otherwise specified, amounts and values for each Valuation Date shall be calculated 
as at the Valuation Point for such Valuation Date and in accordance with the provisions of, and 
valuation rules as set out in the Calculation Agency Agreement.  
5. 
Security 
5.1 
Security 
The Issuer Security in respect of the Notes shall be constituted by a pledge under the terms of the 
CA Pledge Agreement, as described below. Additional security documents may be entered into in 
respect of a particular Series if required by the Collateral Agent.  
Pursuant to the CA Pledge Agreement, the obligations of the Issuer shall be secured by a charge in 
favour of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Noteholders, on: 
(i)  
all sums held now or in the future by or on behalf of the Issuer (including, without limitation, 
by the Issuing and Paying Agent) to meet payments due in respect of the obligations and 
duties of the Issuer under the CA Pledge Agreement and the Notes and all rights and claims 
of the Issuer relating to such sums,

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
(ii)  
the Series Assets and any sums of money or other property received or receivable now or in 
the future by or on behalf of the Issuer from or in context with the Series Assets and all rights 
and claims of the Issuer with regard to the Series Assets and such sums or property,  
(iii)  
all of the Issuer’s rights and claims as against the Custodian, relating to the Notes, and  
(iv)  
all of the Issuer’s rights and claims in respect of any sum or property now or in the future 
standing to the credit of the Series Account, 
in each case, to the extent that they relate to such Series of the Notes. 
The Issuer will invest the proceeds of issue of each Series of Notes in the Series Assets, which will 
be held in accounts or wallets maintained by the Custodian on behalf of and in the name of the Issuer. 
Series Assets of a Series of Notes and any and all proceeds therefrom will be held separately from 
Series Assets and any and all proceeds therefreom of another Series of Notes and separate from the 
Issuer’s own assets.  
Security created by the CA Pledge Agreement in respect of the Notes is granted to the Collateral 
Agent as continuing security for the Noteholders. In accordance with the CA Pledge Agreement, at 
any time before the Security becomes enforceable, the Collateral Agent will release from such Issuer 
Security without the need for any notice or other formalities: 
sums held by the Issuing and Paying Agent to the extent required for payment of any sum in respect 
of the Notes and/or under the Series Documents which is due and payable to be duly made (which 
for the avoidance of doubt shall include, without limitation, amounts payable in respect of principal to 
the Noteholders in accordance with these Conditions and Optional Redemption Amounts in respect 
of the Notes payable to any Authorised Participant by the Issuer); 
any part of the Series Assets to the extent required to comply with and subject to the provisions of 
Condition 5.6. 
On any date on which a payment of any principal under these Conditions in respect of any Notes 
becomes due, the Issuer covenants to unconditionally pay to the Paying Agent in same day cleared 
funds the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount or the Mandatory Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, in respect of the Notes which are due and payable on that date. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions or the CA Pledge Agreement, (1) 
payment of principal due under the Notes pursuant to the Conditions made to the Issuing and Paying 
Agent as provided in the Agency Agreement shall, to that extent, satisfy the Issuer’s obligation to 
make payments of principal in respect of the Notes to the Noteholders except to the extent that there 
is failure by the Issuing and Paying Agent to pass such payment to the relevant Noteholders (whether 
via payment through the Relevant Clearing System or otherwise) and (2) a payment of principal made 
after the due date or as a result of the Notes becoming repayable following an Event of Default or the 
occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event shall be deemed to have been made when the full 
amount due has been received by the Issuing and Paying Agent and notice to such effect has been 
given to the Noteholders, except to the extent that there is failure by the Issuing and Paying Agent to 
pass such payment to the relevant Noteholders (whether via payment through the Relevant Clearing 
System or otherwise).  
Proceeds of liquidation of the Series Assets will be applied by the Issuer: 
first, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by or 
payable to the Collateral Agent under or pursuant to the CA Pledge Agreement (including, without 
limitation, any Taxes (other than any income, corporation or similar tax in respect of the Collateral 
Agent’s remuneration) required to be paid by the Collateral Agent in connection with the performance 
of its obligations under the CA Pledge Agreement and the Collateral Agent’s remuneration); 
secondly, in payment of any amounts owing to the holders of Notes pari passu and rateably; and 
thirdly, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
5.2 
Enforcement of Issuer Security constituted by the CA Pledge Agreement  
The Issuer Security constituted by the CA Pledge Agreement in respect of the Notes shall become 
enforceable upon the occurrence of an Event of Default pursuant to Condition 11 below. 
5.3 
Realisation of Issuer Security constituted by the CA Pledge Agreement 
At any time after the Issuer Security constituted by the CA Pledge Agreement has become 
enforceable, the Collateral Agent may, at its discretion, and shall, if so directed in writing by holders 
of at least a majority of the Notes then outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders (a copy of which has been provided to the Collateral Agent), in each case subject to its 
having been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction by the Noteholders in 
accordance with the CA Pledge Agreement, enforce the Issuer Security constituted by the CA Pledge 
Agreement. 
To do this, the Collateral Agent may, at its discretion, (i) enforce and/or terminate any relevant Series 
Document relating to the Notes in accordance with its or their terms, and/or take action against the 
relevant counterparty and/or (ii) take possession of and/or realise all or part of the assets over which 
the Issuer Security constituted by the CA Pledge Agreement shall have become enforceable and 
may in its discretion, sell, call in, collect and convert into money all or part of such assets, in such 
manner, at such time and on such terms as it thinks fit, in each case without any liability as to the 
consequence of such action and without having regard to the effect of such action on individual 
Noteholders. 
The Collateral Agent shall not be required to take any action in relation to the Issuer Security 
constituted by the CA Pledge Agreement which may (i) be illegal or contrary to any applicable law or 
regulation or (ii) cause it to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any liability (including any 
personal liability) in the performance of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights, powers and 
discretions, without first being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
5.4 
Application of proceeds of enforcement of Issuer Security 
Pursuant to the terms of the CA Pledge Agreement, following enforcement of the Issuer Security the 
Collateral Agent will apply the proceeds derived from the realisation of the assets that are the subject 
of the Issuer Security constituted by the CA Pledge Agreement (whether by way of liquidation or 
enforcement and after taking account of any Taxes incurred, withheld or deducted by or on behalf of 
the Issuer) as follows: 
first, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and other amounts 
properly incurred by or payable in respect of the Notes to the Collateral Agent under or pursuant to 
the CA Pledge Agreement (which shall include, without limitation, any Taxes required to be paid by 
the Collateral Agent (other than any income, corporation or similar Tax in respect of the Collateral 
Agent’s remuneration), the costs of enforcing or realising all or some of the Issuer Security constituted 
by the CA Pledge Agreement and the Collateral Agent’s remuneration); 
second, to the payment of any other outstanding Fees and Expenses of the Issuer which are 
attributable to the Notes; 
third, in payment of any amounts owing to the Noteholders pari passu and rateably; and 
fourth, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself. 
5.5 
Shortfall after application of proceeds; Limited recourse and non-petition 
In respect of any claim against the Issuer in relation to the Notes, the Series Parties and the 
Noteholders shall have recourse only to the Series Assets in respect of such Notes, subject always 
to the Security, and not to any other assets of the Issuer. If, following realisation in full of the Series 
Assets (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) and application of available cash sums as 
provided in this Condition 5 and the CA Pledge Agreement, as applicable, any outstanding claim 
against the Issuer, whether secured or unsecured, remains unpaid, then such outstanding claim shall 
be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. Following the 
extinguishment of any such claim, none of the Series Parties, the Noteholders or any other person 
acting on behalf of any of them shall be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer or any of 
its officers, shareholders, corporate service providers or directors to recover any further sum in

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
respect of the extinguished claim and no debt shall be owed to any such persons by the Issuer in 
respect of such further sum.  
None of the Series Parties or the Noteholders or any person acting on behalf of any of them may, at 
any time and with prospect of success, bring, institute or join with any other person in bringing, 
instituting or joining insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up or any other similar 
proceedings (whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its assets, as none 
of them shall have any claim arising with respect to the sums, assets and/or property attributable to 
any other securities issued by the Issuer (save for any further securities which form a single Series 
with the Notes). 
The provisions of this Condition 5.5 shall survive notwithstanding any redemption of the Notes or the 
termination or expiration of any Series Document. 
5.6 
Issuer’s rights as owner of the Series Assets 
At any time before the Issuer Security constituted by the CA Pledge Agreement becomes enforceable, 
the Issuer may: 
(A) 
take such action in relation to the Series Assets relating to the Notes as may be required by 
the Series Documents; and 
(B) 
exercise any rights incidental to the ownership of the assets which are the subject of the 
Issuer Security constituted by the CA Pledge Agreement which are exercisable by the Issuer 
and, in particular (but, without limitation, and without responsibility for their exercise), any 
voting rights in respect of such property and all rights to enforce any such ownership interests 
in respect of such property, 
and the Collateral Agent will allow such actions and exercise of rights if and as long as it considers 
these to be in the best interest of the Noteholders. 
 
6. 
Restrictions 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer shall not, without the prior written consent 
of the Collateral Agent: 
(A) 
engage in any business activities except for the following: 
(1) 
issue, enter into, amend, redeem, exchange or repurchase and cancel or reissue or 
resell all or some of the Notes of any Series under the Programme as may be provided 
in these Conditions and the Series Documents and in connection therewith enter into 
or amend any Series Documents accordingly; 
(2) 
acquire and own rights, property or other assets which are to comprise Series Assets 
for a Series of Notes issued under the Programme so as to enable it to discharge its 
obligations under such Series, and any relevant Series Document relating to such 
Series; 
(3) 
perform its respective obligations under any Notes issued under the Programme, and 
any relevant Series Document entered into by it in connection with such Series, and 
any agreements incidental to the granting of Issuer Security relating to any such Series 
of Notes or incidental to the issue and constitution of any Series of Notes issued under 
the Programme; 
(4) 
engage in any activity in relation to the Series Assets contemplated or permitted by 
the Conditions or such Series Document relating to any Series of Notes; 
(5) 
subject as provided in the CA Pledge Agreement and in the Conditions relating to any 
Series of Notes enforce any of its rights whether under the CA Pledge Agreement, any 
other Series Document or otherwise under any agreement entered into in relation to 
any Series of Notes or any Series Assets relating to any such Series; and

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
(6) 
perform any other act incidental to or necessary in connection with any of the above 
(which shall include, without limitation, the appointment of auditors and any other 
administrative or management functions necessary to maintain the Issuer and/or to 
keep it operating and/or to comply with any laws, regulations or rules applicable to it); 
(B) 
cause or permit the CA Pledge Agreement or the terms of the Issuer Security granted under 
the CA Pledge Agreement and the order of priority specified in the Conditions or the CA 
Pledge Agreement, as applicable, to be amended, terminated or discharged (other than as 
contemplated by the CA Pledge Agreement and/or the Conditions relating to such Series of 
Notes); 
(C) 
release any party to the CA Pledge Agreement or any other relevant Series Document 
relating to a Series of Notes from any existing obligations thereunder (other than as 
contemplated by the CA Pledge Agreement and/or the Conditions relating to such Series of 
Notes); 
(D) 
have any subsidiaries; 
(E) 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any assets or rights that are the subject of the Issuer 
Security constituted by the CA Pledge Agreement or any other part of the Series Assets in 
respect of any Series of Notes or any right or interest therein or thereto or create or allow to 
exist any charge, lien or other encumbrance over such Series Assets (to the extent it relates 
to the Issuer) except in accordance with the Conditions of the relevant Notes of any such 
Series, the relevant Agency Agreement, the CA Pledge Agreement and any other Series 
Document relating to any such Series as may be applicable; 
(F) 
consent to any variation of, or exercise any powers or consent or waiver pursuant to, the 
Conditions, the CA Pledge Agreement or any other Series Document relating to any Series 
of Notes (other than as contemplated or permitted by the Conditions and the relevant Series 
Documents); 
(G) 
consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets 
substantially as an entirety to any person (other than as contemplated by the CA Pledge 
Agreement and the Conditions for any Series of Notes); 
(H) 
have any employees (provided this shall not prevent the appointment of the directors); 
(I) 
issue any shares (other than such shares in the capital of the Issuer as were issued at the 
time of its incorporation) or make any distribution to its shareholders; 
(J) 
declare any dividends; 
(K) 
open or have any interest in any account with a bank or financial institution unless such 
account (i) relates to a Series of Notes or any Series Assets relating to a Series of Notes or 
any party thereto and the Issuer’s interest in such account is simultaneously charged in 
favour of the Collateral Agent so as to form part of the relevant Series Assets relating to such 
Series of Notes, or (ii) is opened in connection with the administration and management of 
the Issuer and only moneys necessary for that purpose are credited to it; 
(L) 
purchase, own, or otherwise acquire any real property (including office premises or like 
facilities); 
(M) 
guarantee, act as surety for or become obligated for the debts of any other entity or person 
or enter into any agreement with any other entity or person whereby it agrees to satisfy the 
obligations of such entity or person or any other entity or person; 
(N) 
acquire any securities or shareholdings whatsoever from its shareholders or enter into any 
agreements whereby it would be acquiring the obligations and/or liabilities of its shareholders; 
(O) 
except as contemplated by the Series Document, the Conditions relating to a Series of Notes, 
advance or lend any of its moneys or assets, including, but not limited to, the rights, property 
or other assets comprising the Series Assets for any such Series of Notes, to any other entity 
or person;

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
(P) 
subject as provided in paragraph (A) above, incur any other indebtedness for borrowed 
moneys, other than (subject to Conditions 5 and 15) issuing further Notes under the 
Programme (which may or may not form a single Series with the Notes of any Series and 
may or may not be guaranteed by a third party) and creating or incurring further obligations 
relating to such Notes, provided that: 
(1) 
if such further Notes are not to form a single Series with any other Series of Notes, 
such further Notes and obligations are secured by assets of the Issuer other than (i) 
the assets which are the subject of the Issuer Security constituted by the CA Pledge 
Agreement relating to any other Series of Notes and (ii) the Issuer’s share capital; and  
(2) 
such further Notes and obligations are secured pari passu upon the assets which are 
the subject of the Issuer Security constituted by the CA Pledge Agreement relating to 
the Series of Notes with which such Notes are to form a single Series;  
provided that the Issuer shall not take any action (even where the prior written consent of the 
Collateral Agent is obtained) if such action is inconsistent with the objects of the Issuer as 
specified in its memorandum and articles of association. 
 
7. 
Redemption 
7.1 
Final redemption 
 
Unless previously redeemed in whole as provided below, each Note shall become due and payable 
on its Final Redemption Settlement Date at its Final Redemption Amount in the Relevant Currency. 
To the extent that the Final Redemption Amount:  
(A) 
exceeds the Principal Amount any such excess shall constitute interest in respect of such 
Note; and  
(B) 
is less than the Principal Amount, the deficit shall be extinguished in accordance with 
Condition 5.5 . 
7.2 
Extension of the Final Redemption Date  
 
The Issuer may by notice to the Noteholders delivered in accordance with Condition 16, extend the 
Final Redemption Date to a date falling not more than 10 years following the then current Final 
Redemption Date. Any notice pursuant to this Condition 7.2 shall be provided to the Noteholders at 
least one month in advance of the then current Final Redemption Date. There is no limit to the number 
of times the Issuer may exercise the option to extend the Final Redemption Date as provided for 
under this Condition 7.2.  
7.3 
Optional Redemption  
(A) 
A Noteholder which is also an Authorised Participant may (subject as provided herein) on 
any Valuation Date require the Issuer to redeem all or part of its holding of Notes at the 
Optional Redemption Amount in the Relevant Currency by submitting to the Issuer a valid 
Redemption Order in accordance with the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement and 
the Operating Procedures Agreement. 
(B) 
A Noteholder which is not also an Authorised Participant may (subject as provided herein) 
on any Valuation Date require the Issuer to redeem all or any part of its holding of such Notes 
at the Optional Redemption Amount in the Relevant Currency by submitting to the Issuer a 
valid Redemption Order only if the Issuer has notified the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 in respect of any Valuation Date that redemption requests from Noteholders 
which are not Authorised Participants will be permitted and no later notice to the contrary has 
yet been delivered. Any such announcement may be general or subject to conditions, and 
any such Redemption Order which is not in accordance with any such conditions shall not 
be valid.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
(C) 
Any Note that is subject to Optional Redemption in accordance with this Condition 7.3 as a 
result of the delivery of a Redemption Order, shall become due and payable in the Relevant 
Currency on the relevant Optional Redemption Settlement Date at its Optional Redemption 
Amount. To the extent that the Optional Redemption Amount:  
(1) 
exceeds the Principal Amount any such excess shall constitute interest in respect of 
such Note; and  
(2) 
is less than the Principal Amount, the deficit shall be extinguished in accordance with 
Condition 5.5.  
7.4 
Redemption Orders  
(A) 
A Redemption Order shall only be valid if: 
(1) 
other than in the limited circumstances set out in Condition 7.3(B), it is delivered by 
a Noteholder that is an Authorised Participant; 
(2) 
it specifies the number and Series of any Notes to be redeemed; 
(3) 
it specifies the Redemption Account into which the Optional Redemption Amount 
shall be payable in respect of any Note to be redeemed; 
(4) 
the number of Notes to be redeemed would not result in any Maximum Daily 
Redemption Limit, or any other applicable limitation on redemption under the 
Operating Procedures Agreement, being exceeded (for the purposes of which, 
Redemption Orders shall be dealt with in order of their actual receipt by the Issuer); 
(5) 
the Redemption Order is received or deemed to have been received before the 
occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event; 
(6) 
on the day it is received (or deemed to have been received by the Issuer) until the 
Optional Redemption Pricing Date (if different) none of the following events has 
occurred and is continuing: 
an Event of Default; or 
an Adjustment Event. 
(7) 
such Redemption Order is submitted by an Authorised Participant on any day and 
no other Redemption Order has been submitted by that Authorised Participant on or 
in respect of such day in respect of the same Series, unless the Issuer otherwise 
agrees in its absolute discretion. 
(B) 
If the Issuer determines that a Redemption Order is invalid in whole or in part, it shall notify 
the Noteholder of that fact as soon as reasonably practicable and no Notes may be redeemed 
pursuant to a Redemption Order that the Issuer has determined in its absolute discretion is 
invalid. 
(C) 
Where a Redemption Order is received by the Issuer on a Valuation Date after the Notice 
Deadline, such Redemption Order shall be treated as having been submitted in respect of 
the immediately following Valuation Date.  
(D) 
Within one Business Day after the Optional Redemption Pricing Date in respect of any 
Redemption Order, the Issuer shall notify the relevant Noteholder of the Optional Redemption 
Amount payable in respect of Notes which are the subject of that Redemption Order, 
calculated as provided above. 
(E) 
The Issuer may change or vary the procedures for the submission of Redemption Orders on 
five calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 and these 
Conditions shall be interpreted accordingly.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
7.5 
Settlement of Optional Redemptions 
The Issuer may at its discretion elect to satisfy requests for the Optional Redemption of Notes by 
transfer of the appropriate number of Notes to one or more Authorised Participants from Noteholders 
requesting redemption, and for that purpose the Issuer may authorise any person on behalf of the 
Noteholder to execute one or more instruments of transfer in respect of the relevant number of Notes 
provided that the amount payable to the Noteholder shall nonetheless be an amount equal to the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount and the relevant Optional Redemption Settlement Date shall 
be the date of such transfer. 
7.6 
Suspension of Optional Redemptions 
(A) 
If the Issuer, in its absolute discretion, determines that due to adverse conditions in the 
markets on which the Series Assets are traded (“Adverse Market Conditions”), it would 
adversely affect the interests of the Issuer or the remaining Noteholders to continue to permit 
redemptions, the Issuer may at any time and from time to time while such Adverse Market 
Conditions are continuing suspend the right to request redemption of the Notes pursuant to 
Condition 7.4. 
 
Subject as provided in this Condition 7.6, the Issuer may at its discretion terminate any such 
suspension at any time. 
The following provisions shall apply where Optional Redemptions have been suspended: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall give notice of any such suspension and of the termination of any such 
suspension to the Series Parties and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, but the failure to give any such notice shall not prevent the 
exercise of such discretions; 
(ii) 
any such suspension may continue for a period of up to 60 calendar days, and may continue 
thereafter at the discretion of the Issuer for so long as the Adverse Market Conditions are 
continuing; and 
(iii) 
any suspension shall not affect any Optional Redemption pursuant to a Redemption Order, 
the Optional Redemption Pricing Date for which had passed before the suspension 
commenced, but any Redemption Order in respect of Notes submitted or deemed to be 
received on a Valuation Date when the right to request redemption of the Notes pursuant to 
Condition 7.2 is suspended pursuant to this Condition 7.6 shall be invalid and the Issuer shall 
notify Noteholders who have submitted Redemption Orders which are invalid that such 
Redemption Orders must be resubmitted following the termination of the suspension period.  
7.7 
Issuer Call Redemption Event 
 
The Issuer may, on giving an irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16, 
elect to redeem all or some of the Notes and designate a Mandatory Redemption Date for such 
purposes, provided that the date designated as the Mandatory Redemption Date shall not be earlier 
than the thirtieth calendar day following the date of the relevant notice (such notice an "Issuer Call 
Redemption Notice"). In the event that only some of the outstanding Notes are called for redemption 
pursuant to an Issuer Call Redemption Notice, a pro rata portion of each Noteholder’s Notes shall be 
subject to such redemption. 
For the purposes of Condition 7.8, a Mandatory Redemption Event in the form of an "Issuer Call 
Redemption Event" will occur on the Mandatory Redemption Date designated in the Issuer Call 
Redemption Notice (or if such day is not a Valuation Date on the first following Valuation Date). The 
Issuer shall give a copy of the Issuer Call Redemption Notice to each of the Series Parties on the 
same date as such notice is given to the Noteholders.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
7.8 
Mandatory Redemption Events 
 
Each of the following events shall be a mandatory redemption event in respect of the Notes (each a 
"Mandatory Redemption Event"): 
(A) 
Disruption Redemption Event: the occurrence of a Disruption Redemption Event. For the 
purposes of Condition 7.7, a Mandatory Redemption Date will occur on the fifth Business 
Day after the date of the notice from the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 8.3(C); 
(B) 
Termination of appointment of Agent or Authorised Participants: any of the Calculation Agent, 
the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Custodian and/or all of the Authorised Participants in 
relation to the Notes resign their appointment or their appointment is terminated for any 
reason and no successor or replacement has been appointed at the time that such 
resignation or termination takes effect in accordance with the applicable Series Document, 
and the Issuer gives notice (an "Agent Redemption Event Notice") to the Series Parties 
and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. For the purposes of Condition 7.7, a 
Mandatory Redemption Date will occur on the fifth Business Day after the date of the Agent 
Redemption Event Notice; 
(C) 
Publication failure: if the Note Value in respect of the Notes has not been published by or on 
behalf of the Issuer for 14 consecutive Non-Disrupted Valuation Dates (a "Publication 
Failure Event") and the Collateral Agent is notified in writing of such Publication Failure 
Event and directed in writing by holders of at least a majority of the Notes then outstanding 
(a "Noteholder Notice and Direction") to give a notice under this Condition 7.8(C) to the 
Issuer, the Collateral Agent will, provided that the Collateral Agent has been pre-funded 
and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction, give such notice (a "Publication Event 
Redemption Notice") to the Issuer, copied to each of the Series Parties. Any such 
Noteholder Notice and Direction must be substantially in the form set out in the Agency 
Agreement which is available from the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the Collateral Agent. 
For the purposes of Condition 7.7, a Mandatory Redemption Date will occur on the fifth 
Business Day following the date of the Publication Event Redemption Notice. The Collateral 
Agent shall not be responsible for or liable to the Issuer, any Noteholder or any Series Party 
for investigating, verifying, determining or monitoring whether a Publication Failure Event has 
occurred or exists and, unless and until the Collateral Agent receives a Noteholder Notice 
and Direction, the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to assume that no such event has 
occurred; 
(D) 
Change in law or regulation: on or after the Series Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or 
any change in any applicable law, regulation, rule, order, ruling or procedure (including, 
without limitation, any tax law and any regulation, rule, order, ruling or procedure of any 
applicable regulatory authority, tax authority and/or any exchange) or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory 
authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action 
taken by a taxing authority): 
(1) 
it has (or the Issuer reasonably expects that it will) become illegal for the Issuer to (x) 
hold, acquire or dispose of all of the types of Series Asset, and/or (y) perform its 
obligations under the Notes;  
(2) 
the Issuer would (or would expect to) incur materially increased costs in performing its 
obligations under the Notes (including, without limitation, any increase in any 
applicable Taxes, any decrease in any applicable tax benefit and/or any other costs or 
liability to Tax of the Issuer relating to any change in any applicable tax law or 
regulation), 
the Issuer may give notice to the Series Parties and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 that the Notes are to be redeemed and designate a Mandatory Redemption 
Date for such purposes, provided that the date designated as the Mandatory Redemption 
Date shall not be earlier than the fifth Business Day following the date of the relevant notice 
(such notice an "Issuer Redemption Notice");

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
(E) 
Issuer Call Redemption Event: an Issuer Call Redemption Event occurs pursuant to 
Condition 7. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions or any Series Document, if at any time 
following the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event (the "Initial Early Redemption Event") 
an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to a Mandatory Redemption 
Event occurs (the "Secondary Early Redemption Event") in respect of which the Mandatory 
Redemption Date relating thereto occurs (or would occur) prior to the date that would have been the 
Mandatory Redemption Date in respect of the Initial Early Redemption Event, the Secondary Early 
Redemption Event shall prevail and all references to the "Mandatory Redemption Event" in the 
Conditions and the Series Documents shall be construed accordingly. 
7.9 
Mandatory Redemption Amount 
 
If any of the Mandatory Redemption Events listed in Condition 7.8 occurs, each Note shall become 
due and payable in the Relevant Currency on the related Mandatory Redemption Settlement Date at 
its Mandatory Redemption Amount. To the extent that the Mandatory Redemption Amount:  
(A) 
exceeds the Principal Amount any such excess shall constitute interest in respect of such 
Note; and  
(B) 
is less than the Principal Amount, the deficit shall be extinguished in accordance with 
Condition 5.5. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of the Mandatory Redemption Date and the Mandatory 
Redemption Settlement Date of the Notes as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance with 
Condition 16. 
 
8. 
Disruption Events, Adjustments Events and postponement 
8.1 
Disruption Events and determination of the Note Value 
 
If a Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(A) 
the calculation and publication of the Note Value in respect of such Valuation Date will be 
postponed to the next following Valuation Date that is not a Disrupted Day; and 
(B) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable efforts, to the extent that all required information is available 
to it, to publish an indicative price in respect of each Note on the Issuer’s Website, solely for 
information purposes. 
8.2 
Postponement of settlement of subscriptions and Optional Redemptions  
(A) 
If a Subscription Order or a Redemption Order (which is determined to be valid in accordance 
with the terms of the Operating Procedures Agreement) is received by the Issuer on a 
Valuation Date which is a Disrupted Day, then such Subscription Order or Redemption Order 
shall be deemed to have been received by the Issuer on the first following Valuation Date 
which is not a Disrupted Day. No additional amount shall be payable to any Authorised 
Participant (or any Noteholder acquiring Notes from, or selling Notes to, an Authorised 
Participant) in connection with the postponement of the Subscription Settlement Date or 
Optional Redemption Settlement Date, as applicable. 
(B) 
A Subscription Order delivered by an Authorised Participant which has been deferred in 
accordance with Condition 8.1 (A) may be withdrawn by that Authorised Participant in 
accordance with the terms of the Operating Procedures Agreement. 
8.3 
Adjustments 
(A) 
If an Adjustment Event has occurred, the Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
determine in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner whether in its opinion it is

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
appropriate to make one or more adjustments to the terms of the Conditions of the Notes to 
account for the economic effect on the Notes of the relevant Adjustment Event. 
(B) 
If the Issuer determines that it is appropriate to make such adjustments referred to in (A) 
above, it will, as soon as reasonably practicable, determine in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner the nature and effective date of such adjustment(s), and 
notify the Series Parties and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders of the 
occurrence of such Adjustment Event and the details of such adjustments to the Conditions 
as soon as reasonably practicable upon making such determinations. 
With effect from the effective date of any such adjustment, the Issuer and the Series Parties 
shall take into account the relevant adjustment(s) so notified to it when making any 
determination and/or calculation it is required to make under the Conditions and the terms of 
the relevant Series Documents, as appropriate, and the Conditions of the Notes and the 
terms of the Series Documents shall be construed accordingly. Neither the consent of the 
Collateral Agent nor the consent of the Noteholders will be required for any such adjustment 
to the Conditions of the Notes, provided that no such adjustment or amendment may be 
made which would, in the Collateral Agent’s opinion, impose more onerous obligations on 
the Collateral Agent without its consent. 
(C) 
If the Issuer determines that it is not appropriate to make such adjustments referred to in (A) 
above, the Issuer will notify the Series Parties and, in accordance with Condition 16, the 
Noteholders that the Notes will be redeemed and, for the purposes of Condition 7.8, a 
Mandatory Redemption Event in the form of a "Disruption Redemption Event" will occur. 
 
9. 
Payments, calculations, Agents and records 
9.1 
Payments net of Taxes 
All payments in respect of the Notes shall be made net of and after allowance for any withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes. In the event that any withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any Tax applies to payments in respect of the Notes, the Noteholders will be subject to, 
and shall not be entitled to receive amounts to compensate for, any such Tax or deduction or any 
other amounts withheld or deducted pursuant to Condition 9.3. No Event of Default shall occur as a 
result of any such withholding or deduction.  
9.2 
Payments 
(A) 
For as long as the Notes are represented by a Global Bearer Notedeposited with a central 
depositoryon behalf of the Relevant Clearing System, the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Conditions to make payments in respect of the Notes will be discharged by payment to, or to 
the order of, the holder of the Global Bearer Note, subject to and in accordance with the 
terms of such Global Bearer Note. Each of the persons shown in the records of the Relevant 
Clearing System as owning Notes represented by such Global Bearer Notemust look solely 
to the Relevant Clearing System for his share of any payment made by the Issuer to or to the 
order of the holder of the Global Bearer Note. Payments made to any person shown in the 
records of the Relevant Clearing System as owning any Note represented by the Global 
Bearer Noteshall be subject to and made in accordance with the rules of the Relevant 
Clearing System. 
(B) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for so long as the Notes are represented by a Global Bearer 
Note, if any amount payable in respect of such Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. 
dollar payments shall be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the U.S. if: 
(1) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the U.S. with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in 
U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the U.S. of the full amount due in respect 
of the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(2) 
payment of the full amount due at all such specified offices outside the U.S. is illegal 
or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full 
payment or receipt of the amount due in U.S. dollars; and

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
(3) 
such payment is then permitted under U.S. law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
9.3 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9.1 and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto (in each case without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9.1). No commission 
or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
9.4 
Calculations 
(A) 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable on such date and/or at such 
time as the Calculation Agent is required in accordance with the Calculation Agency 
Agreement and the Conditions and any other Relevant Provisions, perform such duties and 
obligations as are required to be performed by it in accordance therewith. 
(B) 
The calculation by the Calculation Agent of any amount, price, rate or value required to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent under the Relevant Provisions shall be made in good 
faith and shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the 
Noteholders and the Series Parties. 
9.5 
Calculation by Collateral Agent 
If at any time after the Issuer Security has become enforceable pursuant to Condition 5.2 and the 
Calculation Agent does not make any calculation relating to the Note Value, Final Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Mandatory Redemption Amount when required pursuant 
to the Conditions and the Series Documents, then the Collateral Agent may appoint an agent on its 
behalf to make any calculation in place of the Calculation Agent provided that the Collateral Agent 
shall have been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction by one or more 
Noteholders in accordance with the CA Pledge Agreement. Any such calculation made on behalf of 
the Collateral Agent shall for the purposes of the Conditions and the Series Documents be deemed 
to have been made by the Calculation Agent. In doing so, the appointed agent shall apply the 
provisions of the Conditions and/or the relevant Series Document(s), with any necessary 
consequential amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, and in all other respects it 
shall do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in the circumstances. In the absence 
of fraud, negligence and wilful default, the Collateral Agent directly or its agent shall not be liable 
(whether directly or indirectly, in contract, in tort or otherwise) to the Issuer, the Noteholders or any 
Series Party for any calculation (or any delay in making any calculation) so made. 
9.6 
Calculation Agent 
(A) 
Subject as provided in the Conditions and the Calculation Agency Agreement, the Issuer 
shall use all reasonable efforts to procure that there shall at all times be a Calculation Agent 
for so long as any of the Notes are outstanding. If the Calculation Agent resigns or its 
appointment is terminated for any reason, the Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to 
appoint a reputable entity that provides services of a similar type to those required of the 
Calculation Agent under the Relevant Provisions or a leading bank or investment banking 
firm that the Issuer reasonably determines is capable of making the calculation(s) required 
to be made by the Calculation Agent under the Relevant Provisions to act as such in its place. 
(B) 
The Calculation Agent shall not be liable (whether directly or indirectly, in contract, in tort or 
otherwise) to the Issuer, any Noteholder, any other Series Party or any other person for any 
Loss incurred by any such person that arises out of or in connection with the performance by 
the Calculation Agent of its obligations under the Calculation Agency Agreement, the 
Conditions and the other Relevant Provisions provided that nothing shall relieve the 
Calculation Agent from any Loss arising by reason of acts or omissions constituting bad faith, 
fraud or gross negligence of the Calculation Agent (any such act or omission, a "Calculation 
Agent Breach").

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
(1) 
If the Calculation Agent would, but for the operation of this Condition 9.6(B)(1), be held 
liable for any Loss arising as the result of a Calculation Agent Breach, the Calculation 
Agent shall nevertheless incur no liability to the Issuer, any Noteholder, any other 
Series Party or any other person if such Calculation Agent Breach results solely and 
directly from either (i) the failure by any other Series Party to provide any notice, 
instruction or direction which such Series Party is required or permitted to give under 
the Conditions or any relevant Series Document or (ii) a delay in the delivery by any 
other Series Party of any notice, instruction or direction which such Series Party is 
required or permitted to give to the Calculation Agent under the Conditions or any 
relevant Series Document. 
(2) 
If the Calculation Agent would, but for the operation of this Condition 9.6(B)(2), be held 
liable for any Loss arising as the result of a Calculation Agent Breach, the Calculation 
Agent shall nevertheless incur no liability to the Issuer, any Noteholder, any other 
Series Party or any other person if such Calculation Agent Breach results solely and 
directly from the reliance by the Calculation Agent upon a rate, amount, quotation, 
value or other calculation or determination notified to the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to the Conditions and/or any relevant Series Document which is made by another 
Series Party in accordance with the Conditions and the terms of any relevant Series 
Document. 
(C) 
The Calculation Agent has no obligation towards or relationship of agency or trust with any 
Noteholder. 
(D) 
The Calculation Agent has no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in 
the Conditions, the Calculation Agency Agreement and the other Relevant Provisions and no 
implied or inferred duties or obligations of any kind will be read into the Calculation Agency 
Agreement against or on the part of the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will not, 
and will not be deemed to, assume or be liable for the obligations or duties of the Issuer or 
any other person under the Conditions, the CA Pledge Agreement or any other Series 
Document unless otherwise agreed pursuant to the Relevant Provisions. 
9.7 
Appointment of Agents 
 
Save as provided below, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer. The Agents do not assume 
any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder. The Issuer reserves the 
right at any time in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and / or the Calculation 
Agency Agreement, as applicable, to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, any other Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying 
Agents or Calculation Agents. Without prejudice to the provisions for the automatic termination of the 
appointment of an Agent in connection with the occurrence of an insolvency or similar event or 
proceedings in the relevant Series Documents, the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to at all 
times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) a Calculation Agent and (iii) such other agents as 
may be required by any stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. Notice of any change of 
Agent or any change to the specified office of an Agent shall promptly be given to the Noteholders 
by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 16.  
Pursuant to the terms of the CA Pledge Agreement, at any time after an Event of Default or a Potential 
Event of Default has occurred in relation to the Notes, the Collateral Agent may (i) by notice in writing 
to the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent and any other Paying Agents and/or the Calculation 
Agent, require any and all of such Agents, until notified by the Collateral Agent to the contrary, so far 
as permitted by applicable law to (a) act as agent of the Collateral Agent under the CA Pledge 
Agreement and the Notes mutatis mutandis on the terms of the Agency Agreement (with 
consequential amendments as necessary) and except that the Collateral Agent’s liability for the 
indemnification, remuneration and all other expenses of such Agents (if any) shall be limited to the 
amounts for the time being held by the Collateral Agent in respect of the Notes on the terms of the 
CA Pledge Agreement and which are available (after application in accordance with the relevant 
order of priority set out in Condition 5.4) to discharge such liability); or (b) deliver the Notes and all 
moneys, documents and records held by them in respect of the Notes to or to the order of the 
Collateral Agent or as the Collateral Agent directs in such notice, and (ii) by notice in writing to the 
Issuer require it to make all subsequent payments in respect of the Notes to or to the order of the

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
Collateral Agent and not to the Issuing and Paying Agent with effect from the receipt of any such 
notice by the Issuer; and from then until such notice is withdrawn, provison (1) of Condition 0 shall 
cease to have effect. 
9.8 
Business day conventions  
(A) 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not both a Clearing System Business Day 
and a Currency Business Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next 
following day which is both a Clearing System Business Day and a Currency Business Day 
or to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
(B) 
If any date referred to in the Conditions would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Valuation 
Date, then such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Valuation Date. 
9.9 
Records 
 
For so long as the Notes are represented by a Global Bearer Note, the records of the Relevant 
Clearing Systems (which expression in this Condition 9.9 means the records that each Relevant 
Clearing System holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customers’ interests in the 
Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the number of the Notes represented by the Global Bearer 
Note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by the Relevant Clearing System (which statement 
shall be made available to the bearer upon request) stating the number of Notes represented by the 
Global Bearer Note at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the Relevant Clearing 
System at that time. 
 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment under the Conditions in respect of the Notes shall be 
prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years from the date on which the payment of 
principal in respect of the Notes first became due or (if any amount of the money payable was 
improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding was 
made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders 
that, upon further presentation of the Note being made in accordance with the Conditions, such 
payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation (such date the 
"Relevant Date") save that if the Notes are in global bearer form claims in respect of principal in 
respect of the relevant Global Bearer Security shall become void unless the Global Bearer Security 
is presented for payment within a period of 10 years from the appropriate Relevant Date. 
11. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an "Event of Default") occurs, the Collateral Agent at its 
discretion may or will, if so directed in writing by holders of a majority of the Notes then outstanding 
or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution, a copy of which has been provided to the Collateral 
Agent (provided that in each case the Collateral Agent shall have been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction by one or more Noteholders in accordance with the CA Pledge 
Agreement), give notice to the Issuer (copied to each Series Party) (such notice an "Event of Default 
Redemption Notice") that the Notes are, and they shall immediately become, due and payable at 
their Final Redemption Amount: 
(A) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of any sum due in respect of the Notes or any of them for 
a period of 14 calendar days or more; 
(B) 
the Notes, the CA Pledge Agreement or any other Series Document, which default is 
incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Collateral Agent capable of remedy, is not 
remedied within 30 calendar days (or such longer period as the Collateral Agent may permit) 
after notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer by the Collateral Agent (and, 
for these purposes, a failure to perform or comply with an obligation shall be deemed to be 
remediable notwithstanding that the failure results from not doing an act or thing by a 
particular time);

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
(C) 
any order shall be made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the winding-up 
or dissolution of the Issuer, save for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, consolidation, 
reorganisation or other similar arrangement on terms previously approved in writing by the 
Collateral Agent or by an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(D) 
a special audit is ordered in respect of the Issuer. 
 
The Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of any Event of Default Redemption 
Notice, give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 and to the Authorised 
Participant(s). 
The Issuer has undertaken in the CA Pledge Agreement that, on each anniversary of the issue date 
of the first Series of Notes issued under the Programme and also within 14 calendar days after any 
request by the Collateral Agent, it will send to the Collateral Agent a certificate signed by a Director 
of the Issuer to the effect that, as at a date not more than five calendar days prior to the date of the 
certificate, no Event of Default, or event or circumstance that could with the giving of notice, lapse of 
time and/or issue of a certificate become an Event of Default, has occurred. 
12. 
Enforcement 
Pursuant to the terms of the CA Pledge Agreement, only the Collateral Agent may, at its discretion 
and without further notice, take such action or step or institute such proceedings against the Issuer, 
as it may think fit to enforce the rights of the holders of the Notes against the Issuer whether the same 
arise under general law, the CA Pledge Agreement or the Notes, any other Series Document or 
otherwise, but, in each case, it need not take any such action or step or institute proceedings unless 
in accordance with the terms of the CA Pledge Agreement, the Collateral Agent is so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution a copy of which has been provided to the Collateral Agent or notified in 
writing by holders of at least a majority of the Notes then outstanding and it shall have been secured 
and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to its satisfaction.  
Pursuant to the CA Pledge Agreement, only the Collateral Agent may, at its discretion, and shall, if 
so directed in writing by the holders of at least one fifth in Principal Amount of the Notes or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution, a copy of which has been provided to the Collateral Agent, subject to its 
having been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction by the Noteholders in 
accordance with the CA Pledge Agreement, enforce the Issuer Security constituted by the CA Pledge 
Agreement. 
None of the Noteholders shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Collateral 
Agent, having become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the CA Pledge Agreement, 
fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
The Noteholders acknowledge and agree that only the Collateral Agent may enforce the Issuer 
Security over the Series Assets in accordance with, and subject to the terms of, the CA Pledge 
Agreement. 
The Collateral Agent shall not be required to take any action in relation to the Issuer Security 
constituted by the CA Pledge Agreement which may (i) be illegal or contrary to any applicable law or 
regulation or (ii) cause it to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any liability (including any 
personal liability) in the performance of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights, powers and 
discretions, without first being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction.  
13. 
Meetings of Noteholders, modification, waiver, substitution and restrictions  
13.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
 
A Noteholder representative is not appointed. Noteholder may, in meetings convened in accordance 
with the law, pass resolutions on certain matters affecting their interests, including modification by 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Notes (including these Conditions).  
Subject to stricter statutory provisions, the quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be two or more Noteholders or agents present in person holding or representing in

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
the aggregate more than 50 % of the number of the Notes for the time being outstanding or, at any 
adjourned such meeting, two or more Noteholders or agents present in person being or representing 
Noteholders, whatever the number of the Notes so held or represented, and an Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether present 
or not, except that any Extraordinary Resolution proposed, inter alia,  
(i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes  
(ii) to change any method of calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption 
Amount or the Mandatory Redemption Amount,  
(iii) to change the currency or currencies of payment or Denomination of the Notes,  
(iv) to take any steps which as specified in the CA Pledge Agreement may only be taken following 
approval by an Extraordinary Resolution to which the special quorum provisions apply,  
(v) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the 
majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution,  
(vi) to modify the provisions of the Base Prospectus or the Final Terms, or the CA Pledge Agreement 
concerning this exception,  
(vii) to modify any other provisions specifically identified for this purpose in the Base Prospectus or 
the Final Terms  
will only be binding if passed at a meeting of the Noteholders, the quorum at which shall be 
Noteholders or agents present in person holding or representing in the aggregate not less than 75 % 
of the nominal capital of Notes issued and outstanding.  
A resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 % of the aggregate 
nominal capital of the Notes issued and outstanding shall for all purposes be considered as valid and 
effectual as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders. 
13.2 
Modification of the relevant Series Documents 
(A) 
Subject to Condition 13.3.(F), the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, (i) 
make any modification to these Conditions and/or any Series Document which is, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest 
error, and (ii) any other modification, and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach of any of these Conditions or any of the provisions of the Series Document 
that is in the opinion of the Issuer not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Any such modification, authorisation or waiver will be binding on the Noteholders and will be 
notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 as soon as 
reasonably practicable. If and to the extent required by applicable law, a supplement to the 
Prospectus will be established and filed for approval with the Liechtenstein FMA. 
(B) 
The Issuer may furthermore, without the consent of the Noteholders, make any modification 
to these Conditions and/or any Series Document which is not specifically stated therein to 
require the consent of the Noteholders, including any modification which is made: 
(1) 
in connection with the accession of a new Authorised Participant to the Programme; 
or 
(2) 
to effect any adjustment to the Conditions of the Notes pursuant to Condition 8.3 as 
a consequence of the occurrence of an Adjustment Event provided that: 
(a) 
the adjustments so agreed have the consequence that at the time of the 
adjustments there is no negative change to the Note Value in respect of the 
Notes; and 
(b) 
the adjustments do not take effect until at least three calendar days have 
elapsed after they are announced to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
13.3 
Substitution 
 
The Issuer may delegate and transfer, without the consent of the Noteholders, but subject to the prior 
consent of each Authorised Participant, any and all obligations on the basis of this Prospectus and 
the Notes issued thereunder and may therefore be substituted as the principal debtor under this 
Prospectus and the Series Documents to which it is a party and the Notes of each Series, by any 
other company (incorporated in any jurisdiction) (any such substitute company being the 
"Substituted Obligor"), provided that: 
(A) 
a deed is executed or undertaking given by the Substituted Obligor to the Collateral Agent, 
in form and manner satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, agreeing to be bound by the CA 
Pledge Agreement and the Notes of each Series (with such consequential amendments as 
the Collateral Agent may deem appropriate) as if the Substituted Obligor had been named in 
the CA Pledge Agreement and the Notes as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer; 
(B) 
the Substituted Obligor assumes all rights, obligations and liabilities in relation to the Series 
Assets, acknowledges the Issuer Security created in respect thereof pursuant to the CA 
Pledge Agreement and takes all such action as may be required by the Series Parties so that 
the Issuer Security constitutes a valid charge, pledge or other security interest over the Series 
Assets as was originally created by the Issuer for the obligations of the Substituted Obligor; 
(C) 
if any director of the Substituted Obligor certifies that it will be solvent immediately after such 
substitution, the Series Parties need not have regard to the Substituted Obligor’s financial 
condition, profits or prospects or compare them with those of the Issuer; 
(D) 
the Series Parties will be satisfied (if required, by reference to legal opinions) that (a) all 
necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents necessary for or in 
connection with the assumption by the Substituted Obligor of liability as principal debtor in 
respect of, and of its obligations under, the Notes of each Series and any Series Document 
have been obtained and (b) such approvals and consents are at the time of substitution in 
full force and effect; 
(E) 
the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor will execute and the Issuer shall procure that each 
Series Party will execute such other deeds, documents and instruments (if any) as the may 
be required in order that such substitution is fully effective and comply with such other 
requirements in the interests of the Noteholders; 
(F) 
the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor comply with such other requirements as the Series 
Parties may direct in the interests of the Noteholders; and 
 
a legal opinion is provided to the Series Parties concerning any proposed substitution and the Issuer 
and the Substituted Obligor shall give notice of the substitution to the Noteholders within 14 calendar 
days of the execution of such documents and compliance with such requirements. 
On completion of the formalities set out in this Condition 13.3, the Substituted Obligor shall be 
deemed to be named in these Conditions, the CA Pledge Agreement, the other Series Documents 
and the Notes as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute) and these 
Conditions, the CA Pledge Agreement, the other Series Documents and the Notes shall be deemed 
to be amended as necessary to give effect to the substitution. 
13.4 
Prohibition on U.S. persons 
 
Notes may not be legally or beneficially owned by any U.S. person at any time nor offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. The Issuer has the right, at its option, to refuse 
to recognise any such transfer or to compel any legal or beneficial owner of Notes who contravenes 
such prohibition to void the transfer of such Notes to such legal or beneficial owner or to redeem any 
such Notes held by such legal or beneficial owner. Transfers may be voided by the Issuer by 
compelling a sale by such legal or beneficial owner or by the Issuer selling such Notes on behalf of

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
such legal or beneficial owner at the lesser of the purchase price therefor or the Note Value prevailing 
at the time such transfer is voided. Terms used in this Condition 13.4 have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
13.5 
ERISA prohibition 
 
Notes may not be legally or beneficially owned by any entity that is, or that is using the assets of, 
(a)(i) an "Employee Benefit Plan" (as defined in Section 3(3) of the United States Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")) that is subject to the fiduciary 
responsibility requirements of Title I of ERISA, (ii) any plan to which Section 4975 of the United States 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") applies (a "Plan") or (iii) an entity whose 
constituent assets include "Plan Assets" (as determined pursuant to the "Plan Assets Regulation" 
issued by the United States Department of Labor at 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 as modified by 
Section 3(42) of ERISA) by reason of any such Employee Benefit Plan’s or Plan’s investment in the 
entity or (b) a non-U.S. plan, governmental plan, church plan or other plan that is subject to any 
federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other law or regulation that is similar to the provisions of Section 406 
of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (a "Similar Law") unless its acquisition and holding and 
disposition of such Note, or any interest therein, has not and will not constitute a violation of such 
Similar Law. The Issuer has the right, at its option, to refuse to recognise any such transfer or to 
compel any legal or beneficial owner of Notes who contravenes such prohibition to void the transfer 
of such Notes to such legal or beneficial owner or to redeem any such Notes held by such legal or 
beneficial owner. Transfers may be voided by the Issuer by compelling a sale by such legal or 
beneficial owner or by the issuer selling such Notes on behalf of such legal or beneficial owner at the 
lesser of the purchase price therefor or the Note Value prevailing at the time such transfer is voided. 
Terms used in this Condition 13.5 have the meanings given to them by the Code. 
14. 
Replacement of Notes 
If a Note in bearer form is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject 
to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the 
specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent or such other Paying Agent, as the case may be, as 
may, from time to time, be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation 
is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity (which may provide, inter 
alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note is subsequently presented for payment there 
shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Note) and 
otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
15. 
Issue of further Series of Notes 
Subject to Condition 5, the Issuer may, from time to time (without the consent of the Noteholders), 
create and issue further securities either having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all 
respects and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the Notes 
or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue and/or incur further 
obligations relating to such securities. 
Only an Authorised Participant may request that the Issuer issue additional Notes by delivering a 
valid Subscription Order subject to and in accordance with the terms of the relevant Authorised 
Participant Agreement.  
The Issuer will only accept a Subscription Order and issue Notes if: 
(A) 
a Subscription Order is given by an Authorised Participant and determined to be valid by or 
on behalf of the Issuer; 
(B) 
the acceptance of such Subscription Order will not cause any Subscription Limit for the Notes 
to be exceeded; and 
(C) 
all conditions precedent to an issue of the Notes are satisfied.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
The Issuer shall have no obligation to issue further Notes and no obligation to accept any Subscription 
Orders from (but excluding) the fifth Valuation Date preceding the Final Redemption Date of the Notes. 
In accordance with the terms of the Authorised Participant Agreement(s) and the Operating 
Procedures Agreement, the Issuer will not be obliged to accept any Subscription Order and/or issue 
Notes if (i) a Subscription Suspension Event has occurred and is continuing, and/or (ii) a Mandatory 
Redemption Event has occurred. If an Issuer Call Redemption Notice is delivered, the last day on 
which the Issuer is required to accept a valid Subscription Order shall be the fifth Business Day 
preceding the related Mandatory Redemption Date designated in such notice. If a Mandatory 
Redemption Event occurs, the last day on which the Issuer is required to accept a valid Subscription 
Order shall be the date of the notice designating such event. 
The Issuer may suspend the issuance of further Notes at any time. If a Subscription Suspension 
Event occurs, the Issuer shall not accept any Subscription Orders for the Notes with effect from the 
date of suspension specified in the relevant notice to the Calculation Agent and the Authorised 
Participants until such time (if any) as the Issuer notifies such Series Parties that it shall recommence 
the issue of further Series of the Notes. The effective date of any such suspension will be specified 
in the related notice and will be a day not earlier than the Valuation Date following the date of such 
notice. The Issuer shall give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 of any such 
suspension as soon as reasonably practicable after giving any notice of suspension of subscriptions. 
In relation to any Subscription Order which has been accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer but in 
respect of which the Subscription Settlement Date has not yet occurred as at the date of the 
occurrence of an Event of Default, each such Subscription Order shall automatically be cancelled 
with effect from the date of the occurrence of such Event of Default. 
In relation to any Subscription Order which is valid but in respect of which the Notes are pending 
issue and settlement to the relevant Authorised Participant as at the Mandatory Redemption Date, 
the Final Redemption Date or the date of delivery of an Event of Default Redemption Notice (due to 
the Subscription Settlement Date not having occurred at such date, the relevant Authorised 
Participant not having delivered in full the relevant subscription amount on a Subscription Settlement 
Date falling prior to such date, or otherwise), any such Subscription Order shall automatically be 
cancelled with effect from such Mandatory Redemption Date, Final Redemption Date or date of 
delivery of an Event of Default Redemption Notice (as applicable).  
If at any time after the occurrence of the Subscription Settlement Date in respect of which the relevant 
Authorised Participant has not paid in full the related Subscription Amount a Mandatory Redemption 
Event occurs, the Final Redemption Date occurs or an Event of Default Redemption Notice is 
delivered, the Notes issued on any such Subscription Settlement Date which are pending settlement 
to the relevant Authorised Participant shall automatically be cancelled with effect from the date of the 
occurrence of such Mandatory Redemption Date, Final Redemption Date or date of delivery of an 
Event of Default Redemption Notice (as applicable). Notes requested for issue and subscribed for by 
an Authorised Participant may be held on an inventory basis by such Authorised Participant and 
offered for sale and/or sold over a period of time. 
In relation to any Subscription Order, the Issuer may in accordance with the relevant Authorised 
Participant Agreement and the Operating Procedures Agreement agree with the relevant Authorised 
Participant that the obligation of the Authorised Participant to pay the relevant subscription amount 
(the “Relevant Subscription Amount”) shall be satisfied by the delivery to, or to the order of, the 
Issuer of assets suitable as components of the Series Assets which the Calculation Agent determines 
have a value on the Subscription Trade Date, after taking account of any costs of transfer or delivery 
which are to be discharged by the Issuer, which is equal to the Relevant Subscription Amount.  
Any new securities forming a single Series with Notes already issued and which are secured in 
accordance with the terms of the CA Pledge Agreement will, upon the issue thereof by the Issuer, be 
secured by the terms of the CA Pledge Agreement without any further formality and irrespective of 
whether or not the issue of such securities contravenes any covenant or other restriction in the CA 
Pledge Agreement or the Programme Maximum Number of Notes and shall be secured by the Series 
Assets (as increased and/or supplemented in connection with such issue of such new securities).

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
16. 
Notices 
16.1 
All notices to holders of Notes shall be valid if: 
 
(A) 
they are: 
 
(1) 
published on the website of one or more RIS(s) approved for such purposes by the 
applicable Relevant Stock Exchange(s) and any such notices shall be conclusively 
presumed to have been received by the holders; and/or 
(2) 
published on the Issuer’s Website www.vaneck.com; 
(B) 
for so long as the Notes are listed on any Relevant Stock Exchange, they are published in 
accordance with the rules and regulations of such Relevant Stock Exchange or other relevant 
authority; and 
(C) 
for so long as the Notes are in global form, notices required to be given in respect of the 
Notes represented by a Global Bearer Note are given by their being delivered (so long as the 
Global Bearer Note is held on behalf of a Relevant Clearing System) to the Relevant Clearing 
System, or otherwise to the holder of the Global Bearer Note, rather than by publication as 
required above. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the 
Notes on the Clearing System Business Day immediately following the day on which the 
notice was given to the Relevant Clearing System. 
16.2 
If, in the opinion of the Issuer, any such publications above are not practicable, notice shall be validly 
given if published in another leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the relevant country. 
 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided 
above. 
17. 
Relevant Clearing System 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility for the performance by the Relevant 
Clearing System (or its participants or indirect participants) of any of their respective obligations under 
the rules and procedures governing their operations. 
18. 
Governing law and jurisdiction 
18.1 
Governing law 
 
The Base Prospectus, the CA Pledge Agreement and the Notes (including any Global Bearer Note), 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, German law. 
18.2 
Jurisdiction 
 
The courts of Liechtenstein are to have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise 
out of or in connection with any Notes and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings arising out 
of or in connection with any Notes ("Proceedings") may be brought in such courts. In addition, the 
courts of Germany are to have also non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise 
out of or in connection with any Notes and, accordingly any Proceedings may be brought in such 
courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any objections to 
Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been 
brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of Liechtenstein 
or to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of Germany is for the benefit of each of the Collateral Agent and 
the Noteholders and shall not limit the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude 
the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The following are Pro Forma Final Terms for the issue of Notes by VanEck ETP AG under the VanEck Vectors 
Exchange Traded Note Programme as further described in this Base Prospectus. Issue Specific Final Terms 
will be published and filed with the FMA with regard to each Series of Notes issued on the basis of this Base 
Prospectus. Issue Specific Final Terms for each Series of Notes will also be published on the Issuers website 
www.vaneck.com. 
 
Final Terms dated: [ 
] 
VanEck ETP AG  
(a society limited by shares incorporated in Liechtenstein) 
Issue of 
[number] [Series] Notes 
pursuant to the 
VanEck Vectors Exchange Traded Note Programme  
(the "Notes") 
This document constitutes the Final Terms in the meaning of Art 8 of the Prospectus Regulation of 
the Notes described herein. These Final Terms must always be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus issued by the Issuer and approved by the Liechtenstein FMA on 27 September 2021 (the 
“Base Prospectus”) together with supplements, if any, in order for an investor to obtain any and all 
information relevant for a decision whether to invest in the Notes. Full information on VanEck ETP 
AG (the "Issuer") and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus (together with any supplement thereto) 
is available on the website of the Issuer at www.vaneck.com. Terms used in these Final Terms bear 
the same meaning as in the Base Prospectus. 
A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms. 
The Base Prospectus (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis that, except as 
provided in sub-paragraph (ii) below, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA in which the 
Prospectus Regulation is applicable (each, a "Relevant Member State") will be made pursuant to an 
exemption under the Prospectus Regulation, as implemented or applicable in that Relevant Member State, 
from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Notes.  
Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so: 
(i) 
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer; or 
(ii) 
in those Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in the following paragraph, provided such person 
is one of the persons mentioned in the following paragraph and that such offer is made during the 
Offer Period specified for such purpose therein. 
An offer of the Notes may be made by the Issuer or by Authorised Participants other than pursuant to Article 
3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation in Liechtenstein, Austria, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, 
Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Poland as well as Switzerland  ("Non-exempt 
Offer Jurisdictions") during the period from approval and publication of the Prospectus until one year after 
the date of approval of the Prospectus by the Liechtenstein FMA (the "Offer Period"). 
Neither the Issuer nor any Authorised Participant has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any 
offer of Notes in any other circumstances.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (and delegated acts thereto, 
including Commission Delegated Regulations (EU) 2019/979 and 2019/980). 
Target market: The Issuer considers that the Notes described in these Final Terms are suitable for retail 
and institutional investors. 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the terms and conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 27 September 2021 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [ ]] (the "Base Prospectus") The 
particulars in relation to this issue of Notes are as follows:  
 
1. 
Series of Notes to which these Final 
Terms apply: 
[ 
] 
2. 
Number of Notes to which these Final 
Terms apply: 
[ 
] 
 
 
 
3. 
Series Issue Date: 
[] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[ 
] per Note 
5. 
Principal Amount: 
Up to […] ([ 
] per Note) 
6. 
Relevant Currency: 
[…] 
7. 
Final Redemption Date: 
[•] 2068  
8. 
Redemption Amount: 
Note Value less pro rata costs in Relevant Currency 
9. 
Denomination: 
[Principal Amount] 
10. 
Index 
[ 
] 
11. 
Index Administrator 
[…] 
12. 
Series Assets / Sampling 
[…] 
13. 
Interest 
[…] 
14. 
Form of Notes: 
[Global Bearer Note] 
 
15. 
Price Information 
[…] 
The Issuer accepts the responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.  
[ ] has been extracted from [ ].  
The Issuer confirms that any additional information provided by […] has been accurately reproduced and that, 
so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [ ], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading]. 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
16. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
The Notes are admitted to trading at […] [The Issuer may 
make applications to any other regulated or unregulated

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
market the Issuer considers suitable for the Notes to which 
these Final Terms apply to be admitted to trading.]   
17. 
Notification 
The FMA has provided the competent authorities of the 
[and [names of other competent authorities of host member 
states of the EEA]] with a certificate of approval attesting 
that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
18. 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue 
 
Various subsidiary companies of Van Eck Associates Corporation do participate in the offer of the 
Notes or are subsequently involved in functions relating to the Notes (e.g. the Arranger and 
Calculation Agent). 
Four of the directors of the Issuer are employees of affiliates of Van Eck Associates Corporation in 
Europe and might therefore be subject to conflicts of interest. However, the directors are subject to 
the global and local conflict of interest policies and procedures of Van Eck Associates Corporation.  
Furthermore, there are currently no conflicts of interest between the members of the board of 
directors of the Issuer and the private interests of the directors.  
 
19. 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[…] 
20. 
Distribution 
 
 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the Notes may be made by the 
Authorised Participants specified in Paragraph 8 of Part B 
below other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation in [specify relevant Member State(s) – which 
must be jurisdictions where the Prospectus and any 
supplements have been passported] ("Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions") during the period from [specify date] until 
[specify date or a formula such as "the Issue Date" or "the 
date which falls [ ] Business Days thereafter"] ("Offer 
Period").  See further Paragraph 8 of Part B below.] 
 
 
 
 
Additional Selling Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable] 
21. 
Information about the past and the further performance of the Index and its volatility 
 
Information about the past and further 
performance of the Index and its 
volatility can be obtained from: 
[Include name of the Index and details of where information 
about the past and future performance of the Index and its 
volatility can be obtained.] 
22. 
Operational Information 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[ 
] 
 
Common Code: 
[ 
] 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[ 
] 
23. 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][specify] 
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: [insert any applicable additional conditions to offer] 
Offers of the Notes are conditional upon their issue and, as 
between the Authorised Participant(s) and their customers, 
any further conditions as may be agreed between them. 
 
Description of the application process: [Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Details 
of 
the 
minimum 
and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Details of the method and time limited 
for paying up and delivering the Notes: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes will be issued on the Issue Date 
against payment to the Issuer of the net subscription 
moneys] 
 
Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Process for notification to applicants of 
the amount allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber 
or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in 
the various countries where the offer 
takes place. 
[None/give details] 
 
Name 
and 
address 
of 
financial 
intermediary/ies authorised to use the 
Base Prospectus, as completed by 
these Final Terms (the "Authorised 
Participants"): 
Flow Traders B.V.; Jane Street Financial Limited; 
[and] [each Authorised Participant expressly named as an 
Authorised 
Participant 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(www.vaneck.com) 
 
24 
Parties to the Series 
 
 
[…] 
 
 
[…] 
 
25. 
Governing Law 
German

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
ANNEX – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
[Issue specific summary of the Notes to be inserted if (i) the Notes are to be listed on a regulated market in 
the EEA or (ii) publicly offered in a member state of the EEA]

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
SETTLEMENT AND CLEARING OF NOTES 
Custodial and depositary or safekeeping links have been (or will be) established with Clearstream Banking 
Frankfurt to facilitate the initial issuance of Notes. Transfers within Clearstream Banking Frankfurt will be in 
accordance with the usual rules and operating procedures of the relevant system. 
Clearstream Banking Frankfurt 
Clearstream Banking Frankfurt holds securities for participating organisations and facilitates the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions between its participants through electronic book-entry changes in 
accounts of such participants. Clearstream Banking Frankfurt provides to its participants, among other things, 
services for safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and 
securities lending and borrowing. Clearstream Banking Frankfurt participants are financial institutions 
throughout the world, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing 
corporations and certain other organisations. Indirect access to Clearstream Banking Frankfurt is also 
available to others, such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies which clear through or maintain a 
custodial relationship with a Clearstream Banking Frankfurt participant, either directly or indirectly. 
Distributions of principal with respect to book-entry interests in the Notes held through Clearstream Banking 
Frankfurt will be credited, to the extent received by the Issuing and Paying Agent, to the cash accounts of 
Clearstream Banking Frankfurt participants in accordance with the relevant system's rules and procedures.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
A Series of Notes may, subject to all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, be issued in Series 
comprising bearer securities or in dematerialised uncertificated registered form which shall not be 
exchangeable for bearer securities as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The summary that follows is 
only in relation to bearer securities. 
Bearer securities will be issued in global note form (" Global Bearer Note"). 
Initial Issue of Notes 
The Global Bearer Note will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Series to a Central 
Depository. Depositing the Global Bearer Note with the Central Depository does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
With regard to the Global Bearer Note held by Clearstream Banking Frankfurt (the "Central Depositary"), 
Clearstream Banking Frankfurt will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the 
nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. The records of such clearing system shall be 
conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Bearer Note and a statement 
issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant 
clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Central Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream 
Banking Frankfurt held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with 
any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, 
Clearstream Banking Frankfurt or other clearing systems. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Clearstream Banking Frankfurt or any other clearing system 
("Alternative Clearing System") as the holder of a Note represented by a Bearer Security must look solely 
to Clearstream Banking Frankfurt or any such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be) for his share 
of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Bearer Note and in relation to all other 
rights arising under the Notes, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of 
Clearstream Banking Frankfurt or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). Such persons 
shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the 
Notes are represented by such Global Bearer Note and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by 
payment to the bearer of such Global Bearer Note in respect of each amount so paid. 
Amendments to Conditions while Notes in global form 
The Global Bearer Notes contain provisions that apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify 
the effect of the Conditions set out in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of those provisions: 
Meetings 
For the purposes of any meeting of Noteholders, the holder of the Notes represented by a Global Bearer 
Note shall be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of 
Noteholders and, at any such meeting, the holder of a Global Bearer Note shall be treated as having one 
vote in respect of each Note represented by such Global Bearer Note. 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a Global Bearer Note that is required by the Conditions to be 
cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the number of Notes represented 
by the relevant Global Bearer Note which shall always represent the aggregate number of Notes outstanding 
from time to time.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
Issuer’s call option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented by a 
Global Bearer Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders and containing the 
information required by the Conditions. 
Nominal amount 
The Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under 
the Notes, as the case may be, entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such 
entry being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Bearer Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
Collateral Agent’s Powers 
In considering the interests of Noteholders while any Global Bearer Note is held on behalf of a clearing 
system, the Collateral Agent may have regard to any information provided to it by such clearing system or its 
operator as to the identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders with entitlements to such 
Global Bearer Note and may consider such interests as if such accountholders were the holders of the Notes 
represented by such Global Bearer Note.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
SUMMARY OF THE SERIES DOCUMENTS 
The following are summaries of certain provisions of the principal agreements entered into by the Issuer in 
relation to each Series of Notes and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of 
each such agreement. The following summaries do not purport to be complete, and prospective investors 
must refer to each series agreement for further information regarding such agreement. 
The following agreements are material for the implementation of this Programme as they specifically govern 
custodianship of the Series Assets as well as the collateral established on the Series Assets for the benefit 
of the Noteholders. 
Capitalised terms used in the summaries below but not defined therein shall have the meanings given to 
such terms in the Conditions. 
Collateral Agent & Pledge Agreement 
The Notes of each Series shall be secured by a pledge as constituted and governed by or pursuant to an 
instrument relating to the Notes and dated the Series Issue Date (as defined in the Conditions) between the 
Issuer and the Collateral Agent (the “Collateral Agent & Pledge Agreement”, “CA Pledge Agreement”). 
Pursuant to the CA Pledge Agreement in respect of a Series of Notes, the obligations of the Issuer relating 
to that Series shall be secured in favour of the Collateral Agent, for its benefit and the benefit of the Issuer 
Secured Creditors, by the security over the Series Assets, as described in the section of this Base Prospectus 
headed "Security Arrangements". 
The relevant CA Pledge Agreement further contains the provisions setting out the various obligations of the 
Issuer and the Collateral Agent with respect to the relevant Series of Notes, and will set out the covenants 
given by the Issuer in relation to such Series, including, without limitation, its covenant to pay, provisions 
relating to its duty to provide various persons with information, to prepare and display certain information, 
only to do such things as are contemplated within the applicable CA Pledge Agreement (most importantly, in 
relation to the issue and performance of the Notes) and its duties with respect to its obligations under the 
Notes. Each CA Pledge Agreement will also set out the basis for the remuneration and indemnification of the 
Collateral Agent in respect of its duties, the conditions for appointment, retirement and removal and contains 
provisions which are supplemental to certain statutory provisions and which set out the powers of the 
Collateral Agent and the extent of its duties.  
The Collateral Agent is a subsidiary of Van Eck Associates Corporation and is holding 100 % of the shares 
in the Issuer VanEck ETP AG. Notwithstanding the before stated, the Collateral Agent is and will act 
independently in the context of its function as Collateral Agent under the terms of the Notes, which will also 
be safeguarded by organisational structures within the Collateral Agent. 
Agency Agreement 
An agency agreement (the “Agency Agreement”) shall be concluded between the Issuer, the Issuing and 
Paying Agent and any other “Paying Agents” (such other Paying Agents being defined as such together with 
the Issuing and Paying Agent) and the Collateral Agent.  
The Agency Agreement sets out the duties and obligations of the relevant Agents in relation to: (i) the issue, 
payment, cancellation and listing of the Notes and (ii) the basis for the remuneration and indemnification of 
each Agent appointed in respect of the relevant Series in respect of their respective duties.  
The Agency Agreement also sets out the terms for the appointment, resignation (by at least 90 calendar days’ 
prior notice to the Issuer, the Collateral Agent and the other Agents) and termination of the appointment of 
the Issuing and Paying Agent (by at least 90 calendar days’ prior notice from the Issuer or on the occurrence 
of certain events, such as where such agent becomes incapable of acting, is dissolved, is adjudged bankrupt 
or insolvent, files for bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition for the benefit 
of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a receiver, administrator or similar official or a resolution is 
passed for its winding up, official management, liquidation or dissolution). 
The Collateral Agent is a subsidiary of Van Eck Associates Corporation and is holding 100 % of the shares 
in the Issuer VanEck ETP AG. Notwithstanding the before stated, the Collateral Agent is and will act 
independently in the context of its function as Collateral Agent under the terms of the Notes, which will also 
be safeguarded by organisational structures within the Collateral Agent.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
Calculation Agency Agreement 
A calculation agency agreement (the “Calculation Agency Agreement”) shall be concluded between the 
Issuer and the Calculation Agent.   
The Calculation Agency Agreement sets out the duties and obligation of the Calculation Agent in relation (i) 
to making such non-discretionary calculations and give such notices of the outcome thereof as expressly 
required to be performed by it under the Series Documents, and (ii) as soon as practicable on each date on 
which or at such time at which the Calculation Agent is expressly required under the Series Documents to 
calculate any amount, price, rate or value to give any notice relating thereto, making such calculations and 
delivering such notices expressly required to be given by it (in its capacity as Calculation Agent) in 
accordance with the Series Documents and obtaining any quotation, rate or value required in connection 
therewith as soon as reasonably practicable or as otherwise specified in the Series Documents. 
The Calculation Agency Agreement also sets out the terms for the appointment and termination of the 
appointment of the Calculation Agent. The appointment of the Calculation Agent may be terminated: (i) by at 
least 180 days’ prior notice from any party to each other party; (ii) by any party giving prior written notice in 
writing to the other parties that such party has materially failed to perform its duties and obligations and has 
failed to remedy such failure within 60 days of being so notified; (iii) by any party giving 90 days prior notice 
in writing to the other parties prior to the “liquidation” of any one or more Series; or (iv) immediately on the 
occurrence of certain events, such as where the Calculation Agent becomes incapable of acting, is dissolved, 
is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, files for bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, arrangement or 
composition for the benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a receiver, administrator or similar 
official or a resolution is passed for its winding up, official management, liquidation or dissolution). 
The Calculation Agent is a subsidiary of Van Eck Associates Corporation and is holding 100 % of the shares 
in the Issuer VanEck ETP AG. Notwithstanding the before stated, the Collateral Agent is and will act 
independently in the context of its function as Collateral Agent under the terms of the Notes, which will also 
be safeguarded by organisational structures within the Collateral Agent. 
Custody Agreement  
On or about the Series Issue Date, the Issuer and the Custodian will enter into an Liechtenstein law governed 
custody and safekeeping agreement (the "Custody Agreement").  
 
The Custody Agreement sets out the duties and obligations of the Custodian in relation to (i) the holding of 
the Custodied Assets and the Digital Assets acquired by the Issuer and (ii) the basis for the remuneration 
and indemnification of the Custodian.  
 
A description of the manner in which the Digital Assets will be held on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with 
the terms of the Custody Agreement are included in the section of this Base Prospectus headed "Digital 
Assets Custody". 
 
Authorised Participant Agreement 
An authorised participant agreement (the “Authorised Participant Agreement”) shall be concluded between 
the Issuer and each Authorised Participant. Such Authorised Participant Agreement sets out the terms on 
which an Authorised Participant will act as Authorised Participant in relation to each Series of Notes issued 
by the Issuer under the Programme. Each Authorised Participant appointed by the Issuer shall enter into an 
authorised participant agreement on substantially equivalent terms.  
The Authorised Participant Agreement sets out the conditions for appointment, resignation (by at least 60 
calendar days’ prior notice to the Issuer and each other Series Party) and termination (by the Issuer with 
immediate effect if an Authorised Participant Bankruptcy Event occurs and in any other circumstance by at 
least 30 calendar days’ prior notice, of the appointment of the relevant Authorised Participant, unless there 
is more than one Authorised Participant, in which case the Issuer may terminate the appointment of any 
Authorised Participant with immediate effect for a material breach of its obligations which to the extent such 
breach is capable of being remedied is not remedied within 15 calendar days of the relevant Authorised 
Participant becoming aware of, or its receiving notice from the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent or the 
Collateral Agent of such breach or if the Issuer determines, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, that the conduct of such Authorised Participant is materially detrimental to the reputation or 
development potential of the business of the Issuer or any other Series Party or the relationships of those

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
entities with third parties). The Authorised Participant Agreement includes an indemnity from the Issuer 
relating to the representations and warranties given by the Issuer in such agreement. 
Operating Procedures Agreement 
An operating procedures agreement (the “Operating Procedures Agreement”) will be concluded between, 
among others, the Issuer and each Authorised Participants.  Any further Eligible Authorised Participant which 
accedes in respect of the Series after the Series Issue Date will be required to become a party to the 
Operating Procedures Agreement. The Operating Procedures Agreement will set out the relevant procedures 
by which any Authorised Participant may subscribe for Notes of a Series from the Issuer, or redeem Notes 
of a Series to the Issuer. 
Cost Transfer Agreement 
In addition to the Series Documents, the Issuer and VanEck (Europe) GmbH have entered into a Cost 
Transfer Agreement according to which VanEck (Europe) GmbH has committed to bear any and all costs 
related to the establishment and ongoing maintenance of the Issuer as well as to the Issue of (Series of) 
Notes on the basis of this Base Prospectus (and Final Terms for the relevant Series of Notes).

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
DIGITAL ASSETS CUSTODY  
The following description of the safekeeping arrangements in respect of the Digital Assets consists of a 
summary and overview of certain provisions of the Custody Agreement relating to a Series of Notes, and is 
qualified in its entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of each such Custody Agreement. . 
The Issuer stores each unit of the digital assets (each such unit a “Digital Asset”) in a digital wallet created 
and maintained for and on behalf of the Issuer by the Custodian, which is a bank licensed and with domicile 
in Liechtenstein. The Custodian is responsible for up-to-date safety and security measures with regard to the 
wallet. 
Under the Custody Agreement, the Custodian will credit all Digital Assets properly authorized by the Issuer 
to the wallets, as applicable. Such credit will be made on the same business day as the transaction is finalized 
by the relevant network, except that transactions finalized after 16:00 h (Liechtenstein time) may be 
processed on the next business day. 
The Custody Agreement provides that the Issuer will be able to access the wallets via the Issuer’s services 
at all times, in order to check information about the wallet and add and withdraw Digital Assets from the 
wallets and otherwise use the Custodian’s services within the framework of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes and the CA Pledge Agreement. The Custody Agreement further provides that the Issuer’s auditors 
and/or third-party accountants, as well as the Collateral Agent, upon reasonable notice, have inspection 
rights to visit and inspect the Custodian and the wallets. 
The Custodian will, provided that and as long as no Event of Default has occurred, only allow withdrawals 
from the wallets by authorized representatives of the Issuer and subject to and in line with the terms of the 
CA Pledge Agreement. Such withdrawals will be made on the same business day as the transaction is 
finalized by the relevant network, except that transactions finalized after 16:00 h (Liechtenstein time) may be 
processed on the next business day.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS 
The following description of the security arrangements relating to the Programme consists of a summary and 
overview of certain provisions of the CA Pledge Agreement relating to a Series of Notes, and is qualified in 
its entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of each such CA Pledge Agreement.  
The Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Notes of each Series are secured by the Issuer Security created 
by the CA Pledge Agreement relating to such Series and Series Assets. 
The Issuer Security created by the CA Pledge Agreement in respect of a Series of Notes is granted to the 
Collateral Agent as continuing security for the Noteholders.  
CA Pledge Agreement 
Pursuant to the CA Pledge Agreement relating to a Series of Notes, in respect of that Series the obligations 
of the Issuer under the Notes shall be secured by a charge in favour of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit 
of the Notehoder, on: 
 
(i) all sums held now or in the future by or on behalf of the Issuer (including, without limitation, by the Issuing 
and Paying Agent) to meet payments due in respect of the obligations and duties of the Issuer under the CA 
Pledge Agreement and the Notes and all rights and claims of the Issuer relating to such sums,  
(ii) the Series Assets and any sums of money or other property received or receivable now or in the future 
by or on behalf of the Issuer from or in context with the Series Assets and all rights and claims of the Issuer 
with regard to the Series Assets and such sums or property,  
(iii) all of the Issuer’s rights and claims as against the Custodian, relating to the Notes, and  
(iv) all of the Issuer’s rights and claims in respect of any sum or property now or in the future standing to the 
credit of the Series Account, 
in each case, to the extent that they relate to such Series of the Notes. 
Under the CA Pledge Agreement, the parties agree that the Issuing and Paying Agent, if and to the extent 
he holds assets for and on behalf of the Issuer, and the Custodian holding the Series Assets in the Series 
Account(s), will register the charge in favour of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Noteholders with 
regard to the respective accounts and will exclusively comply with the instructions issued by the Collateral 
Agent with respect to the disposition of the assets held by the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Custodian. 
The circumstances and manner of issuing such instructions will be further described in the CA Pledge 
Agreement. 
Enforcement of the Issuer Security 
The Issuer Security constituted by the CA Pledge Agreement in respect of a Series of Notes will become 
enforceable if an Event of Default occurs with respect to such Notes. The proceeds of such enforcement will 
be applied in accordance with the order of priority set out in Condition 5.4 of the Notes.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
THE ISSUER 
General 
The Issuer was incorporated as VanEck ETP AG on 16.07.2020 as a society limited by shares and is validly 
existing under the Liechtenstein Persons and Companies Act (with registered number FL-0002.640.173-8).  
The Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purposes of issuing collateralised 
exchange traded securities. The Issuer is incorporated and registered in Liechtenstein and operates subject 
to the laws of Liechtenstein. The registered office of the Issuer is at Landstrasse 36, 9495 Triesen, 
Liechtenstein. The LEI (Legal Entity Identifier) of the Issuer is 529900R2B8HNG8H5ED30. 
Further information on the Issuer can be found on the website www.vaneck.com. Neither this website nor its 
contents do form part of this Prospectus. 
Share Capital and Shareholders 
The Issuer is part of the VanEck group: 
 
 
 
The authorised share capital of the Issuer is 50’000 USD divided into 50,000 registered shares of USD 1.00 
each (the "Issuer Shares"), all of which are issued and fully paid up. The sole shareholder of the Issuer is 
VanEck (Europe) GmbH, the shares of which are 100 % held by Van Eck Associates Corporation. The 
shareholding in Van Eck Associates Corporation in turn is split between a number of private trust structures. 
The Issuer has no subsidiaries. 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since the date 
of its incorporation. Save for the issue of Notes and their related arrangements contemplated in this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer has no borrowings or indebtedness in the nature of borrowing and no contingent 
liabilities or guarantees.  
 
Business 
The principal objects of the Issuer are, according to Art 3 of its Articles of Association the issuance of financial 
instruments such as (but not limited to) the Notes; the acquisition, administration and sale of participations 
in other entities (including service companies and / or manufacturing companies) in Liechtenstein and abroad; 
to act as holding company; acquisition, management and sale of real estate and other tangible assets of all 
kind in Liechtenstein and abroad; commercial transactions of all kind for ownd and third-party account in 
Liechtenstein and abroad; processing of financial and legal transactions of all kind in context with the 
management of the company or useful for its purposes. The Issuer must not perform activities which are

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
subject to a licensing requirement on the basis of specific legal acts and which require a license from the 
Liechtenstein Financial Markets Authority. 
The assets of the Issuer will consist solely of the Series Assets and the issued and paid-up capital of the 
Issuer and fees. The only assets of the Issuer available to meet claims of Noteholders and other secured 
creditors of the Issuer are the Series Assets, which are pledged to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the 
Noteholders of a specific Series of Notes. The Issuer will be paid a fee for agreeing to issue the relevant 
Notes. Other than the fees paid to the Issuer, its share capital and any income derived therefrom, there is no 
intention that the Issuer accumulates surpluses. Based on a cost transfer agreement between the Issuer and 
Van Eck (Europe) GmbH, the latter will bear the costs related to the establishment and ongoing maintainance 
of the Issuer as well as the costs of this Issue. 
The Notes of each Series are direct, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer alone and not of the 
shareholders, officers, members, directors, employees of the Issuer or any Series Party, any Noteholders or 
any obligor in respect of any Series Assets. Furthermore, they are not obligations of, or guaranteed in any 
way by, any of the other Series Parties. 
The Issuer will solely issue, market and distribute the securities issued under this programme. Marketing and 
distribution activities will be conducted by third parties engaged by the Issuer. For this purpose the Issuer will 
enter into distribution agreements and placement agreements with affiliated entities of the Issuer as well as 
third parties.  
The Issuer will also conduct distribution and marketing activities (through third parties acting on the basis of 
distribution and placement agreements with the Issuer) in other countries subject to the applicable local 
marketing and private placement regimes.  
 
Directors 
The members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer (Verwaltungsrat) and their respective principal 
occupations are: 
1.  Gijsbert Koning 
Mr. Koning is the Head of Operations at VanEck Asset Management B.V., having its registered office at 
Barbara Strozilaan 310, 1083 HN, Amsterdam, Netherlands. VanEck Asset Management B.V. is a UCITS 
mangement company authorized by the Dutch regulator.  
2. Torsten Hunke 
Mr. Hunke is Managing Directors of VanEck (Europe) GmbH and Head of Legal and Compliance for VanEck 
in Europe.  
3. Alexander Baker 
Alexander Baker is trust officer at Griffin Trust AG, a Liechtenstein trust service provider. 
 
4. Arno Sprenger 
Arno Sprenger is trust officer at Griffin Trust AG, a Liechtenstein trust service provide. 
 
Conflicts of Interest  
The Issuer is a 100 % subsidiary of VanEck (Europe) GmbH, which at the same time serves as the Arranger 
& Calculation Agent and Collateral Agent in the course of this Programme. 
Two of the four members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer are employees of affiliates of Van Eck 
Associates Corporation in Europe and might therefore be subject to conflicts of interest: 
Mr. Torsten Hunke is also acting as director of the Arranger & Calculation Agent VanEck (Europe) GmbH, 
which serves as Collateral Agent. 
Mr. Gijsbert Koning is also acting as the managing director of VanEck Asset Management B.V., a subsidiary 
of Van Eck Associates Corporation.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
However, these members of the Board of Directors are subject to the global and local conflict of interest 
policies and procedures of Van Eck Associates Corporation. This includes the code of ethics and the policies 
on gifts and entertainment, personal trading, outside activity, AML and outsourcing. 
Furthermore, proper and ethical business operations free of conflicts of interest, which could be to the 
disadvantage of Noteholders, are safeguarded by the Liechtenstein board member, Mr. Alexander Baker, 
who is independent from and does not have any interests in any of the entities of the VanEck Group (other 
than the Issuer). 
Apart therefrom, there are currently no conflicts of interest between the members of the board of directors of 
the Issuer and the private interests of the directors.  
Financial Statements 
The Issuer will publish audited financial statements on an annual basis. The financial year of the Issuer will 
end on 31 December in each year.  
The Issuer has set up audited Financial Statements as per 31.12.2020 which have been established in 
accordance with the accounting standards according to IFRS and PGR:  
The Financial Statements are attached to this prospectus on page 102.  
There are no known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably likely to 
have a material effect on the Issuer’s prospects for at least the current financial year and there have been 
no recent significant changes in the Issuer’s financial position. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are AAC Revision & Treuhand AG of Landstrasse 123, 9495 Triesen, Liechtenstein, 
who are chartered accountants qualified to practise in Liechtenstein and members of the Liechtenstein 
Association of Chartered Accountants. 
Audited financial statements prepared by the Issuer (which will, in each case, be in respect of the period 
ending on 31 December of the relevant year) can be obtained by Noteholders from the registered office of 
the Issuer and are also available for inspection at the Liechtenstein Company Register Office. Accounts will 
be established and audited in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). 
Capitalisation 
The following table sets out the audited capitalisation of the Issuer as of 31.12.2020:

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
 
 
USD 
USD 
Non-current assets 
 
 
Investments in intangible assets 
 
21'236’009 
Current Assets 
 
 
Debtors and prepayments 
14’073 
 
Cash and bank balances 
71’654 
 
 
 
85’7278 
Total Assets 
 
USD 
21'321’736 
 
 
 
Capital and reserves 
 
 
Ordinary Shares USD 1 
50’000 
 
Capital contributions reserve 
61’173 
 
Retained earnings 
(4'960'697) 
 
Other comprehensive income 
4'910’961 
 
 
 
 
Current liabilities 
 
 
Provision for taxation 
2‘035 
 
Creditors and accruals 
36’851 
 
Non-current liabilities 
 
 
Borrowing 
 
21'221’413 
 
 
21'221’413 
Total 
equity 
and 
liabilities 
 
21'321’736 
 
 
 
Annual 
General 
Meeting: 
The Issuer will hold at least one 
annual general meeting each year 
within 6 months from the date of 
closure of the business year.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
THE ARRANGER AND CALCULATION AGENT  
The information set out in this section of this Base Prospectus headed "The Arranger and Calculation Agent" 
has been obtained from VanEck (Europe) GmbH. Such information has been accurately reproduced and, as 
far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by VanEck (Europe) GmbH, no 
facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Delivery of 
this Base Prospectus shall not create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of VanEck 
(Europe) GmbH since the date hereof, or that the information contained or referred to in this section is correct 
as of any time subsequent to its date. 
General 
VanEck (Europe) GmbH was incorporated in Frankfurt am Main, Germany on 6 March 2009 as a Gesellschaft 
mit beschränkter Haftung (limited liability company) and is validly existing under the Local Court of Frankfurt 
am Main, Germany (with registered number HRB 85306). The LEI of the Arranger and Calculation Agent ist 
254900T3EPF7PNF9PI15.     
VanEck (Europe) GmbH is a wholly owned subsidiary of Van Eck Associates Corporation. 
The registered office of VanEck (Europe) GmbH is at Kreuznacher Str. 30, 60486 Frankfurt, Germany. 
Management 
The Directors of VanEck (Europe) GmbH are: 
 
Mr. Torsten Hunke, Managing Director 
Business 
The principal activity of VanEck (Europe) GmbH mainly comprises in supporting VanEck’s subsidiaries and 
in marketing and sales support of VanEck’s UCITS. 
The Notes are obligations of the Issuer alone and not of VanEck (Europe) GmbH.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
THE COLLATERAL AGENT  
 
The information set out in this section of this Base Prospectus headed "The Collateral Agent" has been 
obtained from VanEck (Europe) GmbH. Such information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the 
Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by VanEck (Europe) GmbH, no facts have 
been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Delivery of this Base 
Prospectus shall not create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of VanEck (Europe) 
GmbH since the date hereof, or that the information contained or referred to in this section is correct as of 
any time subsequent to its date. 
General 
VanEck (Europe) GmbH was incorporated in Frankfurt am Main, Germany on 6 March 2009 as a Gesellschaft 
mit beschränkter Haftung (limited liability company) and is validly existing under the Local Court of Frankfurt 
am Main, Germany (with registered number HRB 85306).    
VanEck (Europe) GmbH is a wholly owned subsidiary of Van Eck Associates Corporation. 
The registered office of VanEck (Europe) GmbH is at Kreuznacher Str. 30, 60486 Frankfurt, Germany. 
Management 
The Directors of VanEck (Europe) GmbH are: 
 
Mr. Torsten Hunke, Managing Director 
Business 
The principal activity of VanEck (Europe) GmbH mainly comprises in supporting VanEck’s subsidiaries and 
in marketing and sales support of VanEck’s UCITS. 
The Notes are obligations of the Issuer alone and not of VanEck (Europe) GmbH.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
THE CUSTODIAN 
The information set out in this section of this Base Prospectus headed "The Custodian" has been obtained 
from Bank Frick & Co AG. Such information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is 
aware and able to ascertain from information published by Bank Frick & Co AG, no facts have been omitted 
that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Delivery of this Base Prospectus 
shall not create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of Bank Frick & Co AG since the 
date hereof, or that the information contained or referred to in this section is correct as of any time subsequent 
to its date. 
Bank Frick & Co AG is a Liechtenstein licensed bank which has been established in the legal form of a society 
limited by shares on 21.12.1998 and registered in the Liechtenstein Company Register with register number 
FL-0001.548.501-4. The domicile of the Custodian is at Landstrasse 14, 9496 Balzers, Principality of 
Liechtenstein. 
Bank Frick is an enterprising bank which offers a range of services designed for financial intermediaries. The 
Bank has a wealth of expertise in the area of tailored fund solutions and specialises in cutting-edge 
blockchain banking services. With a comprehensive product palette, Bank Frick provides a broad range of 
services. 
The Board of Directors of the banks is formed by Dr. Mario Frick, Roland Frick, Rolf Jermann, Herman Kotzé 
and Michael Kramer, the managing directors of Bank Frick & Co AG are Edi Wögerer, Michael Dolzer and 
Melanie Mündle. 
Further information on the bank can be found on its website www.bankfrick.li. Neither this website nor its 
contents do form part of this Prospectus.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
AUTHORISED PARTICIPANTS 
The information set out in this section of this Base Prospectus headed "Authorised Participants" has been 
obtained from the Authorised Participants mentioned below. Such information has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published bythe 
Authorised Participants, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. Delivery of this Base Prospectus shall not create any implication that there has been no 
change in the affairs of the Authorised Participants since the date hereof, or that the information contained 
or referred to in this section is correct as of any time subsequent to its date. 
 
As per the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer has entered into Authorised Participant Agreements with the 
following Authorised Participants: 
 
Flow Traders is a leading global technology-enabled liquidity provider, specialized in Exchange Traded 
Products (ETPs).   Flow Traders has offices and trading desks in Europe, the United States and Asia and 
provides liquidity across all major exchanges, globally. 
 
Jane Street is a quantitative trading firm with a unique focus on technology and collaborative problem solving. 
With offices in New York, London, Hong Kong, and Amsterdam, Jane Street is a trading firm that operates 
around the clock and around the globe, trading a wide range of financial products, including: ETFs, Equities, 
Futures, Commodities, Options, Bonds, and Currencies. 
 
Further Authorised Participants will be published on the Issuer’s Website.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
TAX WARNING 
It is recommended that prospective investors consult their own professional advisers concerning the possible 
tax consequences of buying, holding or selling any Notes under the applicable laws of their country of 
citizenship, residence or domicile. Investors should be aware that the tax legislation of the investor’s domicile 
as well as the Issuer’s country of incorporation (Liechtenstein) may have an impact on the income received 
from the securities.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Only Authorised Participants may subscribe for Notes from the Issuer, acting as principals in respect of such 
subscriptions.  
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by agreement between the Issuer and the Authorised Participants 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Final 
Terms issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
None of the Issuer or any Authorised Participant represents that the Notes may at any time lawfully be sold 
in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Each Authorised Participant agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that it will, to the best 
of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any 
other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Authorised Participant shall 
have responsibility therefor. 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, as amended, or the securities 
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, or with any securities regulatory authority of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States and the Issuer has not and will not be registered under the 
Investment Company Act. Notes may not be legally or beneficially owned by any U.S. person at any time nor 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and 
regulations thereunder. 
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement, and 
each further Authorised Participant appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered or sold and will not offer and sell Notes at any time, directly or indirectly, within the 
United States or its possessions or for the account or benefit of (i) a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"), (ii) a "U.S. person" as defined in the Interpretive Guidance and 
Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations promulgated by the U.S. Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") pursuant to the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, 
as amended, (iii) a person other than a "Non-United States person" as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7, or (iv) a 
"United States person" as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. Treasury 
regulations promulgated thereunder, in each case, as such definition may be amended, modified or 
supplemented from time to time. Each Authorised Participant has further represented and agreed that it has 
not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes except in accordance with Rule 903 
of Regulation S under the Securities Act, and that none of it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their 
behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to such Notes, and it and they 
have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. In addition, until 40 
days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer 
(whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Offering materials for the offering of the Notes have not been filed with or approved or disapproved by the 
United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other state or federal regulatory authority, nor 
has any such regulatory authority passed upon or endorsed the merits of this offering or passed upon the 
accuracy or completeness of any offering materials. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
European Economic Area 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area which has implemented the Prospectus 
Regulation (each, a “Relevant Member State”), each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the 
relevant Authorised Participant Agreement, and each further Authorised Participant appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that with effect from and including the date on which the 
Prospectus Regulation is applicable in that Relevant Member State (the “Relevant implementation Date”) 
it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms to the public in that Relevant Member State, 
except that it may, with effect from and including the Relevant Implementation Date, make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in that Relevant Member State: 
(i) 
if the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made by the 
Authorised Participant(s) other than pursuant to Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant 
Member State (a “Non-exempt Offer”), following the date of publication of the Base Prospectus in relation 
to such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in that 
Relevant Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final 
terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period (if 
any) beginning and ending on the dates (if any) specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and 
the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(ii) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Authorised Participant or 
Authorised Participants nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (ii) to (iv) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Authorised Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a base 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of the provision above, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes, as the same may be varied in that Member State by any measure 
implementing the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State, the expression “Prospectus Regulation” 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (incl. delegated acts such as Commission Delegated Regulations (EU) 
2019/979 and 2019/989) , and includes any relevant implementing measure in the Relevant Member State. 
United Kingdom 
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the Authorised Participant Agreement, and each 
further Authorised Participant appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by 
it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the 
establishment of the Programme. The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors passed on 22 September 2020. 
2. 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial or trading 
position of the Issuer and no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 
its incorporation. 
3. 
The Issuer is not nor has it been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) since its incorporation 
which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on its financial position or profitability. 
4. 
Notes may be accepted for clearance through any Relevant Clearing System including Euroclear and 
Clearstream Banking Frankfurt systems (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The 
Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the 
identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
5. 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
6. 
Each Series of Notes that is to be listed and admitted to trading on a stock exchange and regulated or 
unregulated market within the EEA or abroad for certain Series of Notes issued on the basis of this Base 
Prospectus will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of Notes initially 
representing the Notes of such Series. The approval by the FMA of this Base Prospectus in respect of the 
Notes was granted on 28 September 2020. 
7. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes to be issued in each Series will be determined, before 
filing of the relevant Final Terms of each Series, based on then prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does 
not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any of the Indices or issues of Notes. 
8. 
For so long as Notes remain outstanding, the following documents will be available, during usual business 
hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), for inspection at the registered 
office of the Issuer and at the registered office of the Collateral Agent in printed form: 
(A) 
the Issuer’s memorandum of association & Company Register Extracts;  
(B) 
the Issuer’s audited balance sheets as per the end of a financial year; 
(C) 
the CA Pledge Agreement relating to each Series of Notes; 
(D) 
the Custody Agreement relating to each Series of Notes;  
(E) 
the Final Terms in respect of each Series of Notes.  
 
The documents (A), (B) and (E) can further be inspected and downloaded at any time at the website of the 
Issuer at www.vaneck.com. 
 
9. 
AAC Revision & Treuhand AG audits the accounts of the Issuer. AAC Revision & Treuhand AG has no 
material interest in the Issuer. AAC Revision & Treuhand AG is a member of the Liechtenstein Association 
of Chartered Accountants. 
10. 
The expenses relating to the establishment of this Base Prospectus and the admission to trading of each 
Series will be borne by VanEck (Europe) GmbH on the basis of a cost transfer agreement with the Issuer. 
11. 
Any website mentioned in this Base Prospectus or the contents thereof does not form part of the prospectus 
prepared for the purpose of seeking approval by the Liechtenstein FMA.

--- Page 102 ---
102

--- Page 103 ---
103

--- Page 104 ---
104

--- Page 105 ---
105

--- Page 106 ---
106

--- Page 107 ---
107

--- Page 108 ---
108

--- Page 109 ---
109

--- Page 110 ---
110

--- Page 111 ---
111

--- Page 112 ---
112

--- Page 113 ---
113

--- Page 114 ---
114

--- Page 115 ---
115

--- Page 116 ---
116

--- Page 117 ---
117