--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS  
VASAKRONAN AB (PUBL) 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Sweden) 
EUR6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under this EUR6,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Vasakronan AB 
(publ) (the Issuer) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between 
the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below).  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the CBI), as competent authority 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 the (EU Prospectus Regulation).  The CBI only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an 
endorsement on the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  Such approval relates only to the Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European 
Economic Area (the EEA).  The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes 
of MiFID II.   
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented at the relevant time, as applicable) is valid for a period of twelve 
months from the date of approval. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant 
new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer 
valid. Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext 
Dublin) for the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the Official List) and to trading on its regulated market. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) on Euronext Dublin shall 
mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on its regulated market. VPS Notes 
(as defined below) may be listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange's regulated market and, in this case, listed (and 
all related references) shall be construed accordingly. This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for 
the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or 
quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. Any website referred to in this document does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CBI. 
Notes may be issued in bearer form, registered form or uncertificated book entry form cleared through the 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) 
(Euronext VPS) (respectively Bearer Notes, Registered Notes and VPS Notes).  The maximum aggregate 
nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
EUR6,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated in accordance with the provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the 
Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each

--- Page 2 ---
a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  
References in this Base Prospectus to the Relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or 
intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
The Programme has been rated (P)A3 by Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) AB (Moody's).  Moody's is 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the EU CRA 
Regulation). As such, Moody's is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Moody's is not established in the United 
Kingdom (UK). Accordingly the Programme rating issued by Moody's has been endorsed by Moody’s 
Investors Service Ltd in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation) and has not 
been withdrawn. As such, the rating issued by Moody's may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated by Moody’s. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be 
the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by the relevant rating agency. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  The principal risk factors that may 
affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" 
below. 
Arranger 
CITIGROUP 
Dealers 
BARCLAYS 
BNP PARIBAS 
CITIGROUP 
DANSKE BANK 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
DNB BANK ASA  
HANDELSBANKEN CAPITAL MARKETS 
NORDEA 
SEB 
SWEDBANK 
26 April 2022

--- Page 3 ---
1 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, to 
the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.  Any information sourced from third parties 
contained in this Base Prospectus has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the Conditions) as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final 
terms (the Final Terms) or as supplemented in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the Drawdown 
Prospectus) as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. 
Product Governance under MiFID II 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules.  
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
Product Governance under UK MiFIR  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be 
a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA).  For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1)

--- Page 4 ---
2 
 
 
of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (Insurance Distribution 
Directive) , where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of 
Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms.  In the case of a Tranche of 
Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information 
being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires 
otherwise. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base Prospectus 
contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) 
material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material 
respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not 
misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary 
to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, 
offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been 
made to verify the foregoing.  
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Information 
incorporated by reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised by the CBI. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, 
such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, or any 
Dealer.

--- Page 5 ---
3 
 
 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or accepts any responsibility 
for any act or omission of the Issuer or any other person in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes 
under the Programme.  Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale 
or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve 
any adverse change, in the prospects or financial position or performance of the Issuer since the date thereof 
or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which 
it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds 
None of the Dealers accept any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability assessment of 
any Notes issued as Green Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes 
will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green" or similar labels. None of the 
Dealers are responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor the impact or 
monitoring of such use of proceeds. The Issuer published its green finance framework in August 2018 (the 
Green Finance Framework) and the Centre for International Climate Research (CICERO) (a provider of 
independent reviews of green bonds) has evaluated the Green Finance Framework and issued a second-party 
opinion on the Green Finance Framework (the Second Party Opinion) confirming that these align with the 
Green Bond Principles established by the International Capital Markets Association (2018 edition) and 
providing a "dark green" shading. Both the Green Finance Framework and the Second Party Opinion can be 
obtained at the Issuer's website at https://vasakronan.se/en/about-vasakronan/financial-information/green-
financing/#collapse-1-2-1-301aad95-047b-489c-b36a-667d5b3f4500. The Second Party Opinion provides an 
opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended to address any credit, market 
or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without limitation market price, marketability, 
investor preference or suitability of any security. The Second Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a 
statement of fact.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the 
Green Finance Framework, the Second Party Opinion or any other such opinion or certification of any third 
party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any 
Notes and in particular with any Green Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other 
criteria. The Second Party Opinion is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes. No representation or assurance is given by the 
Issuer or the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any opinion or 
certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds. As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein. None of the Green 
Finance Framework, the Second Party Opinion nor any other such opinion or certification forms part of, or is 
incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus. In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, 
listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange 
or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers or the Issuer that such listing or 
admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any 
such restrictions.  For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the

--- Page 6 ---
4 
 
 
distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, 
see "Subscription and Sale".  In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the Securities Act) and may include Bearer Notes (as defined 
herein) that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be 
offered, sold or, in the case of Bearer Notes, delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of 
them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes.  
Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation 
and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances.  In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained (or incorporated by reference) in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus), as the case may be, in respect of any 
Notes and solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the SFA, 
the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA) 
that all Notes to be issued under the Programme should be "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined 
in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore). 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed EUR6,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be 
translated into euros at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes) calculated in accordance with the

--- Page 7 ---
5 
 
 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement.  The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance 
with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a Member State are references to a Member 
State of the EEA, references to the UK are references to the United Kingdom, references to EUR or euro are 
to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as 
defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as 
amended and references to SEK or Swedish krona are to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Sweden. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals 
in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English.  Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes 
already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be 
(1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by 
a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, 
(2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or (3) provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation.  
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, 
(2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, or (3) provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.   
Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates.  Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as 
amended, the Benchmarks Regulation).  If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the 
Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation.  Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks 
Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the

--- Page 8 ---
6 
 
 
register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms.  The registration status of any 
administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration 
status of the administrator. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 9 ---
7 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
 
Important Notices ............................................................................................................................................... 1 
Overview of the Programme .............................................................................................................................. 8 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 13 
Information Incorporated by Reference ........................................................................................................... 26 
Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses........................................................................................................ 28 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 29 
Form of Final Terms ......................................................................................................................................... 69 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................................ 82 
Forms of the Notes ........................................................................................................................................... 83 
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form .............................................................. 90 
Description of the Issuer ................................................................................................................................... 93 
Alternative Performance Measures ................................................................................................................ 122 
Board of Directors and Senior Management .................................................................................................. 124 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 127 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 131 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 137

--- Page 10 ---
8 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is a general description of the Programme, must be read as an introduction to this 
Base Prospectus, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and in relation to 
the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  Words and 
expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meaning in this overview unless 
otherwise defined herein. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
 
Issuer: 
Vasakronan AB (publ) 
Arranger: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG, Danske Bank A/S, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, DNB 
Bank ASA, Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ), Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ) and 
any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular 
Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal Agent: 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Issuing and Paying Agent 
and Transfer Agent: 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Registrar: 
Citibank Europe plc 
VPS Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS 
VPS Agent: 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Oslo Branch 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (a) pursuant to 
this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or (b) pursuant to a 
Drawdown Prospectus.  The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes will be the Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, as amended and/or replaced 
by the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
Listing and Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under 
the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin.   
Application may be made to list VPS Notes and admit the VPS Notes to 
trading on the regulated market of the Oslo Stock Exchange. Any such 
applications will be in accordance with applicable laws and regulations 
governing the listing of VPS Notes on the Oslo Stock Exchange from 
time to time. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they 
will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent

--- Page 11 ---
9 
 
 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed 
with the Issuer. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether the relevant Notes are to 
be VPS Notes or not and whether such Notes are to be listed and/or 
admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg and together with Euroclear, the ICSDs) 
and/or Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) 
(Euronext VPS) and/or, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, any other 
clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to EUR6,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time.  The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of 
the Dealer Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series.  Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates.  The Notes of each Series will 
all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and the amount 
of the first payment of interest may be different in respect of different 
Tranches.  The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to identical terms 
in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different 
denominations. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in bearer form, in registered form or, in the case of 
VPS Notes, uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form, in each 
case as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Each Global Note which is not 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a Classic Global Note or 
CGN), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a common depositary 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in 
new global note form (a New Global Note or NGN), as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue 
date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.  Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, for 
Definitive Notes.  If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership will be a condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in 
a Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest in respect 
of a Temporary Global Note.  Each Permanent Global Note will be 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance with its terms.  
Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if 
appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons.

--- Page 12 ---
10 
 
 
 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either Individual 
Note Certificates or a Global Registered Note, in each case as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Each Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note will 
either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the new 
safekeeping structure (New Safekeeping Structure or NSS), registered 
in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the 
issue date with the common depositary; or (b) in the case of a Note to be 
held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of 
a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant 
Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with 
the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notes may be specified in the applicable Final Term as VPS Notes.  VPS 
Notes will be issued by the Issuer pursuant to a VPS Agency Agreement 
with Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Oslo Branch as VPS 
Agent and will be registered in uncertificated and dematerialised book 
entry form with Euronext VPS.  VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any 
physical note or document of title.  Entitlements to VPS Notes will be 
evidenced by the crediting of VPS Notes to accounts with Euronext VPS.  
VPS Notes will not be exchangeable for Notes in bearer or registered 
form and vice versa.  See also "Forms of the Notes" below. 
Security Identification 
Number(s): 
In respect of each Tranche of Notes, the relevant security identification 
number(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in euros or in any other currency or 
currencies, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements.  
Status of the Notes: 
Notes will be issued on an unsubordinated basis. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price.  The price and amount of Notes to be 
issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
Relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other redemption amount as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of: (a) 
the Issuer (either in whole or in part); (b) the Noteholders; or (c) the 
Noteholders upon a Change of Control, in each case to the extent (if at 
all) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early redemption 
will only be permitted for tax reasons, as described in Condition 9.2

--- Page 13 ---
11 
 
 
(Redemption for tax reasons), or if the aggregate principal amount of 
outstanding Notes of the relevant Series is 20 per cent. or less of the 
aggregate principal amount of such Series, as described in Condition 9.7 
(Clean-up Call Option). 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
If a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest (or any 
component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the 
original benchmark specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus, then such rate of interest may be substituted (subject to 
certain conditions) with a successor or alternative rate (with consequent 
amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and the application of an 
adjustment spread (which could be positive, negative or zero)) as 
described in Condition 7.8 (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing.  Interest (if any) 
may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the method of calculating 
interest may vary between the issue date and the maturity date of the 
relevant Series.  The terms and conditions also provide for additional 
fallbacks in the event that one or more benchmark rates used to determine 
the interest payable on the Notes is discontinued. 
Denominations: 
Notes issued under the Programme which are to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and/or admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any other listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system which is a regulated market situated or operating 
in a Member State and/or offered to the public in any Member State, in 
each case in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation, may not have a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency).  Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such denominations 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in 
Condition 5.1 (Covenants – Negative Pledge). 
Cross-Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross-default as described in 
Condition 14 (Events of Default). 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes by or on behalf 
of the Issuer will be made free and clear of withholding taxes of the 
Kingdom of Sweden, unless the withholding is required by law.  In that 
event, the Issuer will (subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments – 
Bearer Notes), Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes), Condition 
12 (Payments – VPS Notes) and Condition 13 (Taxation)) pay such 
additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving such 
amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes had no 
such withholding been required. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes will be governed by English law except that the registration of 
VPS Notes in Euronext VPS as well as the recording and transfer of 
ownership to, and other interests in, VPS Notes and Condition 18.3 (VPS 
Notes) will be governed by Norwegian law.

--- Page 14 ---
12 
 
 
The VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Central Securities 
Depositories Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 (the CSD Act) (in Norwegian: 
verdipapirsentralloven) which implements Regulation (EU) no. 
909/2014 (CSDR) into Norwegian law, any regulations passed under the 
CSD Act and the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS, in each case as 
amended or replaced from time to time.  The holders of VPS Notes will 
be entitled to the rights and subject to the obligations and liabilities which 
arise under the CSD Act and any related regulations and legislation.  
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United States of 
America, the EEA (including Belgium, the Kingdom of Sweden and the 
Kingdom of Norway), the UK, Japan and Singapore, see "Subscription 
and Sale" below.

--- Page 15 ---
13 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks.  Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective 
investors should carefully consider the risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business 
of the Issuer and the industry in which it operates together with all other information contained in this Base 
Prospectus, including, in particular, the risk factors described below.  Words and expressions defined in the 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in 
this section. 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of factors which individually or 
together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due.  It is not possible to identify all 
such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer may not be aware of all 
relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a 
result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus 
a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due.   
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT VASAKRONAN’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Industry and business-related risks 
Risks related to macroeconomic factors 
The property industry, including Vasakronan, is affected by macroeconomic factors such as general economic 
trends, growth, employment rates, the rate of production of new commercial premises, changes in 
infrastructure, population growth, inflation and interest rate levels. Global  macroeconomic  conditions  may 
also  be  adversely  affected,  for  example,  by  political tensions, acts of war and/or expansion of sanctions, 
in particular as a result of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine. The prolongation of geopolitical tensions, 
sanctions and political uncertainty could negatively impact economic growth, business operations and real 
estate markets. Growth in the economy affects the employment level, which is an important factor affecting 
the demand for properties and the ability of tenants to pay rent.  
Vasakronan may also be affected by public health epidemics or outbreaks of diseases that may negatively 
affect the global economy such as the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak which began in China in January 
2020. During 2020, 2021 and continuing into 2022, COVID-19 spread around the world, including Europe, 
resulting in a deterioration of the political, socio-economic and financial situation globally, including in 
Sweden. Subsequent waves of COVID-19 (including of new and more contagious strains of the virus) have 
been experienced across the world with many states enforcing further rounds of lockdown measures alongside 
increased border closures between nations.  The emergence and increasing dominance of strains which appear 
to cause less severe disease, as well as the roll outs of COVID-19 vaccines have raised hopes that it may be 
possible for the world to live with COVID-19 rather than attempt to contain or eliminate it. However, there 
can be no assurance that production of vaccines will be sufficient and there remains little certainty as to the 
prolonged effectiveness of such vaccines, particularly in the light of the mutation of the virus into new strains 
(including strains which are more virulent and/or dangerous) that existing vaccines may be less effective, or 
wholly ineffective, against. COVID-19 has, to date, had a limited effect on Vasakronan´s operations and 
financial condition since the outbreak of the virus in 2020, however, Vasakronan continues to monitor the 
impact which COVID-19 could have on its operations, the markets in which it operates and more broadly on 
the macro-economic outlook. The longer term direct and indirect impact of COVID-19 remains uncertain,

--- Page 16 ---
14 
 
 
however a prolongation of the COVID-19 pandemic could significantly negatively impact economic growth, 
business operations and real estate markets which could have a material adverse effect on Vasakronan’s results 
of operations and financial condition. 
Vasakronan’s revenue consists of rent payments for leased properties. The occupancy rate and rent levels for 
Vasakronan’s properties are influenced primarily by economic fluctuations, office employment1 and the supply 
of and demand for office and retail space. Vasakronan’s ability to ensure rent levels that are competitive and 
stable in the long-term, long leases and low vacancy rates depends, among other things, on the ability to adapt 
its properties to the changing needs of its tenants in terms of quality, functionality and size. 
A general downturn in the Swedish economy could cause changes to tenant expectations, lower market rent 
levels, higher vacancy rates, higher interest rates and increased costs, each of which may have a material 
adverse impact on Vasakronan’s operations, financial position and earnings.  
Variations in supply and demand in the property market could have a material adverse impact on 
Vasakronan’s business 
Supply and demand for properties, and therefore the yield on property investments, varies between different 
geographic markets and property categories, and can thus develop differently within such geographic markets 
and property categories. There is a risk that demand will fall and the property value will therefore decrease 
within those geographic markets and property categories in which Vasakronan operates. This may have a 
material adverse impact on Vasakronan’s operations, financial position and earnings. 
Competitive threats to Vasakronan’s business 
Vasakronan operates in a competitive industry. Vasakronan’s future ability to compete will depend, among 
other things, on Vasakronan’s ability to attract and retain tenants, to anticipate potential changes and trends in 
its market segments, and to react promptly to both current and future market needs. Vasakronan competes 
against a number of companies, which could gain market share at the expense of Vasakronan. For further 
information, see "Description of the Issuer – Market Share and overview of the market". Furthermore, 
Vasakronan's competitors may have more resources at their disposal and may have the capacity to better 
withstand market downturns, to compete more successfully, to better retain skilled personnel, and to respond 
more rapidly to evolving tenant needs. Accordingly, Vasakronan may be forced to make costly investments, 
restructurings or price reductions in order to adapt to a changed competitive situation, for example through the 
renegotiation of lease terms. There is a risk that Vasakronan will not be able to successfully counteract the 
effects of competition. If Vasakronan is unable to successfully compete, this failure may materially impact on 
rent levels and vacancy rates, and Vasakronan's revenues could decline, which in turn may have a material 
adverse impact on its operations, financial position and earnings.  
Vasakronan’s income is dependent on tenants meeting their rental obligations  
Vasakronan’s income primarily comprises rental income from its properties. There is a risk that Vasakronan’s 
major tenants will not renew or extend their leases as they expire. There is also a risk that it will not be possible 
to find new tenants, or that new tenants will not pay the same rents as the previous tenants, which may result 
in a higher vacancy rate and lower rental income. Although tenants are subject to a credit 
assessment/evaluation, there is a risk of tenants failing to pay rent or otherwise failing to perform their 
obligations to Vasakronan. If this occurs, it may lead to lower rental income and debt write-offs. If tenants fail 
to perform their obligations at all, for example in the event of bankruptcy, or only perform them after debt 
collection measures have been taken, this may also result in an increased vacancy rate, with lower rental 
income and thus property values as a consequence. If tenants fail to renew or extend their leases as they expire, 
or fail to pay agreed rents on time or otherwise fail to perform their obligations, this may have a material 
adverse impact on Vasakronan’s operations, financial position and earnings.  
                                                     
1 Number of people employed in office-intensive industries.

--- Page 17 ---
15 
 
 
Increasing operating, maintenance and administrative costs may affect Vasakronan’s financial position 
Vasakronan’s operating expenses mainly comprise tariff-based costs such as costs for heating, electricity, 
water and waste. There are a limited number of suppliers in respect of some of these utilities and services, 
which could result in an increased cost to Vasakronan. Furthermore, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine 
could lead to higher energy prices in Europe. Notwithstanding that most of Vasakronan’s leases are structured 
so that the tenant defrays most of these costs, there may be a material adverse impact on Vasakronan’s 
operations, financial position and earnings to the extent that it is not possible to increase rents to cover any 
increased costs incurred by Vasakronan.  
Measures aimed at maintaining the standard of Vasakronan’s properties in the long-term or maintaining and/or 
modernising properties require maintenance and renovation expenditure. Such expenditure as is necessary to 
satisfy market requirements, ensure a high-level of operational reliability or fulfil legal requirements may be 
significant and unforeseen. There is a risk that, in respect of large-scale operating expenses, maintenance or 
renovation work, it may not be possible to pass on the associated costs to Vasakronan’s tenants through 
increased rents. This may have a material adverse impact on Vasakronan’s operations, financial position and 
earnings. 
Property valuation relies on factors, which are subject to change 
Vasakronan is exposed to changes in the market value of its property portfolio. Vasakronan reports its property 
holdings at fair value in accordance with IAS 40, "Investment Property", and the book value in respect of the 
properties owned by Vasakronan and its subsidiaries (together, the Group) corresponds to their assessed fair 
value. Vasakronan uses an internal valuation process to assess the market value of its properties. In addition 
to this internal valuation, external valuation is also carried out twice a year by an independent firm of 
appraisers. The valuation of Vasakronan's properties is affected by a number of factors, such as market supply 
and demand, vacancy rates, rent levels, operating expenses, yield, residual value, general economic trends, 
interest rates and inflation. Whilst the liquidity of such properties has increased over recent years, there is no 
guarantee that there will be a market for such properties going forward. There is a risk that changes in respect 
of such factors may have a negative effect on property values. This could have a material adverse impact on 
Vasakronan’s credit rating, financial position and earnings. 
Property transactions involve uncertainties which could adversely impact Vasakronan’s business 
The purchase and sale of property represent an important part of Vasakronan’s day-to-day business operations 
and are part of Vasakronan's growth strategy for the future. All property investments are associated with 
uncertainty and assumptions. Uncertainty relating to the market’s yield requirement and hence the property 
value, future vacancies, tenant ability to pay, environmental conditions and technical defects are inherent in 
property transactions. In addition, companies that own or acquire property or property companies are exposed 
to latent risks in properties or companies that are acquired, either because of a lack of information or due to 
erroneous assumptions. For example, tenants may be lost, the accounts of an acquired company may not be 
accurate and/or a company or property may be the subject of unforeseen environmental or tax claims, which 
could have an adverse impact on the value of the company or property being acquired. 
Pursuant to sales agreements entered into by Vasakronan, the purchaser may make warranty claims against 
Vasakronan. There is a risk that any claims in the future may have a material adverse impact on Vasakronan’s 
business, financial position and earnings. Conversely, when Vasakronan is the purchaser there is a risk that 
the possibility of obtaining compensation in the case of a warranty claim will be limited if an acquisition was 
made from a counterpart which is, or will be, in financial difficulties or if there is a cap in respect of the amount 
of compensation that may be claimed – this may contribute to increased uncertainty and increased costs for 
Vasakronan, which in turn may have a material adverse impact on its operations, financial position and 
earnings. 
Project development poses risks to Vasakronan

--- Page 18 ---
16 
 
 
The construction, refurbishment and extension of properties constitute a part of Vasakronan’s regular business 
operations. The ability to successfully complete different kinds of projects in an economically efficient manner 
depends on a number of factors, including among other things, the governance and monitoring of the project, 
the ability to retain and recruit personnel with necessary competence, the ability to obtain necessary permits 
and decisions from authorities and the market conditions at the time of completion of the project.  
Major projects involve significant investments, which could have an adverse impact on profitability if the 
existing tenants fail to perform their obligation to pay rent, Vasakronan fails to let the premises upon 
completion of a project or if the demand or price of properties generally changes during the course of a project. 
Furthermore, although Vasakronan monitors development projects closely, projects may be delayed, become 
more expensive or the quality may not be as expected, which may result in increased costs or reduced income. 
If any of the risks set out above materialises, it could have a material adverse impact on Vasakronan´s 
operations, financial position and earnings. 
Loss of key personnel may undermine Vasakronan’s operations 
Vasakronan’s business is dependent on experienced employees that possess relevant skills. Such key 
individuals include the Group's senior executives as well as many of its employees. There may be a risk that, 
over time, Vasakronan is unable to retain or recruit qualified personnel to the desired extent. Any disruption 
caused by the departure of one or more key individuals may have a material adverse impact on Vasakronan’s 
operations, financial position and earnings. 
Vasakronan could incur losses not covered by, or exceeding the coverage limits of, its insurance 
Vasakronan’s management believes that its risks are covered by appropriate insurance coverage in line with 
market practice. Vasakronan has insurance policies, for example, in respect of property, business interruption 
and liability for damages. However, the actual losses suffered by Vasakronan could exceed its insurance 
coverage and could be material. The realisation of one or more damaging events for which Vasakronan has no 
insurance coverage or for which Vasakronan’s insurance coverage is insufficient could have a material adverse 
effect on Vasakronan’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Brand and reputation risk  
Vasakronan's brand is of significant importance to its operations and Vasakronan is, among other things, 
strongly associated with its work on sustainability. If Vasakronan suffers from negative publicity relating to 
its operations and/or its sustainability work there is a risk that Vasakronan’s brand will be damaged. This may 
lead to customers or partners leaving Vasakronan and, since much of Vasakronan’s funding is linked to 
sustainability targets, Vasakronan’s cost of funding may increase which may have an adverse impact on its 
business, financial position and profit.   
The increase in online retail may have an adverse effect on traditional high street retailers and decrease 
demand for commercial retail premises 
The retail industry continues to transform as online retail grows and consumers increasingly shop online. The 
growth of online retail affects customer behaviour and has an impact on the demand for commercial retail 
premises from new and existing tenants. The increasing competition from online retail may also have an impact 
in respect of the nature and quality of retail premises businesses require and property owners may therefore 
need to invest more to refurbish and upgrade retail stores, which could lead to higher pressure on margins. 
Retailers and property owners, such as Vasakronan, will need to adapt their services and tenant offerings to 
meet changing consumer behaviour and demands to continue to attract customers. A significant increase in 
online retail could decrease the demand for commercial retail premises, which could have a material adverse 
effect on Vasakronan's business, results of operations, and financial condition.

--- Page 19 ---
17 
 
 
Business disruptions, operational shortcomings, system failures and internal deficiencies may expose 
Vasakronan to operating risk  
Operational risk is the risk of incurring losses due to inadequate systems or policies relating to, among other 
things, internal control, IT systems, administration, competence development and access to reliable valuation 
and risk models. If Vasakronan’s systems or policies are not adequate, there is a risk that Vasakronan may 
incur losses, for example due to the fact that incorrect decisions are made or Vasakronan becomes unable to 
efficiently manage its ongoing operations, which could have a material adverse impact on Vasakronan´s 
operations, earnings and financial position. 
Vasakronan does not have exclusive decision-making rights over jointly-owned companies 
In addition to the Group’s wholly-owned subsidiaries, Vasakronan holds stakes in a number of companies. For 
example, Vasakronan holds 50 per cent. of the shares and voting rights in Järvastaden AB and Stora Ursvik 
KB, which are both project development companies. Vasakronan does not have exclusive decision-making 
rights over these companies and is not on its own able to ensure that investments or divestments of properties 
in these companies take place in accordance with Vasakronan’s requirements. There is a risk that property 
development in these companies will be carried out in a manner that is detrimental to Vasakronan, for example 
by incurring financial losses, which may have a negative impact on Vasakronan’s financial position and 
earnings. 
Interests of Vasakronan’s shareholders may conflict with those of the holders of the Notes 
The interests of Vasakronan´s shareholders, in certain circumstances, may conflict with those of the holders 
of the Notes, particularly if Vasakronan encounters financial difficulties or is unable to pay its debts when due. 
In addition, Vasakronan’s shareholders may have an interest in Vasakronan pursuing acquisitions, divestments, 
financings or other transactions that could enhance their equity investments, even though such transactions 
might involve risks to the holders of the Notes. Any of these actions could have an adverse effect on 
Vasakronan’s operations, financial position, earnings and future prospects.  
Vasakronan has a holding company structure in which its subsidiaries conduct its operations and own 
nearly all its properties 
Vasakronan has no significant assets other than equity interests in its subsidiaries. As a result, Vasakronan’s 
ability to make the payments required under the Notes depends on the performance of its subsidiaries and their 
ability to distribute funds to it. Such cash flows will depend on the business and financial condition of its 
subsidiaries. In addition, the ability of certain subsidiaries to pay dividends and distributions may be limited 
by applicable laws and any indebtedness those subsidiaries have incurred. Equally, if Vasakronan’s 
subsidiaries do not pay any dividends or distributions, or do so irregularly, the Group’s performance may be 
adversely affected.  
Further, Vasakronan’s right to receive proceeds from the liquidation of one of its subsidiaries will be 
structurally subordinated to the claims of other creditors of that subsidiary. In addition, even if Vasakronan is 
a creditor of any of its subsidiaries, its rights as a creditor would be subordinated to any existing security 
interest in the assets of such subsidiary which could result in Vasakronan's claims against the subsidiary being 
written down. A write down on claims in respect of a subsidiary may have a material adverse impact on 
Vasakronan’s operations, financial position and earnings. 
Legal risks 
Changes in legislation may adversely affect Vasakronan’s properties or results, increase its expenses and/or 
halt the development of projects 
Vasakronan must comply with a wide variety of laws, regulations and provisions, including urban planning 
regulations, requirements for construction and operating permits, health, safety, environmental, competition

--- Page 20 ---
18 
 
 
and labour laws, laws relating to rent levels and the rights of tenants, as well as corporate, accounting and tax 
laws. Any change in such laws, regulations and provisions or their interpretation could require Vasakronan to 
modify its business operations, assets or strategy, potentially having a negative impact on the value of its 
properties or its results, an increase in its expenses and/or even halting of the development of certain projects. 
In particular, requirements for energy efficiency have become more stringent in recent years, which results, 
among other things, in increased construction prices. Such a fall in the value of Vasakronan’s properties, 
increase in cost of, or interruption or cessation of, development of projects or additional costs incurred as a 
result of legislative changes may have a material adverse effect on Vasakronan’s operations, financial position 
and earnings.  
Vasakronan is subject to future possible change in tax laws and regulations 
Vasakronan’s operations are affected by the applicable corporation tax, value added tax and property tax rules 
in force from time to time in Sweden. This is also the case as regards other governmental and municipal charges 
and contributions. Notwithstanding that Vasakronan’s operations are conducted in accordance with 
Vasakronan’s interpretation of applicable laws and rules in respect of taxes, there is a risk that its interpretation 
is incorrect or that applicable tax laws and rules may be amended with possible retroactive effect resulting in 
additional unforeseen tax liabilities. In addition, future changes to applicable tax laws and rules may affect 
Vasakronan’s operations, financial position and earnings. 
Disputes and legal proceedings could have a material adverse effect on Vasakronan 
Vasakronan may incur costs as a consequence of conducting legal proceedings, settlement costs and costs in 
respect of awarded damages and other obligations which may be imposed on Vasakronan. Vasakronan and 
companies within the Group may, from time to time, become involved in disputes, similarly to other companies 
within Vasakronan’s industry, relating to contractual issues, warranty claims, alleged errors in the provision 
of services, environmental issues and intellectual property rights. Such disputes and claims may be time-
consuming, disrupt normal operations, detrimentally affect customer relations and result in significant costs 
and liabilities. In the event such disputes arise and Vasakronan is held liable in damages or enters into a 
settlement agreement, there is a risk that claims will not be covered in full by Vasakronan’s insurance. In 
addition, the outcome of complicated disputes may be difficult to predict. As such, potential disputes and legal 
proceedings brought against Vasakronan may have a material adverse impact on Vasakronan’s operations, 
financial position and earnings. 
Environmental risks 
Properties affect the environment through their construction, on-going maintenance and through the activities 
conducted within them. If environmental risk is not handled in an appropriate way it could have an adverse 
effect on Vasakronan’s business and results of operations. According to the Swedish Environmental Code 
(Miljöbalken (SFS 1998:808)), persons who pursue activities that have contributed to contamination are 
responsible for remedying any harm caused. In Vasakronan’s case, it would be its tenants who are pursuing 
such activities, unless contamination is contributed to by Vasakronan´s activities as landlord. Under the 
Swedish Environmental Code, however, if the person pursuing the activity is unable to carry out or defray the 
cost of redemption, the responsibility for the after-treatment is imposed on any party that has acquired the 
property on or after 1 January 1999 and, at the time of acquisition, was aware or should have been aware of 
the contamination. Accordingly, there is a risk that under certain circumstances claims may be brought against 
Vasakronan for the clean-up of contamination that has taken place, in order to restore properties to a condition 
that complies with the Swedish Environmental Code. In the event such liability is imposed on Vasakronan, it 
may have a material adverse impact on its operations, financial position and earnings. 
Global climate change is leading to higher temperatures, extreme weather conditions and raised water levels. 
For property companies, this means increased risk of property damage due to temporary flooding and 
buildings/material not coping with the new weather conditions or temperature changes. In addition, this is a 
long term risk for areas that are close to the sea. These conditions may have a material adverse impact on 
Vasakronan’s operations, financial position and earnings.

--- Page 21 ---
19 
 
 
Financial risks 
Fluctuations in market interest rates and loan margins may adversely affect Vasakronan’s business 
Vasakronan’s operations are primarily financed through equity and interest-bearing debts and interest expenses 
represent Vasakronan’s largest individual cost item. As a consequence, Vasakronan is exposed to the risk of 
changes in market interest rates and loan margins. This risk is also affected by the strategy Vasakronan chooses 
in respect of fixed–interest periods. A short-term fixed-interest maturity lowers interest expenses in the short 
term but can carry higher interest rate risk as this strategy is more sensitive to fluctuations in variable interest 
rates over time. Increased interest expenses may have a material adverse impact on Vasakronan’s operations, 
financial position and earnings. 
Changes in the value of financial derivative instruments may result in losses for Vasakronan 
Vasakronan has a large number of loans with short fixed-interest periods and uses interest rate derivatives 
(mainly interest rate swaps) as an element in the management of interest-rate risk. Interest rate derivatives are 
regularly reported at fair value in Vasakronan's balance sheet, with changes in value being reported in the 
income statement. In the event that market rates fall, the market value of Vasakronan’s interest rate derivatives 
will decrease, which may have a material adverse impact on Vasakronan’s operations, financial position and 
earnings. 
Vasakronan is exposed to credit and counterparty risk 
Vasakronan’s financing activities include, among other things, long and short-term loan agreements and 
interest rate derivatives, as well as the investment of liquidity surpluses through cash, time deposits in banks 
and investment in commercial paper. There is a risk that Vasakronan’s finance counterparties will fail to 
perform their financial obligations to Vasakronan, which may have a material adverse impact on Vasakronan’s 
operations, financial position and earnings. 
Vasakronan may not be able to refinance its existing loans on competitive terms or at all 
External borrowing accounts for a significant part of Vasakronan’s supply of capital. As these loans mature, 
they must be repaid, extended or renewed. The conditions for Vasakronan refinancing loan facilities as they 
expire depend on access to financing and Vasakronan’s financial position at the time of expiry. In the event 
that Vasakronan is unable to secure refinancing or can only obtain refinancing at substantially increased costs, 
this may have a material adverse impact on Vasakronan’s operations, financial position and earnings. 
Currency risk  
Vasakronan is exposed to currency risk, which may affect Vasakronan´s profits. Currency risk refers mainly 
to the risk that exchange rate fluctuations, arising from unhedged assets and liabilities in foreign currency, 
affect Vasakronan’s earnings. The Swedish krona is Vasakronan’s reporting currency but the Group also has 
expenses and liabilities in currencies other than the Swedish krona. Vasakronan´s currency exposure is limited 
to the euro, the Norwegian krone, the Australian dollar, the US dollar, the Hong Kong dollar and the Japanese 
yen. Fluctuations in the currencies to which Vasakronan is exposed may have a material adverse impact on 
Vasakronan’s operations, financial position and earnings.  
A change in the controlling ownership of Vasakronan could result in the requirement for Vasakronan to 
make repayments under the terms of its existing finance, including any Notes issued under the Programme, 
and adversely affect its ability to secure subsequent refinancing 
If one of more of Första AP-fonden, Andra AP-fonden, Tredje AP-fonden or Fjärde AP-fonden were to reduce 
their respective holdings in Vasakronan, this could result in control of Vasakronan passing to another 
shareholder. Such a change in controlling ownership could entail, among other things, a change in credit rating, 
and may trigger terms in loan agreements that result in the termination of such agreements or a need to

--- Page 22 ---
20 
 
 
renegotiate them. Such a provision is included in Vasakronan’s domestic MTN programme (the Domestic 
MTN Programme), commercial paper, the majority of loan agreements in place with lenders and this 
Programme (see Condition 9.6 (Change of Control Put Option)). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Vasakronan’s Domestic MTN Programme, commercial paper, certain loan agreements in place with lenders 
and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes issued under this Programme contain terms that could trigger early 
redemption if one or more of Första AP-fonden, Andra AP-fonden, Tredje AP-fonden or Fjärde AP-fonden 
cease, individually or jointly, directly or indirectly, to own shares representing at least 51 per cent. of the shares 
and the voting capital in Vasakronan. In the event of a change in controlling ownership, Vasakronan’s ability 
to secure refinancing may be adversely affected, which could indirectly affect the Group’s ownership of 
properties and therefore have a material adverse impact on the Group’s operations, earnings and financial 
position. 
Breach of financial covenants may lead to Vasakronan’s creditors accelerating its loans  
Vasakronan’s bank loan agreements usually include both financial and other covenants. Such covenants may, 
for example, relate to an interest-coverage ratio or loan volumes relative to the fair value of Vasakronan’s 
properties. As security for bank loans, Vasakronan may grant mortgages over certain properties or security 
interests in intragroup claims against subsidiaries, issue shares in its subsidiaries, partnerships or limited 
partnerships or issue demand guarantees.  
In the event that Vasakronan breaches its financial covenants in a loan agreement this may lead to the 
acceleration of loans or credit institutions having recourse to pledged assets, which may have a material 
adverse impact on Vasakronan’s operations, financial position and earnings.  
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Modification and waivers 
The Conditions of the Notes (and in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Trustee Agreement) contain provisions 
for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally.  These provisions 
permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that the Issuer and the VPS Trustee may agree to amend the VPS Trustee 
Agreement or the VPS Note Conditions or waive relevant rights thereunder without prior approval of the 
affected holders of VPS Notes provided that: 
(1) 
such amendment is not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the affected holders of VPS Notes in 
any material respect, or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes; or 
(2) 
such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, court ruling or a decision by a relevant 
authority. 
The VPS Trustee shall as soon as possible notify the holders of VPS Notes of any proposal to make such 
amendments, setting out the date from which the amendment will be effective, unless such notice obviously is 
unnecessary. 
Change of law 
The conditions of the Notes are governed by English law, except that the registration of VPS Notes in Euronext 
VPS as well as the recording and transfer of ownership to, and other interests in, VPS Notes and Condition 
18.3 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver – VPS Notes) will be governed by Norwegian law.

--- Page 23 ---
21 
 
 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law, 
Norwegian law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Enforceability of judgments  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the UK is not bound by any agreement, treaty or other instrument on 
mutual recognition and enforcement of judgments applicable in relation to the Notes with the EU or Sweden. 
As a result, a final judgment in civil or commercial matters relating to the Notes obtained in the courts of 
England against the Issuer will, in principle, neither be recognised nor enforceable in Sweden. However, if a 
Noteholder brings a new action in a competent court in Sweden, the final judgement rendered in an English 
court may be submitted to the Swedish court, but will only be regarded as evidence of the outcome of the 
dispute to which it relates, and the Swedish court has full discretion to rehear the dispute ab initio. Any retrial 
on a judgment’s merits could therefore significantly delay or prevent the enforcement by Noteholders of the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Notes.  
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples and definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a 
holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive 
Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal 
amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result 
of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his 
account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of 
such holding (should definitive Notes be printed or issued) and would need to purchase a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination.  If definitive bearer Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive bearer Notes 
which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade. 
In respect of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be 
suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to 
apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and/or activities 
that promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes (either in those words or otherwise) (Green 
Projects).  Prospective investors should have regard to the information in the relevant Final Terms regarding 
such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of 
any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary.  In 
particular no assurance is given by the Issuer that the use of such proceeds for any Green Projects will satisfy, 
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether 
by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability 
or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant Green Project).  Furthermore, 
it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor 
market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project or as to 
what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green" or "sustainable" or such 
other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop 
over time.  Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, 
or related to, any Green Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social

--- Page 24 ---
22 
 
 
and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related 
to, any Green Projects. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available 
in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Green Projects to fulfil any environmental, 
sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, 
nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, 
sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that such opinion 
was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for 
the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are 
not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or 
not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person that such listing or 
admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to 
comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green 
Projects.  Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may 
vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another.  Nor is any representation or assurance given or 
made by the Issuer or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect 
of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the 
life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Green Projects in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the relevant 
intended project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects will be capable of being 
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Green Projects.  Nor can there be any 
assurance that such Green Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results 
or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer.  
Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Green Projects as aforesaid and/or 
withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is 
not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or 
certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or 
securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also 
potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Green Projects and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally

--- Page 25 ---
23 
 
 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop (for example, Notes 
may be allocated to a limited pool of investors).  If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid.  Therefore, 
investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market.  This is particularly the case for Notes that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives 
or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors.  
These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities.  Illiquidity may have a material adverse effect on the market value of Notes.  
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed trading market. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (a) the Investor's Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(b) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (c) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.  Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some 
have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate.  As a result, 
investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes.  The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, 
(2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or (3) provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. Similarly, in general, UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by 
a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, (2) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. This may result in EEA regulated investors and UK 
regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. The 
list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation and the list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority (the "FCA") in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of 
the relevant rating agency included in such lists, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures 
being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list and/or FCA list (as 
applicable). Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of 
this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 26 ---
24 
 
 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (a) Notes are legal investments for it, (b) Notes can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing and (c) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Conflicts may arise between the interests of the Calculation Agent and the interests of the Noteholders 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders, including 
with respect to certain determinations and judgements that such Calculation Agent makes pursuant to the 
Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon 
their redemption. 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the Programme.  
In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group that is 
involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting 
interests may arise.  Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers and 
procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be 
engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by 
Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the 
Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders.  
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to such 
"benchmarks"  
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), the Copenhagen Interbank Offered Rate (CIBOR), the 
Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate (NIBOR) and the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate (STIBOR) and other 
indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international and other 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform.  Some of these reforms are already effective while others are 
still to be implemented.  These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or 
to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted.  Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a "benchmark". 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. Among other things 
they (i) require benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to 
an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised 
entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes referencing a benchmark, in particular, 
if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the terms of the 
Benchmarks Regulation.  Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing or increasing 
the rate or level, or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
The euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing

--- Page 27 ---
25 
 
 
to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the 
euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
The above reforms may cause EURIBOR and other benchmarks to perform differently than they have done in 
the past and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have the following 
effects on certain benchmarks: (a) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to a benchmark; (b) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmarks and/or (c) leading 
to the disappearance of the benchmark.  Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a 
result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have 
a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole 
or in part) upon, a "benchmark". 
The potential elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration 
of any benchmark could require or result in an adjustment to the interest provisions of the terms and conditions 
(as further described in Condition 7.8 (Benchmark Discontinuation), or result in other consequences, in respect 
of any Notes linked to such benchmark.  Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the 
value and return on any such Notes. 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out below provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event 
that a published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service)) becomes unavailable, or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions), as applicable, otherwise 
occurs. Such an event may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue date for a Series of Notes. Such 
fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Conditions), with the application of an Adjustment Spread 
(which could be positive, negative or zero) and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement new benchmark, all as determined by the 
Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), all as more fully 
described in Condition 7.8 (Benchmark Discontinuation). It is possible that the adoption of a Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (including with the application of any Adjustment Spread) may result in any Notes linked 
to or referencing an Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower 
Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form.  
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate 
of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a 
fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In 
addition, there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as expected or intended at the 
relevant time. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks, investigations and licensing issues in making any investment decision with respect to the Notes linked 
to a "benchmark".

--- Page 28 ---
26 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and 
form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto) 
of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 December 2020, as set out on the following pages: 
 
Page(s) 
Consolidated income statement 
81 
Consolidated balance sheet 
86 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
90 (table only) 
Consolidated cash-flow statement 
91 
Notes to the financial statements 
97 to 119 
Auditor's Report 
121 to 125 
which can be viewed on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://wwwvasakronanse.cdn.triggerfish.cloud/uploads/2021/04/financial-statements-2020.pdf   
2. 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto) 
of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 December 2021, as set out on the following pages: 
 
Page(s) 
Consolidated income statement 
82 
Consolidated balance sheet 
87 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
92 (table only) 
Consolidated cash-flow statement 
93 
Notes to the financial statements 
98 to 122 
Auditor's Report 
127 to 131 
which can be viewed on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://wwwvasakronanse.cdn.triggerfish.cloud/uploads/2022/04/vasakronan-annual-report-2021.pdf   
3. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 18 October 2018 at 
pages 26 to 61 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme which is available for viewing 
on the following website: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_846481f2-5314-4505-b9c2-f300f528a816.pdf

--- Page 29 ---
27 
 
 
4. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 14 June 2019 at pages 
28 to 68 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme which is available for viewing on 
the following website: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_715be2c6-c14c-4185-bb9e-3c9a1f12e198.PDF 
5. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 8 April 2020 at pages 
28 to 68 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme which is available for viewing on 
the following website: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_5142ceb8-4ea2-48f3-a3e6-780dabacd9a6.PDF  
6. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 23 April 2021 at pages 
30 to 70 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme which is available for viewing on 
the following website: 
https://wwwvasakronanse.cdn.triggerfish.cloud/uploads/2021/04/uko2-2002412623-v1-vasakronan-
emtn-2021-base-prospectus-final-1.pdf   
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge, at the registered office of the Issuer and on the websites specified 
above.  Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 30 ---
28 
 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression necessary information means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, of the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for 
the issuance and its impact on the Issuer.  In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under 
the Programme the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for 
information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only 
be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes.  
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in 
order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the 
relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus.  
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus.  The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the 
Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms as completed by the relevant Final Terms.  
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus.  In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant 
Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.

--- Page 31 ---
29 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be 
endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme.  In the case of any Tranche of Notes 
which are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State of the European Union or the 
United Kingdom, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus.  
Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any 
Tranche of Notes may supplement, amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
The following are also the terms and conditions which will be applicable to each VPS Note.  VPS Notes will 
not be evidenced by any physical note or document of title other than statements of account made by Euronext 
VPS.  Ownership of VPS Notes will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry system and 
register maintained by Euronext VPS.  The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be 
in the case of VPS Notes, deemed to apply to any such Notes. 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
1.1 
Programme 
Vasakronan AB (publ) (the Issuer) has established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the 
Programme) for the issuance of up to EUR6,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes (the 
Notes). 
1.2 
Final Terms 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a Series) and each Series may comprise 
one or more tranches (each a Tranche) of Notes.  Each Tranche is the subject of a final terms (the 
Final Terms) which completes these terms and conditions (the Conditions).  The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by Part A 
of the relevant Final Terms or as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be.  In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail.  
1.3 
Agency Agreement 
The Notes (other than the VPS Notes (as defined below)) are the subject of an amended and restated 
issue and paying agency agreement dated 26 April 2022 (the Agency Agreement) between the Issuer, 
Citibank N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent (the Fiscal Agent, which expression includes any 
successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), Citibank Europe plc 
as registrar (the Registrar, which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to 
time in connection with the Notes), the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, 
the Paying Agents, which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed 
from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the transfer agents named therein (together with 
the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, which expression includes any successor or additional transfer 
agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes).  In these Conditions references to 
the Agents are to the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents and any reference to an 
Agent is to any one of them.  VPS Notes will be issued in accordance with and subject to a VPS 
Agency Agreement (such VPS Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time, the VPS Agency Agreement) between the Issuer and an agent (the VPS Agent) 
who will act as agent of the Issuer in respect of all dealings with Euronext VPS in respect of VPS 
Notes as provided in the relevant VPS Agency Agreement.  Each issue of VPS Notes will have the

--- Page 32 ---
30 
 
 
benefit of a trust agreement (such trust agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time, the VPS Trustee Agreement) dated 18 October 2018 made between the Issuer and 
Nordic Trustee AS (the VPS Trustee, which expression shall include any successor as VPS Trustee).  
The VPS Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders for the time being of the VPS Notes, in accordance 
with the provisions of the VPS Trustee Agreement and these Conditions. The VPS Trustee Agreement 
provides that, unless otherwise agreed, Nordic Trustee AS will act as calculation agent in respect of 
VPS Notes. 
1.4 
Deed of Covenant 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form (Bearer Notes), in registered form (Registered Notes) or in 
uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form registered in the Norwegian Central Securities 
Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) (Euronext VPS) (VPS 
Notes).  Registered Notes are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 8 April 2020 (the Deed of 
Covenant) entered into by the Issuer. 
1.5 
The Notes 
All subsequent references in these Conditions to Notes are to the Notes which are the subject of the 
relevant Final Terms.  Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent. 
1.6 
Summaries 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of 
Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions.  Noteholders and the holders of the related 
interest coupons, if any (the Couponholders and the Coupons, respectively) are bound by, and are 
deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the 
VPS Trustee Agreement applicable to them.  Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of 
Covenant are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified 
Offices of each of the Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below.  A copy of the 
VPS Trustee Agreement will be available for inspection during normal business hours at the registered 
office for the time being of the VPS Trustee. 
2. 
INTERPRETATION 
2.1 
Definitions 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Accrual Yield has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Additional Business Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
Additional Financial Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
AP Fund means a national pension insurance fund (Sw. statlig allmän pensionsfond) in accordance 
with the National Pension Insurance Funds Act (Sw. lag (2000:192) om allmänna pensionsfonder 
(AP-fonder)); 
Business Day means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and

--- Page 33 ---
31 
 
 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
Business Day Convention, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation 
to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
Following Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day Convention 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
Preceding Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in 
the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in 
the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a 
Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
No Adjustment means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
Calculation Agent means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Change of Control occurs when the aggregated holdings of the AP Funds cease to represent at least 
51 per cent. of the total voting rights represented by the shares in the Issuer; 
Change of Control Put Event Notice has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 9.6 (Change of 
Control Put Option);

--- Page 34 ---
32 
 
 
Change of Control Put Option has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 9.6 (Change of Control 
Put Option); 
Change of Control Put Option Notice has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 9.6 (Change of 
Control Put Option); 
CIBOR means, in respect of Danish Kroner and for any specified period, the interest rate benchmark 
known as the Copenhagen interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a designated 
distributor (NASDAQ Copenhagen) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the 
Danish Financial Benchmark Facility (or any other person which takes over the administration of that 
rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for Danish Kroner for a number of designated 
maturities which are provided by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic CIBOR rates can be 
obtained from the designated distributor); 
Clean-up Call Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Clearstream, Luxembourg means Clearstream Banking S.A.; 
Consolidated Total Assets means the value of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries, as such amount appears, or would appear, on a consolidated balance sheet of the Issuer 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as shown in the most recent published audited annual, unaudited 
semi-annual or unaudited quarterly interim, as the case may be, consolidated financial statements of 
the Issuer; 
Coupon Sheet means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
DA Selected Bond means the government security or securities selected by the Determination Agent 
as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes (or, if a 
Par Call Commencement Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the period to the Par Call 
Commencement Date), that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the 
same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes (or, if a 
Par Call Commencement Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the period to the Par Call 
Commencement Date); 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
Calculation Period), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (i) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (ii) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (I) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (II) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and

--- Page 35 ---
33 
 
 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (I) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (II) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if Actual/Actual (ISDA)  is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if Actual/360 is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(e) 
if 30/360 is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 36 ---
34 
 
 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(g) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated 
from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the 
Calculation Period; 
Determination Agent means a financial adviser selected by the Issuer (after consultation with the 
Relevant Dealer(s)); 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Early Termination Amount means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
EURIBOR means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of

--- Page 37 ---
35 
 
 
the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration of 
that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and 
maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details 
of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
Euroclear means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
Extraordinary Resolution has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
First Interest Payment Date means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Fitch means Fitch Ratings Limited; 
Fixed Coupon Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Gross Redemption Yield means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield to maturity on 
such security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set 
out by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt 
Prices from Yields", page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; Double-dated 
and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" (published on 8 
June 1998 and updated on 15 January 2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further amended, updated, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time) or, if such formula does not reflect generally accepted 
market practice at the time of redemption, a gross redemption yield to maturity calculated in 
accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as determined by the Determination 
Agent; 
Guarantee means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person to 
pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness;  
Holder, in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3.2 (Form, Denomination, 
Title and Transfer – Title to Bearer Notes), in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in 
Condition 3.4 (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Registered Notes) and in the case of 
VPS Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3.11 (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – VPS 
Notes); 
IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards, including International Accounting 
Standards and Interpretations, issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (as amended, 
supplemented or re-issued from time to time); 
Indebtedness means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including (without 
limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility;

--- Page 38 ---
36 
 
 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment 
of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
Interest Amount means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Determination Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Payment Date means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified 
as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a 
Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at 
such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other 
case); 
Interest Period means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date (or the 
relevant Payment Date, if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date); 
Issue Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Make Whole Redemption Price has the meaning given in Condition 9.3 (Redemption and Purchase 
– Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)); 
Margin has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Material Subsidiary means, at any particular time, a Subsidiary of the Issuer whose total assets or 
pre-tax profits as shown in the most recent consolidated audited financial statements represent 5 per 
cent. or more of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer as calculated by reference to the most recent 
consolidated audited financial statements of the Issuer;  
Maturity Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Maximum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Minimum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 39 ---
37 
 
 
Moody's means Moody's Investors Service Limited; 
NIBOR means, in respect of Norwegian Kroner and for any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Norwegian interbank offered rate administered by Norske Finansielle 
Referanser AS and calculated in cooperation with Global Rate Set Systems (GRSS) acting as 
calculation agent (or any other person which takes over the administration and/or calculation of this 
rate) for the relevant period (before any correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator); 
Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount has the meaning given in Condition 9.3 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)); 
Noteholder, in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3.2 (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Bearer Notes), in the case of Registered Notes, has the 
meaning given in Condition 3.4 (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Registered Notes) 
and in the case of VPS Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3.11 (Form, Denomination, Title 
and Transfer – VPS Notes); 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Par Call Commencement Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Payment Business Day means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a 
day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness means any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries 
or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness raised or issued in exchange for, or the net proceeds of which 
are used to renew, refund, refinance, replace, exchange or discharge other Indebtedness of the Issuer 
or any of its Subsidiaries (other than intercompany Indebtedness); provided that: 
(a) 
the aggregate principal amount (or accretable value) of such Permitted Refinancing 
Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the

--- Page 40 ---
38 
 
 
Indebtedness renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged (plus all 
accrued interest on the Indebtedness and the amount of all fees and expenses, including 
premiums, incurred in connection therewith); 
(b) 
such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness has a final maturity date, or may only be redeemed 
at the option of the Issuer, either (i) no earlier than the final maturity date of the Indebtedness 
being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged or (ii) after the final 
maturity date of the Notes; 
(c) 
 if the Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced or discharged is expressly, 
contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Notes, such Permitted Refinancing 
Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes; and 
(d) 
if the Issuer was the obligor on the Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, 
replaced or discharged, such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness is incurred by the Issuer; 
Permitted Security Interest means a Security Interest on the undertaking or assets of any Person 
existing at the time such Person is acquired by and becomes a Subsidiary of the Issuer, provided such 
Security Interest was not created in contemplation of such acquisition and the principal amount secured 
has not been increased in contemplation of or since such acquisition; 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
Principal Financial Centre means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in 
the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
Put Option Notice means a notice which must be delivered to the Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
Put Option Receipt means a receipt issued by the Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a 
Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
Quotation Time has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Rate of Interest means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
Rating Agency means Moody's, S&P or Fitch; 
Redemption Amount means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Sterling Make Whole Redemption 
Amount, the Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put), the Clean-up Call Redemption Amount, the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in 
the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 41 ---
39 
 
 
Redemption Margin has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Reference Banks means four major banks selected by the Issuer, in the market that is most closely 
connected with the Reference Rate; 
Reference Bond has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or to the 
extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the relevant 
Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any Reference Date, (a) the arithmetic average of the 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if fewer than four such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all such 
quotations; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed 
as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Reference Date; 
Reference Date has the meaning given in the relevant notice of redemption; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of four banks selected by the Issuer (following, 
where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if applicable), or their affiliates, which 
are (a) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (b) market makers 
in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the 
Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as 
a percentage of its principal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in writing 
to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
Reference Price has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Reference Rate means CIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Regular Period means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where Regular Date means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
Regular Date means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment

--- Page 42 ---
40 
 
 
Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest 
Period; 
Relevant Date means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received by the 
Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
Relevant Financial Centre has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Relevant Indebtedness means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, 
note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of 
being listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without 
limitation, any over-the-counter market); 
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring 
the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the 
Reference Rate; 
Relevant Time has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term to maturity of such Note (or, if Par Call 
Commencement Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call Commencement Date) 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to 
such Note from and including the date on which such Note is to be redeemed by the Issuer pursuant 
to Condition 9.3 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)); 
Reserved Matter means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the 
Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date 
for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum 
requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
S&P means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited; 
Secured Indebtedness means any Indebtedness secured in whole or in part by any assets of the Issuer 
or any of its Subsidiaries;  
Security Interest means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
Specified Currency has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Specified Denomination(s) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Specified Office has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
Specified Period has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount has the meaning given in Condition 9.3 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call));

--- Page 43 ---
41 
 
 
STIBOR means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Stockholm interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (Financial Benchmarks Sweden AB) in accordance with the requirements from 
time to time of Financial Benchmarks Sweden AB (or any other person which takes over the 
administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated 
currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of 
contributor banks (details of historic STIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
Subsidiary means, in relation to any Person (the first Person) at any particular time, any other Person: 
(a) 
which is a subsidiary (Sw. dotterföretag) to the first Person, directly or indirectly, as defined 
in the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen 2005:551); or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
Talon means a talon for further Coupons; 
TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 
2007; 
TARGET Settlement Day means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro; 
Treaty means the Treaty of the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
Zero Coupon Note means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
2.2 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(a) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(b) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(c) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(d) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(e) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(f) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement;

--- Page 44 ---
42 
 
 
(g) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2.1 (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that 
such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; and 
(h) 
any reference to the Deed of Covenant, the Agency Agreement, the VPS Agency Agreement 
or the VPS Trustee Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Deed of Covenant, the 
Agency Agreement, the VPS Agency Agreement or the VPS Trustee Agreement, as the case 
may be, as amended and/or supplemented (as applicable) up to and including the Issue Date 
of the Notes. 
3. 
FORM, DENOMINATION, TITLE AND TRANSFER 
3.1 
Bearer Notes 
Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue.  In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes with more than 
one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable 
for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
3.2 
Title to Bearer Notes 
Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery.  In the case of Bearer Notes, Holder 
means the holder of such Bearer Note and Noteholder and Couponholder shall be construed 
accordingly. 
3.3 
Registered Notes 
Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum denomination 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
3.4 
Title to Registered Notes 
The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  
A certificate (each, a Note Certificate) will be issued to each Holder of Registered Notes in respect 
of its registered holding.  Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number 
which will be recorded in the Register.  In the case of Registered Notes, Holder means the person in 
whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or, in the case of a 
joint holding, the first named thereof) and Noteholder shall be construed accordingly. 
3.5 
Ownership 
The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust 
or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of Registered Notes, on the Note 
Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous 
loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder.  No person shall have 
any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) 
Act 1999. 
3.6 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
Subject to Conditions 3.9 (Closed periods) and 3.10 (Regulations concerning transfers and 
registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant Note 
Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the Registrar

--- Page 45 ---
43 
 
 
or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such 
Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the 
individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered Note may 
not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of 
the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of 
Registered Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations.  Where not all the Registered Notes 
represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate 
in respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
3.7 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates 
Within five business days of the surrender of a Note Certificate in accordance with Condition 3.6 
(Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the Registrar will register the transfer in question and deliver 
a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the Registered Notes transferred to each relevant 
Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or 
(at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) 
to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant Holder.  In this Condition, business day 
means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its 
Specified Office. 
3.8 
No charge 
The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may 
be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
3.9 
Closed periods 
Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days ending on the due 
date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
3.10 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration 
All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations 
concerning the transfer of Registered Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement.  The regulations may 
be changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of the Registrar.  A copy of the current 
regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any Noteholder who requests in writing 
a copy of such regulations. 
3.11 
VPS Notes 
Title to VPS Notes will pass by registration in the registers between the direct or indirect 
accountholders at Euronext VPS in accordance with the Norwegian  Central Securities Depositories 
Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 (the CSD Act) which implements Regulation (EU) no. 909/2014 (CSDR) 
into Norwegian law, any regulations passed under the CSD Act and the rules and procedures of 
Euronext VPS, in each case as amended or replaced from time to time.  The holder of a VPS Note will 
be the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of Euronext VPS (as amended from 
time to time).  The person evidenced (including any nominee) as a holder of the VPS Notes shall be 
treated as the holder of such VPS Notes for the purposes of payment of principal or interest on such 
Notes and for all other purposes.  The Issuer and the VPS Trustee may rely on a certificate of Euronext 
VPS or one issued on behalf of Euronext VPS by an account-carrying institution as to a particular 
person being a holder of VPS Notes.  The expressions Noteholders and Holder and related 
expressions shall, in each case, be construed accordingly. Any references in these Conditions to

--- Page 46 ---
44 
 
 
Coupons, Talons, Couponholders, Bearer Notes, Note Certificates, Put Option Receipts, Registered 
Notes, Bearer Global Notes and Notes in definitive form (or, in each case, similar expressions) shall 
not apply to VPS Notes. 
4. 
STATUS 
The Notes constitute direct, general, unsubordinated and unconditional obligations of the Issuer which 
will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and 
future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions 
of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
5. 
COVENANTS 
5.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall procure that none 
of its Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest other than a Permitted Security 
Interest upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including 
uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or to secure any Guarantee of Relevant 
Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes equally and rateably 
therewith or (b) providing such other security for the Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of Noteholders. 
5.2 
Limitations on the Incurrence of Secured Indebtedness 
So long as any Note remains outstanding the Issuer will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to 
incur directly or indirectly, any Secured Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Secured Indebtedness 
(excluding for the purposes of this Condition 5.2 any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness) if, on the 
date of such incurrence and after giving pro forma effect thereto (including pro forma application of 
the proceeds) the total value of Secured Indebtedness would exceed 40 per cent. of Consolidated Total 
Assets.  
6. 
FIXED RATE NOTE PROVISIONS 
6.1 
Application 
This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
6.2 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer Notes), 
Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes) and Condition 12 (Payments – VPS Notes).  Each Note 
will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue 
to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) (as well after as 
before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (a) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (b) the day which is 
seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default 
in payment).

--- Page 47 ---
45 
 
 
6.3 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the relevant 
Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be, and, if the Notes are in more than one 
Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case 
may be, in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
6.4 
Calculation of interest amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for which a Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of 
such Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a sub-unit means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7. 
FLOATING RATE NOTE PROVISIONS 
7.1 
Application 
This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
7.2 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer Notes), 
Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes) and Condition 12 (Payments – VPS Notes).  Each Note 
will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue 
to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) (as well after as 
before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (a) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (b) the day which is 
seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default 
in payment). 
7.3 
Screen Rate Determination 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest 
Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(a) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(b) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear

--- Page 48 ---
46 
 
 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, where: 
(i) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; and 
(ii) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period;  
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case 
may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate; 
(c) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(d) 
if, in the case of (a) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (c) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(i) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks 
to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time; and 
(ii) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(e) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11am (local time in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the 
relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is 
unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
7.4 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum 
so specified.

--- Page 49 ---
47 
 
 
7.5 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each 
Note for such Interest Period.  The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-
unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a sub-unit 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7.6 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, together 
with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it 
together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation and, in the case of the VPS Notes, the VPS Trustee and the VPS 
Agent as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period.  Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders.  The Calculation Agent will 
be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period.  If the Calculation Amount 
is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish 
each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount 
in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
7.7 
Notifications etc. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the VPS Trustee, the VPS 
Agent, Euronext VPS, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability 
to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise 
by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
7.8 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions), if the 
Issuer, in consultation with the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the 
Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time 
when the Conditions provide for any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined 
by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonably 
manner) a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (each as defined and as further described below) no 
later than five Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
succeeding Interest Period (the IA Determination Cut-off Date) for the purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for such next succeeding Interest

--- Page 50 ---
48 
 
 
Period and for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
7.8(a) during any other future Interest Period(s)). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the applicable 
Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 7.8(c)) shall subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to 
the subsequent further operation of this Condition 7.8); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 
7.8(c)) shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments 
of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent further operation of this Condition 
7.8). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 7.8(b)), 
the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner shall 
determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a specified quantum or a formula 
or methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, an Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) 
by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable)), subject to the 
subsequent further operation and adjustment as provided in this Condition 7.8. 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 7.8 and the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or 
the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and the applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 7.8(e), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or 
Couponholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent 
shall (at the Issuer’s expense and direction), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders or Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in 
effecting any Benchmark Amendments required to the Agency Agreement and these 
Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 7.8(d), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on or by which 
the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.

--- Page 51 ---
49 
 
 
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall promptly notify the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
(being the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
applicable), the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 20 
(Notices), the Noteholders of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and 
the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 7.8(e).  
Such Notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 7.8, the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 7.3 will continue to 
apply unless and until the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the 
Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable) 
has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), the 
applicable Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments (if applicable), in accordance 
with Condition 7.8(e). 
(g) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, the Issuer is unable 
to appoint an Independent Adviser or no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined pursuant to this provision prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date and the 
Relevant Screen Page is no longer available for use, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to 
the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period (though substituting, where 
a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 7.8 shall apply to the determination of the Rate of 
Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date only, and the Rate of Interest applicable 
to any subsequent Interest Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 7.8. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.8: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or in the 
case of an Alternative Rate) the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner determines is recognised or acknowledged as being

--- Page 52 ---
50 
 
 
in customary usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference 
the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
(iii) 
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser acting in good faith 
determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-
the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be); or 
(iv) 
(if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines to be 
appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders 
and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
Alternative Rate means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines in 
accordance with Condition 7.8(b) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes or, if the Independent Adviser determines there is no such 
rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner determines is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.8(d); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing permanently to be calculated, administered and published; 
(ii) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to the date specified to in 
(ii)(A) above; 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; 
(iv) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (B) the date falling 
six months prior to the date specified in (iv)(A) above; 
(v) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (B) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (v)(B) above;

--- Page 53 ---
51 
 
 
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable); or 
(vii) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of such Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is or 
will, on or before a specified date, be no longer representative and (B) the date falling 
six months prior to the specified date referred to in (vii)(A) above; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each 
case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. For the avoidance of doubt, an Independent 
Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 7.8 shall act in good faith as an expert and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 7.8; 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine 
the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of any Interest 
Periods(s) (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally-
specified Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) 
has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark 
Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term 
“Original Reference Rate” shall include any such Successor Rate of Alternative Rate); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate or, where 
a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate has been determined pursuant to Condition 7.8(b), 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, as applicable, which is formally recommended, or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
8. 
ZERO COUPON NOTE PROVISIONS 
8.1 
Application 
This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 54 ---
52 
 
 
8.2 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or 
refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
the Reference Price; and 
(b) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which 
is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums 
due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
9. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
9.1 
Scheduled redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed at their Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer 
Notes), Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes) and Condition 12 (Payments – VPS Notes). 
9.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(a) 
at any time (unless the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable); or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other 
period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date 
fixed for redemption, if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 13 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of 
competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 
an agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(A) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes 
were then due; or

--- Page 55 ---
53 
 
 
(B) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days (or such 
other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the Interest 
Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes 
were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Trustee and the VPS Agent 
(A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent 
to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred of and (B) an opinion of independent 
legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment.  Upon the expiry of 
any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 9.2, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the 
Notes in accordance with this Condition 9.2. 
9.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on 
any Optional Redemption Date (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' 
notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(which notice shall be irrevocable (other than in the circumstances set out below) and shall oblige the 
Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the applicable amount specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Call)) at one of: 
(a) 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call); or 
(b) 
the Make Whole Redemption Price. 
The Make Whole Redemption Price will, in respect of Notes to be redeemed, be: 
(i) 
if Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of such 
Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Notes multiplied by the price (expressed as a 
percentage), as reported in writing to the Issuer by the Determination Agent (if applicable), at 
which the Gross Redemption Yield on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the Gross 
Redemption Yield (as determined by reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation 
Time on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus the Redemption Margin, as 
determined by the Determination Agent; or  
(ii) 
if Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be 
redeemed and (y) the sum of the net present values of the nominal amount outstanding of the 
Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest 
accrued to the date of redemption) and such present values shall be calculated by discounting 
such amounts to the date of redemption on an annual basis (based on the Day Count Fraction 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) at the Reference Bond Rate plus the Redemption 
Margin, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms, all as determined by the Determination 
Agent. 
If Make Whole Redemption Price is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, any 
notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent,

--- Page 56 ---
54 
 
 
in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the 
Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in 
the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its 
sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date (Call), or by the Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
so delayed. 
9.4 
Partial redemption 
If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 9.3 (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall 
be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as 
the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then 
been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 
9.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed (which will be published 
by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed 
for redemption), and, in the case of Registered Notes and (subject to compliance with the rules of 
Euronext VPS in the case of VPS Notes) VPS Notes, each Note shall be redeemed in part in the 
proportion which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes to be redeemed on the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate principal amount of outstanding 
Notes on such date.  If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event 
be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
9.5 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option 
of the Holder of any Note redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the 
relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest 
(if any) accrued to such date.  In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 9.5, the Holder 
of a Note (other than a holder of a VPS Note) must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent.  The 
Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to 
the depositing Noteholder.  In the case of a VPS Note, within the notice period set out above, a holder 
of any VPS Note may exercise its option to require redemption of its VPS Notes by giving written 
notice to its account manager for Euronext VPS, who will notify the VPS Agent and the VPS Trustee 
of the exercise of such option.  No Note, once deposited with a duly Put Option Notice in accordance 
with this Condition 9.5, may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due 
presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the 
redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail 
notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such 
Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for 
collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt.  For so 
long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 9.5, the 
depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the Holder of such Note for 
all purposes.

--- Page 57 ---
55 
 
 
9.6 
Change of Control Put Option 
If Change of Control Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable then if at 
any time while any Note remains outstanding, there occurs  
(a) 
a Change of Control, and, within the Change of Control Period, a Rating Event in respect of 
that Change of Control occurs (such Change of Control and Rating Event not having been 
cured prior to the expiry of the Change of Control Period), or 
(b) 
a Change of Control and, on the occurrence of the Change of Control, the Issuer is not rated 
by any Rating Agency and, within the Change of Control Period a Negative Rating Event 
occurs, 
(each a Change of Control Put Event) each Noteholder will have the option (the Change of Control 
Put Option) (unless, prior to the giving of the Change of Control Put Event Notice (as defined below), 
the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes under Condition 9.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) or 9.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's 
option, to procure the purchase of, all or part of its Notes, on the Optional Redemption Date (as defined 
below) at the principal amount outstanding of such Notes together with (or where purchased, together 
with an amount equal to) interest accrued to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date. 
A Negative Rating Event shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) the Issuer does not, prior to or not 
later than 21 days after the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control, seek, and thereafter 
throughout the Change of Control Period use reasonable endeavours to obtain, a rating of the Notes or 
(ii) if the Issuer does so seek and use such reasonable endeavours, it is unable to obtain such rating of 
at least the rating assigned to the Notes or the Issuer on the Issue Date of the Notes by the end of the 
Change of Control Period and the relevant Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms in writing 
to the Issuer that the failure to issue a rating of at least the rating assigned to the Notes or the Issuer on 
the Issue Date of the Notes was as a result, directly or indirectly, of the Change of Control (whether 
or not the Change of Control had occurred at such time). 
A Rating Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if (within the 
Change of Control Period) (A) the rating previously assigned to the Notes or to the Issuer by any 
Rating Agency solicited by (or with the consent of) the Issuer is (x) withdrawn or (y) lowered by at 
least one full rating notch (for example, from A3 to Baa1, or their respective equivalents) and (B) such 
rating is not within the Change of Control Period subsequently reinstated to its earlier credit rating or 
better by such Rating Agency, provided that the Rating Agency making the reduction in or 
withdrawing the rating announces or publicly confirms or, having been so requested by the Issuer, 
informs the Issuer in writing that the lowering or withdrawal of the rating was the result, in whole or 
in part, of the applicable Change of Control (whether or not the applicable Change of Control shall 
have occurred at the time of the Rating Event). 
Change of Control Period means the period beginning on the date (the Relevant Announcement 
Date) that is the earlier of (A) the first public announcement by or on behalf the Issuer or any bidder 
or any designated adviser, of the relevant Change of Control; and (B) the date of the earliest Potential 
Change of Control Announcement, and ending 90 days after the Relevant Announcement Date (such 
90th day, the Initial Longstop Date); provided that, unless any other Rating Agency has on or prior 
to the Initial Longstop Date effected a Rating Event in respect of its rating of the Issuer, or the Notes 
if a Rating Agency publicly announces, at any time during the period commencing on the date which 
is 60 days prior to the Initial Longstop Date and ending on the Initial Longstop Date, that it has placed 
its rating of the Issuer or the Notes under consideration for rating review either entirely or partially as 
a result of the relevant public announcement of the Change of Control or Potential Change of Control 
Announcement, the Change of Control Period shall be extended to the date which falls 60 days after 
the date of such public announcement by such Rating Agency.

--- Page 58 ---
56 
 
 
Potential Change of Control Announcement means any public announcement or statement by the 
Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any designated adviser thereto relating to any specific and 
near-term potential Change of Control (where "near-term" shall mean that such potential Change of 
Control is reasonably likely to occur, or is publicly stated by the Issuer, any such actual or potential 
bidder or any such designated adviser to be intended to occur, within 180 days of the date of such 
announcement of statement). 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control has occurred, the Issuer shall give 
notice (a Change of Control Put Event Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 
(Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control and the circumstances giving rise to it and 
the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option contained in this Condition 9.6. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, a Noteholder must transfer or cause to be transferred 
its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Fiscal Agent specified in the Change 
of Control Put Option Notice (as defined below) for the account of the Issuer within the period of 20 
Business Days after a Change of Control Put Event Notice is given together with a duly signed and 
completed notice of exercise in the then current form obtainable from the Fiscal Agent (a Change of 
Control Put Option Notice) and in which the Noteholder may specify a bank account to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition9.6. 
A Change of Control Put Option Notice once given shall be irrevocable.  The Issuer shall redeem or, 
at its option, procure the purchase of, the Notes in respect of which the Change of Control Put Option 
has been validly exercised as provided above, and subject to the transfer of such Notes to the account 
of the Fiscal Agent for the account of the Issuer as described above by the date which is specified in 
the Change of Control Put Event Notice and is not more than 90 days after a Change of Control Put 
Event Notice is given (the Optional Redemption Date).  Payment in respect of such Notes will be 
made on the Optional Redemption Date by transfer to the bank account specified in the Change of 
Control Put Option Notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no responsibility for any cost or loss of whatever 
kind (including breakage costs) which the Noteholder may incur as a result of or in connection with 
such Noteholder's exercise or purported exercise of, or otherwise in connection with, any Change of 
Control Put Option (whether as a result of any purchase or redemption arising therefrom or otherwise). 
If 80 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed pursuant 
to this Condition 9.6, the Issuer may, on not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) given within 30 days after the Optional 
Redemption Date, redeem on a date to be specified in such notice at its option, all (but not some only) 
of the remaining Notes at their principal amount, together with interest accrued to but excluding the 
date of redemption. 
9.7 
Clean-up Call Option 
If the Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in the event 
that Notes representing an aggregate amount equal to or exceeding 80 per cent. of the principal amount 
of the Notes have been purchased and cancelled or redeemed by the Issuer (other than as a result of 
the exercise by the Issuer of its redemption right under Condition 9.3 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Call))) the Issuer may, on giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), redeem on the date specified in such notice all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes in 
that Series at their Clean-up Call Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to but 
excluding the date set for redemption.

--- Page 59 ---
57 
 
 
9.8 
No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in Conditions 9.1 to 
9.7 above. 
9.9 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to 
the sum of: 
(a) 
the Reference Price; and 
(b) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction 
as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 9.9 or, if none is so specified, 
a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
9.10 
Purchase 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith.  Such Notes may be 
held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary surrendered to the Fiscal 
Agent for cancellation or, in the case of VPS Notes, cancelled in accordance with the procedures of 
Euronext VPS and the VPS Agency Agreement. 
9.11 
Cancellation 
All Notes so redeemed or purchased or surrendered for cancellation and any unmatured Coupons 
attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
10. 
PAYMENTS – BEARER NOTES 
This Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer Notes) is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
10.1 
Principal 
Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made 
in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be 
credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of 
that currency. 
10.2 
Interest 
Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 10.8 (Payments other than in respect of matured 
Coupons) below, be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) 
surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States in the manner described in Condition 10.1 (Principal)_ above.

--- Page 60 ---
58 
 
 
10.3 
Payments in New York City 
Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent in New York 
City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest 
on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of 
such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
10.4 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (a) any applicable fiscal or other laws 
and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 13 
(Taxation) and (b) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto.  No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders 
in respect of such payments.  
10.5 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Bearer 
Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(a) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be 
deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross 
amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum 
deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the 
gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(b) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due 
for payment: 
(i) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as 
will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the 
Relevant Coupons) being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that where this subparagraph would otherwise require a fraction 
of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its 
entirety; and 
(ii) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount 
of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less 
than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that 
proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, 
the amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available 
for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in Condition 10.1 above 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing 
Coupons.

--- Page 61 ---
59 
 
 
10.6 
Unmatured Coupons void 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due 
date for final redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 
9.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) 
Condition 9.5 (Redemption at the option of Noteholders (Investor Put)), Condition 9.7 (Clean-up Call 
Option) or Condition 14 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not 
still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
10.7 
Payments on business days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of 
the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled 
to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
10.8 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons 
Payments of interest other than in respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation 
of the relevant Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or 
in New York City if permitted by Condition 10.3 above). 
10.9 
Partial payments 
If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon presented to it for 
payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of such 
payment. 
10.10 Exchange of Talons 
On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of issue) part of a Coupon 
Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at 
the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further 
Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to 
Condition 15 (Prescription).  Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged 
Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such 
Talon. 
11. 
PAYMENTS – REGISTERED NOTES 
This Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes) is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
11.1 
Principal 
Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due 
drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an 
account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial 
Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City 
of London) and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, 
endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent.

--- Page 62 ---
60 
 
 
11.2 
Interest 
Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due 
drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an 
account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial 
Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City 
of London) and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent. 
11.3 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all cases to (a) any applicable fiscal or 
other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 
13 (Taxation) and (b) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.  No commissions or expenses shall be charged 
to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
11.4 
Payments on business days 
Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment instructions (for value the due date, 
or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the next succeeding Payment Business Day) 
will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed (a) (in the 
case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the due date for 
payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (b) (in the case of payments of 
interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment.  A Holder of a Registered 
Note shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting 
from (i) the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day or (ii) a cheque mailed in 
accordance with this Condition 11 (Payments – Registered Notes) arriving after the due date for 
payment or being lost in the mail. 
11.5 
Partial payments 
If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, the Issuer shall procure 
that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in the case of partial payment 
upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and the date of such 
payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
11.6 
Record date 
Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the Holder in the 
Register at the close of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office on the fifteenth day 
before the due date for such payment (the Record Date).  Where payment in respect of a Registered 
Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address of the 
Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. 
12. 
PAYMENTS – VPS NOTES  
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes shall be made to the holders shown in the 
relevant records of Euronext VPS (i) in accordance with and subject to the Norwegian Central

--- Page 63 ---
61 
 
 
Securities Depositories Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 (the CSD Act) which implements Regulation (EU) 
no. 909/2014 into Norwegian law, any regulations passed under the CSD Act and the rules and 
regulations governing Euronext VPS, in each case as amended or replaced from time to time, and (ii) 
subject to any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto 
13. 
TAXATION 
13.1 
Gross up 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of the 
Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Sweden or any political 
subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax to which payments made 
by the Issuer of principal and interest on the Notes become generally subject, unless the withholding 
or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law.  In that 
event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by 
them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts 
shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with the Kingdom of Sweden by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges 
have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the 
Note or Coupon; or 
(b) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for payment 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder of such Note or 
Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering 
such Note or Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on the last day of such period of 30 
days. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Issuer be required to pay 
any additional amounts in respect of the Notes for, or on account of, any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, or any 
official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach there to. 
13.2 
Taxing jurisdiction 
If payments made by the Issuer of principal and interest on the Notes become generally subject at any 
time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Kingdom of Sweden, references in these Conditions to 
the Kingdom of Sweden shall be construed as references to the Kingdom of Sweden and/or such other 
jurisdiction.

--- Page 64 ---
62 
 
 
14. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes within 
seven days of the due date for payments thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect 
of the Notes within 14 days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of 
its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default remains unremedied for 
30 days after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder (or, in the case 
of VPS Notes, the VPS Trustee), has been delivered to the Issuer with a copy Fiscal Agent at 
its Specified Office; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Material Subsidiary 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is not paid when due 
(within any originally applicable grace period); 
(ii) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes due and 
payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise than at the option of the Issuer, the 
relevant Material Subsidiary or (provided that no event of default, howsoever 
described, has occurred) any Person entitled to such Indebtedness; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer, or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due (within any 
applicable grace period) any amount payable by it under any Guarantee of any 
Indebtedness; 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in subparagraph (i) and/or subparagraph 
(ii) above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in subparagraph (iii) 
above individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR60,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more judgment(s) or order(s) by a court of competent 
jurisdiction from which there is no right of appeal for the payment is rendered against the 
Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period 
of 45 days after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment of an 
aggregate amount in excess of EUR60,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies); or 
(e) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar 
officer is appointed, of the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking, assets and 
revenues of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries; or 
(f) 
Insolvency etc.: (i) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or is 
unable to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator is appointed (or 
application for any such appointment is made) in respect of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries or the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or 
any of its Material Subsidiaries or (iii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries takes any 
action for a readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment 
or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a 
moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness given 
by it; or

--- Page 65 ---
63 
 
 
(g) 
Winding up etc.: (i) an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or the insolvent or involuntary winding up, liquidation 
or dissolution of any of its Material Subsidiaries or (ii) the Issuer, or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business 
(otherwise than, in the case of a Material Subsidiary of the Issuer, for the purposes of or 
pursuant to an amalgamation, adjustment, reorganisation or restructuring of the Group whilst 
solvent); or 
(h) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (g) above; or 
(i) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of 
its obligations under or in respect of the Notes,  
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the Holder thereof (or, in the case of VPS Notes, 
the VPS Trustee) to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, 
be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at 
its Early Termination Amount together with accrued interest (if any) without further action or 
formality. 
15. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest 
are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) 
after the Relevant Date.  
16. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES AND COUPONS 
If any Note (other than a VPS Note), Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or 
destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, 
or the Registrar, in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires 
the appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or 
Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses 
incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity 
and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes (other than a VPS 
Note), Note Certificates or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
17. 
AGENTS 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Agents 
and (acting under the VPS Agency Agreement) the VPS Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and 
do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below.  The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or registrar or 
Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent and a registrar; and

--- Page 66 ---
64 
 
 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment 
of a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a 
Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by 
such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system; and 
(d) 
if and so long as VPS Notes are outstanding, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a VPS Agent 
authorised to act as an account holding institution with Euronext VPS. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices). 
18. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS; MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
18.1 
Meetings of Noteholders – Notes other than VPS Notes 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions.  Any 
such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution.  Such a meeting may 
be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the request in writing of Noteholders 
holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes.  The 
quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons 
holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may 
only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two 
or more Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one 
quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum.  Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, 
whether present or not. 
Any such meeting of Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such other method (which 
may include, without limitation, a conference call or video conference) as the Fiscal Agent may 
determine in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being 
are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution.  Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in 
the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
18.2 
Modification 
The Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be amended without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error or as a result of the operation of 
Condition 7.8 (Benchmark Discontinuation).  In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement and 
(in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Agency Agreement and the VPS Trustee Agreement may agree to 
modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a 
manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders.

--- Page 67 ---
65 
 
 
18.3 
VPS Notes 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the holders of VPS Notes 
(including meetings to be held by written (or electronic) solution for decision making) to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including sanctioning by a majority of votes (as more fully set out in 
the VPS Trustee Agreement) a modification of the VPS Notes or any of the provisions of the VPS 
Trustee Agreement (or, in certain cases, sanctioning by a majority of two thirds of votes).  Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer, the VPS Trustee, by the holders of not less than 10 per cent. 
of the Voting VPS Notes or, if the VPS Notes are listed, by the relevant securities exchange/market 
place.  For the purpose of this Condition, Voting VPS Notes means the aggregate nominal amount of 
the total number of VPS Notes not redeemed or otherwise discharged, less the VPS Notes owned by 
the Issuer, any party who has decisive influence over the Issuer or any party over whom the Issuer has 
decisive influence. 
The quorum at a meeting for passing a resolution is one or more persons holding at least one half of 
the Voting VPS Notes or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing holders 
of Voting VPS Notes whatever the nominal amount of the VPS Notes so held or represented.  A 
resolution passed at any meeting of the holders of VPS Notes shall be binding on all the holders, 
whether or not they are present at such meeting. 
(a) 
The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that in order to make the following amendments, a 
majority of at least two-thirds of the votes cast in respect of Voting VPS Notes is required: 
(i) 
modification of the Maturity Date of the VPS Notes specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or reduction or cancellation of the nominal amount payable upon maturity; 
(ii) 
reduction or calculation of the amount payable, or modification of the payment date 
in respect of any interest in relation to the VPS Notes or variation of the method of 
calculating the rate of interest in respect of the VPS Notes; 
(iii) 
reduction of any Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
(iv) 
modification of the currency in which payments under the VPS Notes are to be made; 
(v) 
modification of the majority requirement to pass a resolution in respect of the matters 
listed in this paragraph (a); 
(vi) 
any alteration of Clause 4.1(f) of the VPS Trustee Agreement (which sets out the 
matters for which a majority of two-thirds of votes is required); 
(vii) 
the transfer of rights and obligations under the VPS Note Conditions and the VPS 
Trustee Agreement to another Issuer; and/or 
(viii) 
a change of VPS Trustee. 
(b) 
Save as set out in paragraph (a) above, the VPS Trustee may agree to amendments to the VPS 
Trustee Agreement or the VPS Note Conditions or waive relevant rights thereunder without 
prior approval of the affected holders of VPS Notes provided that (i) such amendment or 
waiver is not detrimental to the rights and benefits of the affected holders of VPS Notes in any 
material respect or is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes, 
or (ii) such amendment or waiver is required by applicable law, court ruling or a decision by 
a relevant authority. The VPS Trustee shall as soon as possible notify the holders of VPS 
Notes of any proposal to make such amendments, setting out the date from which the 
amendment will be effective, unless such notice obviously is unnecessary.

--- Page 68 ---
66 
 
 
19. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create 
and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the outstanding 
Notes. 
20. 
NOTICES 
20.1 
Bearer Notes 
Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily 
newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, if such publication 
is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe.  
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to 
be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made 
in all the required newspapers).  Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
20.2 
Registered Notes 
Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class mail (or its equivalent) 
or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the Register or, if such 
publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general 
circulation in Europe.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the 
date of mailing. 
20.3 
VPS Notes 
Notices to Holders of VPS Notes shall be valid if the relevant notice is given to Euronext VPS for 
communication by it to the holders and, so long as the VPS Notes are listed on a stock exchange, the 
Issuer shall ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of such 
exchange.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the VPS Notes on 
the date of delivery of such notice by Euronext VPS. 
21. 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given 
or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the first currency) in which the 
same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the second 
currency) for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an 
order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made 
in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such 
Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used 
for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and 
(ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business 
purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in 
whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action.

--- Page 69 ---
67 
 
 
22. 
PROVISION OF INFORMATION 
In relation to VPS Notes, each Holder agrees and gives consent to Euronext VPS to provide to the 
VPS Agent, upon request, information registered with Euronext VPS relating to the VPS Notes and 
the Holders of the VPS Notes in order that the VPS Agent may provide any relevant Norwegian 
authorities, including the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (in Norwegian: Finanstilsynet) 
and the Norwegian tax authorities with any information required under applicable Norwegian laws.  
Such information shall include, but not be limited to, the identity of the registered holder of the VPS 
Notes, the residency of the registered holder of the VPS Notes, the number of VPS Notes registered 
with the relevant holder, the address of the relevant holder, the account operator in respect of the 
relevant Euronext VPS account (in Norwegian: kontofører investor) and whether or not the VPS Notes 
are registered in the name of a nominee and the identity of any such nominee. 
23. 
ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) 
all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to 
the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such 
currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
24. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
24.1 
Governing law 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes are 
governed by English law, except that the registration of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS as well as the 
recording and transfer of ownership to, and other interests in, VPS Notes and Condition 18.3 (Meetings 
of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver – VPS Notes) will be governed by Norwegian law. 
24.2 
English courts 
The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a Dispute) arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes). 
24.3 
Appropriate forum 
The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle 
any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
24.4 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England 
Notwithstanding Condition 24.2 (English courts), any Noteholder may take proceedings relating to a 
Dispute (Proceedings) in any other courts with jurisdiction.  To the extent allowed by law, 
Noteholders may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
24.5 
Service of process 
The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other documents required 
to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to The Swedish

--- Page 70 ---
68 
 
 
Trade & Invest Council at 5 Upper Montagu Street, London W1H 2AG, England, or to such other 
person with an address in England or Wales and/or at such other address in England or Wales as the 
Issuer may specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders.  Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the 
right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.  This Condition applies 
to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 71 ---
69 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the EU Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation.  Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  (EUWA); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (a) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][ MiFID II]; and 
(b) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.  
[Consider any negative target market.]  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018/EUWA (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor)]/[distributor] should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules)  is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]

--- Page 72 ---
70 
 
 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) 
of Singapore (as amended from time to time, the SFA), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets 
products "]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
Final Terms dated [] 
VASAKRONAN AB (PUBL) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 5493007LNZSEWN5KTV42 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EUR6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 26 April 2022 [and the supplemental base prospectus dated [date]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the base prospectus dated [18 October 2018/14 June 2019/8 April 2020/23 April 2021]. These Final 
Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 26 
April 2022 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the 
Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated [18 October 2018/14 June 2019/8 April 2020/23 
April 2021] and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all relevant 
information. This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation.] 
The Base Prospectus has been published on the websites of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin (Euronext Dublin) (www.euronext.com) and the Issuer (https://vasakronan.se/in-english/). 
The expression EU Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A).  Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case 
the subparagraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
Issuer 
Vasakronan AB (publ) 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
(c) 
[Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for

--- Page 73 ---
71 
 
 
trading purposes with the [] on [[]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 25 below which is expected to occur 
on or about []]]. 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[] 
 
(a) 
[Series: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from []] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[] 
(NB – Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
EUR100,000 (or equivalent)) 
(If a Global Note is exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes at the option of the Noteholders, the Notes 
shall be tradeable only in principal amounts of at 
least the Specified Denomination and integral 
multiples thereof)  
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] +/– [] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/16 below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
11. 
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call]

--- Page 74 ---
72 
 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
 
[Clean-up Call] 
 
 
[(see paragraph [17]/[18]/[19]/[20] below)] 
13. 
[(a)] 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
[(b)] 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained]: 
[] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable [from [] to []]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year up to and including the [Maturity 
Date/[]] 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
(f) 
Determination Date: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] 
[[] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where the Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable [from [] to []]/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified Period: 
[][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (d) below/not 
subject to any adjustment, or the Business Day 
Convention in 15(d) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]  
 
(b) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in 15(d) 
below/not subject to any adjustment, or the 
Business Day Convention in 15(d) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[]

--- Page 75 ---
73 
 
 
 
(d) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/No Adjustment] [Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(f) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
 
(g) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Fiscal 
Agent]): 
[] 
 
(h) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[] 
 
(i) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
(j) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][]per cent. per annum 
 
(k) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(l) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360]/[Eurobo
nd Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)]/[] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[]

--- Page 76 ---
74 
 
 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(b) 
Par Call Commencement Date: 
[] 
 
(c) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
(Call) of each Note: 
[[] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/Make 
Whole 
Redemption Price] [in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) falling [on []]/[in the period 
from and including [insert date three months prior 
to maturity]/[other date] to but excluding [date]] 
[and [[] per Calculation Amount/Make Whole 
Redemption Price] [in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) falling [on []/in the period 
from and including [date] to but excluding [date]] 
 
(d) 
Make Whole Redemption Price: 
[Non-Sterling 
Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Amount/Sterling 
Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Amount/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs (i) – (iii) of this paragraph)] 
 
(i) 
[Redemption Margin: 
[] per cent. 
 
(ii) 
[Reference Bond: 
[] 
 
 
(If a Par Call Commencement Date is included, 
consider if the Reference Bond should mature on 
the Par Call Commencement Date rather than the 
Maturity Date) 
 
(iii) 
[Quotation Time: 
[] 
 
(e) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/[provide details]] 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]  
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]  
 
(f) 
Notice period: 
[] 
18. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 77 ---
75 
 
 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice period: 
[] 
19. 
Change of Control Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
20. 
Clean-up Call Option: 
[Applicable//Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Clean-up Call Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Notice period: 
[] 
21. 
Early Termination Amount 
Early Termination Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption on event of 
default or other early redemption: 
[[]/[Par] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/Not 
Applicable] 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[]/[Par] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption on event of 
default or other early redemption:  
[[]/[Par] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/Not 
Applicable] 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons: 
[[]/[Par] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/Not 
Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes:] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [] days' notice/at any time/in 
the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on [] days' notice]

--- Page 78 ---
76 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on [] days' notice/at any time/in 
the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Registered Notes:] 
 
 
[Global 
Registered 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Individual Note Certificates on [] days' notice/at 
any time/in the limited circumstances described in 
the Global Registered Note] 
 
 
[and 
 
 
Global Registered Note [(U.S.$/Euro [] nominal 
amount)] registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under 
the New Safekeeping Structure (NSS)).] 
[VPS Notes:] 
[VPS 
Notes 
issued 
in 
uncertificated 
and 
dematerialised book entry form.  See further item 
[6] of Part B below.] 
26. 
New Global Note / New Safekeeping 
Structure: 
[Yes] [No] [Not Applicable] 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) 
[Not Applicable/give details.  Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment, and not 
the end dates of interest periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest end dates, to 
which sub paragraph 15(e) relates] 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No.  As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are left.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Vasakronan AB (publ): 
 
By: 
…………………………………… 
By: 
…………………………………… 
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 79 ---
77 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING  
 
 
(a) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
the official list and to trading on the regulated 
market of [Euronext Dublin][the Oslo Stock 
Exchange] with effect from []] 
[Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to the official list and to trading on 
the regulated market of [Euronext Dublin][the 
Oslo Stock Exchange] with effect from [].] 
 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[] 
2. 
 RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]/[the 
Notes to be issued will be unrated]: 
 
 
[[Moody's 
Investors 
Service 
(Nordics) 
AB]/[]: []] 
[Add a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if previously published by the ratings 
provider.] 
[[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the EU 
CRA Regulation).  [[Insert legal name of 
particular 
credit 
rating 
agency 
entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update 
of the list of registered credit rating agencies 
(as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the 
ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu 
].] [The rating [Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation).]/[[Insert 
legal 
name 
of 
particular 
credit 
rating 
agency 
entity 
providing rating] has been certified under

--- Page 80 ---
78 
 
 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation).]/[[Insert 
legal 
name 
of 
particular 
credit 
rating 
agency 
entity 
providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation) and the 
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and 
registered 
under 
the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation.]]  
3. 
 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
4. 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
(a) 
[Reasons for the offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base 
Prospectus.] [The Notes are intended to be 
issued as Green Bonds, [further particulars to 
be provided].] 
 
[(b)] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one 
use will need to split out and present in order 
of priority.  If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of 
other funding.) 
 
[(c)] 
Estimated total expenses: 
[] 
 
 
[Include breakdown of expenses] 
5. 
 [Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[] per cent.  
 
 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on 
the basis of the Issue Price.  It is not an 
indication of future yield.]] 
6. 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[]

--- Page 81 ---
79 
 
 
 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
(c) 
FISN: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(d) 
CFI Code: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(e) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(f) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(g) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any) or, in the case of 
VPS Notes, the VPS Agent and the VPS 
Trustee: 
[] 
 
(h) 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
 
 
 
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper] [include this text for 
Registered Notes which are held under the 
NSS] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life.  Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB 
being 
satisfied 
that 
Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as 
"no" at the date of these Final Terms, should 
the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended 
in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [[and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper][include this text for

--- Page 82 ---
80 
 
 
registered notes]].  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life.  Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
(i) 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[NIBOR]/ [STIBOR] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat as necessary].   
[As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name] [appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks) 
of 
Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011]  
[As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the FCA pursuant to [Article 36] (Register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks) 
of 
Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date 
hereof, 
[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[STIBOR] 
does not fall within the scope of [Regulation 
(EU) No 2016/1011 [as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018]]/[As far as the Issuer 
is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 
51 of Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 [as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] 
apply, such that [name of administrator] is not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation/registration 
(or, 
if 
located 
outside 
the 
[European 
Union/UK], 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence)] / 
[Not Applicable] 
7. 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(a) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(b) 
If syndicated:

--- Page 83 ---
81 
 
 
 
(i) 
Names of Dealers 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s), if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(c) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(d) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg S Compliance Category 2 
[(In the case of Bearer Notes) TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/TEFRA Not Applicable]  
 
(e) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Notes do 
constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the 
EEA, "Not Applicable" should be specified.  If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products 
and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(f) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Notes do 
constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the 
UK, "Not Applicable" should be specified.  If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products 
and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(g) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian 
counsel before disapplying this selling 
restriction) 
8. 
 PROVISIONS RELATING TO GREEN BONDS 
 
Green Bonds: 
[Yes/No] 
 
[Reviewer(s):] 
[Name of sustainability rating agency(ies) 
[and name of third party assurance agent] and 
[give details of compliance opinion(s) and 
availability]] 
 
[Date of third party opinion(s):] 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 84 ---
82 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The Issuer intends to apply the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes for general corporate purposes, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In particular, if so specified in the use of proceeds section of the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer intends to 
apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an issue of Notes specifically for Green Projects as set out in 
the Green Finance Framework. Such Notes may also be referred to as Green Bonds. 
Green Projects have been (or will be, as the case may be) selected by the Issuer from time to time in accordance 
with the categorisation of eligibility for Green Bonds set out in the Issuer's Green Finance Framework which 
sets out the added environmental criteria required for such issuances. The Issuer has established a ‘Green 
Finance Committee’ to evaluate and select Green Projects in compliance with the Green Finance Framework. 
The net proceeds of any Green Bonds are managed by the Issuer’s treasury department on a portfolio basis. 
The Green Finance Framework provides that any proceeds of Green Bonds that are not yet allocated to Green 
Projects are to be temporarily held by the Issuer in the form of cash or term deposits with banks. In addition 
the allocation of the net proceeds of Green Bonds will be verified by the Issuer’s external auditor.  
The Issuer strives to monitor the development of the green bond market to continually advance the green terms 
of its Green Finance Framework. Accordingly the Green Finance Framework may be updated from time to 
time to reflect current market practices. Any amendments to the Green Finance Framework will also be 
available on the Issuer’s website. In establishing the terms in the current Green Finance Framework (published 
in August 2018) the Issuer has sought to comply with the Green Bond Principles 2018 and current best market 
practice. 
The Centre for International Climate Research (CICERO) (a provider of independent reviews of green bonds) 
has evaluated the Green Finance Framework and issued a second-party opinion on the Green Finance 
Framework (which can be viewed on the Issuer’s website at https://vasakronan.se/en/about-
vasakronan/financial-information/green-financing/#collapse-1-2-1-301aad95-047b-489c-b36a-667d5b3f450)   
confirming that these align with the Green Bond Principles 2018 and providing a "dark green" shading. Each 
of the Second Party Opinion and the Green Finance Framework is publicly available on the Issuer's website. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green Finance Framework nor the Second Party Opinion form part of, 
or are incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will report on the use of proceeds of the Green Bonds and adherence to the Green Finance 
Framework as part of its annual financial and sustainability reporting with relevant information available on 
the Issuer's website.

--- Page 85 ---
83 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) will initially be in the form of either a temporary global 
note in bearer form (the Temporary Global Note), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note in 
bearer form (the Permanent Global Note), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.  Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a Global 
Note) which is not intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or 
a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the ECB) announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance 
with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central 
banking system for the euro (the Eurosystem), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled.  At the same 
time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for 
Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during 
their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common 
Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States 
Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section including, 
without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or 
otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the TEFRA C 
Rules) or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation 
section including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service 
Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 
2010) (the TEFRA D Rules) are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of 
more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will 
be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership.  No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused.  In addition, interest payments in 
respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global Note to the

--- Page 86 ---
84 
 
 
bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(a) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global 
Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of 
the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, that 
in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the 
initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5pm 
(London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has requested 
exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not 
been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary 
Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become 
void at 5pm (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5pm (London time) on such 
due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may 
have under the Deed of Covenant).  
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form (Definitive Notes): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note", 
then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against 
the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If:

--- Page 87 ---
85 
 
 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5pm (London time) on the 30th day after the bearer 
has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global 
Note representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with its 
terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not 
been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date 
for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5pm (London time) on such 30th day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5pm (London time) on the date on which 
such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5pm (London time) on such due 
date ((c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of 
Covenant). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in 
the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership.  Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange.  
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5pm (London time) on the 30th day after the bearer 
has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not 
been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date 
for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5pm (London time) on such 30th day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5pm (London time) on such due date (in

--- Page 88 ---
86 
 
 
the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but 
without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the 
Deed of Covenant).  
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or  
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against 
the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5pm (London time) on the 30th day after the bearer 
has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not 
been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date 
for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5pm (London time) on such 30th day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5pm (London time) on such due date ((b) 
above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of 
Covenant).  
If the Permanent Global Note is exchangeable for Definitive Notes at the option of the Noteholders and/or the 
Issuer other than in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note, the Notes shall be 
tradable only in principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified 
Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination).

--- Page 89 ---
87 
 
 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which 
they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note 
became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of 
the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, 
the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the 
following effect: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE" 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either individual Note Certificates in registered form 
(Individual Note Certificates) or a global Note in registered form (a Global Registered Note), in each case 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt 
securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it has assessed the 
new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in 
cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure would be 
in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" 
of the central banking system for the euro (the Eurosystem), subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal 
and contractual arrangements.  The press release also stated that the new arrangements for Notes to be held in 
NSS form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 and that registered 
debt securities in global registered form held issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 
September 2010 will only be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping Structure 
is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Registered Notes are intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Registered Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria

--- Page 90 ---
88 
 
 
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure, registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note 
will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary and will be exchangeable in 
accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be 
registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or 
about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be 
exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its terms.  
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being Individual Note Certificates, then the Notes 
will at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect of their 
respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note which 
will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global Registered 
Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or  
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the 
registered holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete 
and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the 
persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each 
such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the specified office of the 
Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the regulations 
concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without 
charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other 
duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5pm (London time) on the 30th day after they 
are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and 
payable in accordance with the Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred 
and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Registered Note in accordance with the terms 
of the Global Registered Note on the due date for payment,

--- Page 91 ---
89 
 
 
then the Global Registered Note (including the obligation to deliver Individual Note Certificates) will become 
void at 5pm (London time) on such 30th day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5pm (London time) on such due 
date (in the case of (b) above) and the holder of the Global Registered Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder of the Global Registered Note or others may 
have under the Deed of Covenant).  Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a 
Global Registered Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been 
entitled if, immediately before the Global Registered Note became void, they had been the holders of 
Individual Note Certificates in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were 
shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
VPS Notes 
As set forth in the Final Terms, each Series or Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form registered in Euronext VPS.  Legal title to the VPS Notes will be evidenced 
by book entries in the records of Euronext VPS.  Issues of VPS Notes will be issued with the benefit of the 
VPS Trustee Agreement.  On the issue of such VPS Notes, the Issuer will send a copy of the applicable Final 
Terms to the VPS Trustee, with a copy sent to the VPS Agent.  On delivery of the applicable Final Terms to 
Euronext VPS and notification to Euronext VPS of the subscribers and their Euronext VPS account details by 
the Relevant Dealer, the VPS Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer will credit each subscribing account holder 
with Euronext VPS with a nominal amount of VPS Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has 
subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS will take place in 
accordance with market practice at the time of the transaction.  Transfers of interests in the relevant VPS Notes 
will take place in accordance with the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 
(the CSD Act) which implements Regulation (EU) no. 909/2014 (CSDR) into Norwegian law, any regulations 
passed under the CSD Act and the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS, in each case as amended or replaced 
from time to time. 
Title to VPS Notes will pass by registration in the registers between the direct or indirect accountholders at 
Euronext VPS in accordance with the CSD Act, any regulations passed under the CSD Act and the rules and 
procedures of Euronext VPS, in each case as amended or replaced from time to time.  The holder of a VPS 
Note will be the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of Euronext VPS.  The person 
evidenced (including any nominee) as a holder of the VPS Notes shall be treated as the holder of such VPS 
Notes for the purposes of payment of principal or interest on such VPS Notes.  The expressions Noteholders 
and holder of Notes and related expressions shall, in each case, be construed accordingly.  Any references in 
the Conditions to Coupons, Talons, Couponholders, Bearer Notes, Certificates, Put Option Receipts, 
Registered Notes and Notes in definitive form (or, in each case, similar expressions) shall not apply to VPS 
Notes. 
The registration of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS as well as the recording and transfer of ownership to, and 
other interests in, VPS Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Norwegian law.

--- Page 92 ---
90 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Conditions 
to Noteholder are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note 
is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of 
an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that 
depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Conditions to 
Noteholder are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered Note is for the time being 
registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held by or on behalf of a 
depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper 
or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each an 
Accountholder) must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant 
clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to 
the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising under such 
Global Note or Global Registered Note.  The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may 
exercise any rights arising under the Global Note or Global Registered Note will be determined by the 
respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing 
system from time to time.  For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global 
Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due 
under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global 
Note or Global Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Conditions as they 
apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note.  The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the 
Conditions, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or Coupon will be made against 
presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the 
Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy 
and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes.  On each occasion on which a 
payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect 
of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata 
in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, shall be, if the currency of 
payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not 
euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person shown 
as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System 
Business Day before the due date for such payment (the Record Date) where Clearing System Business Day 
means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being held is open for 
business.

--- Page 93 ---
91 
 
 
Exercise of put option or Change of Control put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 
9.5 (Redemption at the option of Noteholders (Investor Put)) or Condition 9.6 (Change of Control Put Option) 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note must, within the period 
specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such 
exercise to the Fiscal Agent, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or other relevant clearing system, specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of 
which such option is being exercised.  Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent 
Global Note or Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer 
in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the 
Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
principal amount, at their discretion). 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be selected 
individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the 
rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection Date).  No exchange of the relevant 
Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the 
date fixed for redemption pursuant to Condition 9.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) and 
notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) 
at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 20 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global 
Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note and the 
Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), or the Global 
Registered Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may 
be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution: While any Global Note or Global Registered Note is held on behalf 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear or any other relevant clearing system, then:  
(a)  
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with 
their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-quarters in 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding (an Electronic Consent as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary 
Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which a special quorum was satisfied), take effect as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be 
binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not they participated in 
such Electronic Consent or voted in a manner contrary to the majority; and  
(b)  
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer or the 
Fiscal Agent by (a) accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or a 
Global Registered Note and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of

--- Page 94 ---
92 
 
 
another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that 
accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held.  For the purpose of establishing the 
entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to 
rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the relevant clearing system) and, in 
the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the relevant 
clearing system for the purposes of (b) above.  Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding 
on all Noteholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective.  Any such 
certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes.  Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of 
electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear's EUCLID or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg's CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in 
which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified 
together with the amount of such holding.  Neither the Issuer nor the Fiscal Agent shall be liable to 
any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other 
document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be 
forged or not authentic.

--- Page 95 ---
93 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General 
Vasakronan AB (publ) (Vasakronan) was incorporated on 16 June 1998 as a public limited company under 
the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden (Sweden) pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen 
2005:551) and registered in Sweden with registration number 556061-4603. Vasakronan is the parent company 
of the Group. The address of its registered office and domicile is Box 30074, 111 57 Stockholm, Sweden and 
its telephone number is +46 8 566 205 00. Vasakronan is owned by Vasakronan Holding AB, corporate 
registration number 556650-4196, which is owned in turn in equal shares by Första AP-fonden, Andra AP-
fonden, Tredje AP-fonden and Fjärde AP-fonden.  
The Group's operations comprise the ownership, management and development of properties with the aim of 
providing the Group's ultimate owners with a high and stable, long-term return. Vasakronan does not directly 
own any properties itself but its operations comprise Group-wide functions, primarily the management and 
administration of the properties owned by its wholly owned subsidiaries. At 31 December 2021, the number 
of employees of Vasakronan was 290.  
Vasakronan owns, develops and manages modern and centrally located office and retail properties, with retail 
properties primarily concentrated in urban areas. As at 31 December 2021 the portfolio was concentrated in 
Stockholm (66 per cent. of contractual annual rent), Gothenburg (17 per cent. of contractual annual rent), 
Malmo (9 per cent. of contractual annual rent) and Uppsala (8 per cent. of contractual annual rent) — which 
are metropolitan areas with strong economic growth. For the year ended 31 December 2021 Vasakronan's 
property portfolio generated rental revenue of SEK 7,425 million. 
Vasakronan also has interests in various joint ventures. Through partnership agreements with one or more 
parties, Vasakronan shares controlling influence over other companies, which are classified as joint ventures 
since the agreement terms or the entities' legal forms entitle the participants to the net assets of the joint venture. 
As at 31 December 2021 the carrying amount in joint ventures amounted to SEK 971 million.  
The following tables are summaries of the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, balance sheet 
and cash flow of the Group for the years ended and as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021: 
 
Income Statement (SEKm) 
 For the year ended 
31 December 2020 
For the year ended 
31 December 2021 
Rental Revenues 
7,006   
7,425   
Revenue Growth, % 
(0.5%) 
(6%) 
Operating Expenses 
(696) 
(760) 
Repairs and Maintenance Expenses 
(116) 
(100) 
Property Administration 
(353) 
(364) 
Property Tax 
(652) 
(668) 
Site Leaseholds 
-- 
-- 
Net Operating Income 
5,189 
5,533 
Surplus ratio, % 
74% 
75% 
Central Administration 
(118) 
(124) 
Profit from Joint Ventures and Associated Companies 
(219) 
193 
Interest expenses ground rents and land leases 1) 
(158) 
(160) 
Interest income  
9 
4 
Interest expenses 
(1,126) 
(1,055) 
Profit Before Value Change and Tax 
3,577 
4,391 
Change in Value of Investment Properties 
1,083 
15,255 
Depreciation of right-of-use assets 
(7) 
(7) 
Change in Value of Financial Instruments 
167 
938 
Divested or Impaired Goodwill 
-- 
(5) 
Profit Before Tax 
4,820 
20,572

--- Page 96 ---
94 
 
 
Current Tax  
(203) 
(223) 
Deferred Tax 
(903) 
(3990) 
Profit from Assets Held for Sale 
-- 
-- 
Profit for the Period 
3,714 
16,359 
Of which, attributable to non-controlling interests 
(4) 
(6) 
Total profit attributable to shareholders 
3,718 
16,365 
 
 
Balance Sheet (SEKm) 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2021 
Intangible Assets  
2,044 
2,044 
Investment Properties 
162,420 
181,575 
Equipment 
47 
102 
Investment Properties, leaseholds and land lease 
5,163 
5,157 
Shares and participations in Joint Ventures  
911 
971 
Other Financial Receivables 
1,849 
1,293 
Total Non-Current Assets 
172,434 
191,162 
 
 
 
Current Receivables  
1,234 
1,511 
Cash and Cash Equivalents 
2,558 
3,521 
Total Current Assets 
3,792 
5,032 
 
 
 
TOTAL ASSETS 
176,226 
196,194 
 
 
 
Total Equity 
70,869 
85,290 
Deferred Tax Liabilities 
22,269 
26,273 
Interest-Bearing Debt 
69,317  
73,838  
Liabilities, leaseholds and land leases 
5,164 
5,158 
Non-Interest Bearing Liabilities 
8,607 
5,635 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
176,226 
196,194

--- Page 97 ---
95 
 
 
 
Cash Flow Statement (SEKm) 
For the year  
ended 31 
December 2020 
For the year  
ended 31 
December 2021 
Operating activities 
 
 
Net operating income 
5,189 
5,533 
Central administration 
(118) 
(124) 
Add back amortisation and depreciation 
13 
27 
Adjustment for other non-cash items 
(13) 
(5) 
Cash flow from operating activities before interest and 
tax 
Interest paid 1) 
5,071 
 
(1,295) 
5,431 
 
(1,543) 
Interest received 
6 
4 
Taxes paid 
(235) 
(320) 
Cash flow before changes in working capital 
3,547 
3,572 
Increase (-)/decrease (+) in operating receivables 
10 
119 
Increase (-)/decrease (+) in operating liabilities  
261 
256 
Cash flow from operating activities 
 
3,818 
3,947 
Investing activities 
 
 
Investments in existing property 
(5,314) 
(4,137) 
Property acquisitions 
(181) 
(214) 
Property divestments 
229 
449 
Other PPE, net 
(14) 
(78) 
Acquisitions of intangible assets  
(23) 
(10) 
Dividends from joint ventures 
34 
182 
Cash flow from investing activities 
(5,269) 
(3,858) 
Cash flow after investing activities 
 
Financing activities 
(1,451) 
89 
Dividends and Group contributions 
(3,000) 
(2,000) 
Raised debt: interest-bearing liabilities 
35,844 
34,422 
Repayment of debt: interest-bearing liabilities 
(31,417) 
(31,290) 
Change in collateral 
(663) 
(21) 
Redemption of financial instruments  
(277) 
(241) 
Transactions with non-controlling interests 
7 
4 
Cash flows from financing activities 
 
494 
874 
Cash flow for the period 
 
(957) 
963 
Opening balance, cash and cash equivalents  
3,515 
2,558 
Cash flow for the period 
(957) 
963 
Closing balance, cash and cash equivalents 
2,558 
3,521 
 
1)  
Interest paid includes interest on lease liabilities for ground rents and land leases. 
Ownership structure 
As at 31 December 2021, Vasakronan's share capital amounted to SEK 4,000 million. The share capital is 
divided into 40,000,000 shares of SEK 100 each.  
The following chart shows Vasakronan's ownership and governance structure as at 31 December 2021:

--- Page 98 ---
96 
 
 
 
Första AP-fonden, Andra AP-fonden, Tredje AP-fonden and Fjärde AP-fonden (the AP-funds) are public 
authorities under the Swedish parliament and are so-called 'buffer funds' within the Swedish national pension 
system. All AP-funds are closed-end funds, independent from the government and autonomous from the 
national budget. The CEOs of the AP-funds are part of Vasakronan's Board of Directors. 
Vasakronan has a commitment from the AP-funds pursuant to which they jointly undertake to purchase 
Vasakronan's commercial paper for up to SEK 18 billion upon request from Vasakronan. The commitment can 
be terminated with a notice period of 24 months. The commitment has never been utilised. There is a 
shareholder agreement in place among the AP-funds pursuant to which each of the AP-funds agrees to inject 
equity pro rata in the event that Vasakronan's total equity declines below the level of paid-in capital, thus 
ensuring solvency. In the case of an equity injection, each of the funds shall be obliged to inject capital relative 
to the shares held by such fund in Vasakronan. The agreement can be terminated with a notice period of 18 
months. 
The Swedish National Pension Funds Act (Sw: Lagen om allmänna pensionsfonder) regulates the AP-funds' 
operations through statutorily prescribed investment rules. According to the investment rules in force at the 
date of this Base Prospectus (for further information see "Investment Rules Schedule" below) each of the AP-
funds is allowed to invest a maximum of 40 per cent. in illiquid assets, including non-listed real estate-
companies. This 'illiquid assets' category includes, with certain exceptions, assets that are under management 
that are not listed on a regulated market. If the proportion of illiquid assets exceeds this threshold the funds do 
not have to sell any assets, however they will not be allowed to make further investments in assets in this 
category. 
Investment Rules Schedule 
Investment rules defined by law 
Current rules 
Low-risk fixed income instruments 
Min 20 per cent. 
Exposure to currency 
Max 40 per cent. 
Share capital and votes in a listed company 
Max 10 per cent. 
Non-listed assets 
No restriction 
Illiquid assets including real estate 
Max 40 per cent. 
Assets externally managed 
No restriction 
Capitalisation of Stockholm stock exchange 
Max 2 per cent.

--- Page 99 ---
97 
 
 
History  
1998 
AP Fastigheter was established by the AP-funds.  
2008 
AP Fastigheter acquired Vasakronan from the Swedish government for a total amount of SEK 41 billion. 
Through the acquisition of Vasakronan, AP Fastigheter was introduced to properties in a new market, Malmö 
and Lund.  Thereafter the property portfolio was concentrated on Stockholm, Gothenburg, Malmö, Lund and 
Uppsala. In connection with the acquisition of Vasakronan, properties were divested from Vasakronan to the 
real estate fund, Niam Fond IV, for a total amount of SEK 7 billion. On 1 December 2008 AP Fastigheter 
changed its name to Vasakronan. 
2010 
Vasakronan continued to focus on commercial properties and divested a portfolio of residential property for a 
total amount of SEK 5.4 billion. After the divestment, residential properties accounted for 1 per cent. of the 
market value of the remaining property portfolio.  
2012  
Vasakronan acquired commercial properties in Gothenburg for a total amount of SEK 2.2 billion. 
2013  
Vasakronan issued the world's first green bond issued by a corporate (according to the Climate Bonds 
Initiative)2.  
2018  
Vasakronan received a credit rating of A3 with a stable outlook from Moody's. 
2019 
At the beginning of 2019, the Lund portfolio was divested. 
Property portfolio 
The graphs below show the composition of contractual annual rent according to geographic market and 
property type as at 31 December 2021.  
                                                     
2 https://www.climatebonds.net/market/explaining-green-bonds

--- Page 100 ---
98 
 
 
Contracted annual rent by geographic market 
 
Contracted annual rent by property type 
 
66%
17%
9%
8%
Stockholm, 66%
Gothenburg, 17 %
Malmö, 9%
Uppsala, 8 %
Offices, 75%
Consumer durables, 11%
Garage, 3%
Restaurants/Café, 3%
Residental, 1%
Consumables, 1%
Hotels, 1%
Other, 5%

--- Page 101 ---
99 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2021, Vasakronan’s property portfolio consisted of 168 properties with a leasable area of 
2,348,000 square metres and a market value of SEK 182 billion.  
Vasakronan’s property portfolio focuses on modern and centrally located office and retail properties, with 
retail properties primarily concentrated in urban areas. Vasakronan’s overall assessment is that urban retail has 
good potential to manage the changes currently occurring within the retail sector as the sector is experiencing 
a trend toward small shops where the shops are used to reinforce the tenant’s brand and to drive e-commerce. 
From a practical perspective, this means a transition to a greater mix of property uses with prime retail locations 
being retained, while less attractive locations are converted to other businesses, such as restaurants, coffee 
shops, gyms or office space. When Vasakronan plans a new property or renovations it draws up a plan that 
specifies the mix of various activities in the building. To help create a healthy, dynamic area with a good range 
of services, Vasakronan has dialogue with other property owners, municipalities and infrastructure planners.  
The market value of Vasakronan’s properties has been measured using the same valuation principles since 
1997. The valuation process is governed by a valuation policy under which all properties are valued by external 
parties at year-end and mid-year, and valued internally at the end of the first and third quarters. External 
valuations are conducted pursuant to the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors Valuation – Professional 
Standards (the ‘Red Book’). In parallel with the external valuations, internal reviews of the reasonableness of 
these valuations are carried out. The market values are assessed using a yield-based valuation method that 
utilises cash-flow statements with a horizon of at least ten years. Based on external appraisals, the estimated 
market value of Vasakronan’s property portfolio was SEK 181,575 million as at 31 December 2021 compared 
with SEK 162,421 million as at 31 December 2020. The compounded annual growth rate from 2008 to 2021 
was 7 per cent. per year.  
82%
11%
7%
Stockholm by property type
Offices
Retail
Other
63%
32%
5%
Gothenburg by property type
Offices
Retail
Other
68%
19%
13%
Uppsala by property type
Offices
Retail
Other
62%
27%
11%
Malmo by property type
Offices
Retail
Other

--- Page 102 ---
100 
 
 
The growth in market value of Vasakronan’s property portfolio since 1998 is shown below.  
Market value, SEK bn 
 
Business Model and Strategy  
The mandate from the AP-funds is to generate a high and stable long-term return, with sustainability as an 
integral part of the business. Vasakronan's main operations consist of ownership, development and 
management of office and retail properties.  
Vasakronan's aim is to maintain and develop a high quality portfolio of properties located in centres of 
economic growth which will, over time, remain attractive to tenants in the office and retail rental market. 
Consequently, the portfolio is concentrated in Stockholm, Gothenburg, Malmö and Uppsala, all of which have 
recorded strong economic growth. The portfolio is modern, energy and cost efficient and centrally located in 
areas with good transportation links. Retail is concentrated in city shopping districts. Management of the 
portfolio is divided into four cities: Stockholm, Gothenburg, Malmö and Uppsala. Each regional team handles 
customer relations and property development locally.  
Vasakronan's overall financial return target is a total yield over a rolling ten-year period that will average in 
excess of 6.5 per cent. annually. The total yield should also be at least 0.5 per cent. higher than the industry 
average calculated in accordance with the MSCI Sweden Annual Property Index (the MSCI Index) (not 
including Vasakronan). Over the past ten years, Vasakronan's total yield averaged 10.9 per cent. per year and 
the average for the MSCI Index (not including Vasakronan) was 10.0  per cent. per year for the same period. 
The Group's property stock is continuously being developed in order to adapt to customer demand and new 
buildings are constructed in locations with strong demand. Property development is supplemented by 
acquisitions and disposals that enhance the quality and yield of Vasakronan's property portfolio based on 
current market conditions. Vasakronan also holds building rights for residential property and such rights, 
including the land on which building rights have been granted, can be sold when demand is high. 
The properties in the Group's portfolio are developed to a high environmental standard and are managed to 
ensure that each property operates in an environmentally sustainable manner. Environmental sustainability is 
an integral part of Vasakronan's organisation and business. This focus on environmental sustainability applies 
equally to the board, central and regional management and Vasakronan's everyday activities. Each year 
business planning is carried out with a focus on areas that could be developed or improved. Based on the 
business plans, long-term and short-term targets within the financial, environmental and societal areas are set. 
Vasakronan's strategy is to improve the quality of its portfolio through the development of new modern, 
environmentally sustainable properties and also through the refurbishment of its existing properties. 
Vasakronan applies strict criteria for its new developments and refurbishes properties to ensure that its 
portfolio adheres to high environmental standards. Ensuring that its portfolio is compliant with a high standard 
of environmental requirements makes its properties competitive and attractive to tenants over the long term. 
20
75
72
78
82
84
87
92
104
116
127
139
156
162
182
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
180
200
1998
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021

--- Page 103 ---
101 
 
 
In addition, maintaining and developing high quality, modern, environmentally sustainable properties creates 
cost efficiencies, leading to lower capital expenditure and lower operating costs over the long term compared 
to properties not developed and maintained in this manner. For more information on the environmental 
sustainability of Vasakronan's business and its long-term targets, see the section "Sustainability and social 
initiatives", below.  
Project development 
Vasakronan develops properties for long-term ownership and takes a holistic approach with the aim that each 
individual property will contribute to the street, neighbourhood, district or city as a whole. The level of risk 
for individual projects depends on the prevailing market conditions. In a weaker market, projects are only 
commenced once long-term rental contracts are in place in respect of the whole of the property, whereas in 
stronger markets projects may be commenced before long-term contracts are in place for the whole property. 
The project portfolio, including developments and refurbishments, had a total allocated investment volume of 
SEK 10,134 million as at 31 December 2021, of which SEK 7,932 million was invested as at 31 December 
2021 and the committed investments represent 5 per cent. of total assets. As at 31 December 2021, the 
occupancy rate in ongoing development projects was 83 per cent. and 79 per cent. of ongoing projects have 
been completed. 
Projects 
The increased demand for modern, highly efficient and attractive office space has not been met by supply and 
Vasakronan has therefore increased its project development over a number of years. Project developments are 
generally in prime locations and in markets that are well known by Vasakronan, which lowers project risks.  
Set out below are two of Vasakronan's largest on-going projects as at 31 December 2021: 
 
Platinan, Gothenburg 
Investment (committed 
amount): SEK 2,600 
million 
Type of project: New 
build development  
Estimated date of 
completion: March 2022 
Area of premises: 53,700 
square metres 
Nattugglan, Stockholm 
Investment (committed 
amount): SEK 800 million 
Type of project: New build 
development 
Estimated date of 
completion: June 2022 
Area of premises: 15,000 
square metres. 
The cash flow chart below shows that cash flow from the business has exceeded net investments historically 
and that free cash flow before financing (cash flow from operating activities reduced with cash flow from

--- Page 104 ---
102 
 
 
investing activities) has been positive all years except 2020 when investments amounted to a larger amount 
than cash flow from the business.  
Cash flow from the business after net investments 
 
 
Tenants and lease structure  
Vasakronan maintains a balanced tenant structure with a wide distribution across many tenants active in 
various industries and with a diversified maturity profile. No individual tenant accounts for more than 3 per 
cent. of the contractual annual rent, while the ten largest tenants account for only 18 per cent. Of these ten, 
five are in the public sector. The contractual annual rent as at 31 December 2021 was SEK 7,763 million in 
annual rental revenue. The number of commercial contracts (residential and garage not included) in the 
portfolio amounted to 5,172 as at 31 December 2021. A typical commercial lease agreement signed by 
Vasakronan is between three and seven years. Public tenants may not sign lease agreements for longer than 
seven years without special approval from the government although lease agreements for properties built for 
special purposes, for example courts and life sciences, can be up to 25 years. Rent levels under all lease 
agreements are index linked and adjusted on an upwards only basis in accordance with the consumer price 
index.  
(6 000)
(4 000)
(2 000)
 0
2 000
4 000
6 000
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
SEK m
Cash flow from the business
Net investments
Cash flow after investing activities

--- Page 105 ---
103 
 
 
The illustration below shows the composition of Vasakronan's tenants by industry as at 31 December 2021. 
 
The chart below shows Vasakronan's ten largest tenants and their percentage share of total rental revenue as 
at 31 December 2021.  
 
Tenant 
Type 
Share in per cent.  
Swedish Police Authority 
Public 
3 
Ericsson 
Private 
3 
H&M (Offices and stores) 
Private 
2 
King 
Private 
2 
Swedish Prison and Probation Service 
Swedish Tax Agency 
Public 
Public 
2 
2 
Swedish Social Insurance Agency 
Public 
1 
Swedish National Courts Administration 
Public 
1 
Åhléns 
Private 
1 
EY 
Private 
1 
Total 
 
18 
 
Vasakronan's occupancy rate was 91.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2021 (91.9 per cent. as at 31 December 
2020). Of the 8.6 per cent. of the total property portfolio that was unoccupied as at 31 December 2021, 1.1 per 
cent of the total property portfolio that was unoccupied is attributed to the project portfolio and 7.5 per cent. 
of the total property portfolio that was unoccupied is attributed to ongoing projects, all as shown in the charts 
below.  
25%
21%
16%
12%
5%
4%
3%
14%
Public sector, 25%
Services, 21%
Consumer, 16%
Goods
IT,12%
Finance, 5%
Telecom, 4%
Industry, 3%
Other, 14%
Public Sector Tenants

--- Page 106 ---
104 
 
 
Occupancy rate, per cent. 
 
 
Vacancies 2021, per cent. 
 
91.9
92.8
93.0
93.9
93.4
92.0
92.6
94.2
93.1
93.1
94.1
91.9
91.4
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
100%
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
7.5%
1.1%
Investment Properties
Ongoing Projects

--- Page 107 ---
105 
 
 
During the year ended 31 December 2021, leases corresponding to an annual rent of SEK 592 million and 
124,000 square metres were signed. The graph below shows Vasakronan’s net leasing volumes (in SEK m). 
Net leasing volumes 
 
For the lease portfolio as a whole, the average remaining term to maturity is 3.8 years as at 31 December 2021. 
The graph below shows the duration to maturity in the lease portfolio. During 2022 approximately 17 per cent. 
of the current commercial, office and retail contracted rent will be subject to renegotiation. Of the contracts 
that have been subject to renegotiation between 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021, 75 per cent. have 
been extended. The chart below shows the current maturity profile of Vasakronan’s lease portfolio, with the 
percentage of the portfolio’s leases maturing in each of the coming years. Garage (1 per cent.) and Residential 
(3 per cent.) are not included in the chart below. 
Duration in the contract portfolio 
 
 
In the year ended 31 December 2021 the rents on renewals increased by 8 per cent. as a result of rising rents. 
Rental revenue increased during the year ended 31 December 2021 to SEK 7,425 million. Since 2012 revenues 
‐500
‐400
‐300
‐200
‐100
0
100
200
300
400
500
Q4
2017
Q1
2018
Q2
2018
Q3
2018
Q4
2018
Q1
2019
Q2
2019
Q3
2019
Q4
2019
Q1
2020
Q2
2020
Q3
2020
Q4
2020
Q1
2021
Q2
2021
Q3
2021
Q4
2021
Moves, SEK m
New lettings, SEK m
Net lettings, SEK m, rolling 12 month
17
16
15
48
0%
20%
40%
60%
2022
2023
2024
2025 and after
% of the portfolio's leases 
maturing

--- Page 108 ---
106 
 
 
have increased by 24 per cent. EBITDA and EBITDA margin have been stable over time, as illustrated by the 
charts below.  
Please see "Alternative Performance Measures" below for a further description of alternative performance 
measures used.  
Rental revenue 
 
EBITDA 
 
EBITDA MARGIN 
5,969
6,032 5,899 6,009
6,251
6,490 6,718 7,040
7,006
7,425
0
1000
2000
3000
4000
5000
6000
0
1,000
2,000
3,000
4,000
5,000
6,000
7,000
8,000
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
SEK/m²
SEK m
Rental revenue
Rental revenue/sq.m
4,190 4,192 4,078
4,185 4,369 4,578
4,930 5,249 4,940 5,425
0
500
1,000
1,500
2,000
2,500
3,000
0
1,000
2,000
3,000
4,000
5,000
6,000
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
SEK/m²
SEK m
EBITDA
EBITDA/sq.m

--- Page 109 ---
107 
 
 
  
Market Share and overview of the market  
Vasakronan is one of the leading real estate companies in Sweden and one of the largest real estate companies 
in the Nordic region in terms of reported property market value (based on the annual financial reports of each 
of Vasakronan’s competitors for the year ended 31 December 2021) with its real estate assets amounting to a 
market value of SEK 182 billion as at 31 December 2021 (SEK 162 billion as at 31 December 2020). The 
chart below shows the investment property value of Vasakronan and its Nordic competitors. 
Investment property value, SEK bn 
 
Source: 2021 Q4 reports for each company. 1) FX EUR 10,227  2) FX NOK 1,025 
In Sweden, Vasakronan is the largest property owner in all its key cities3 (in central Stockholm including its 
central business district (CBD) Vasakronan owns 13 per cent. of all property; in Gothenburg CBD 24 per cent.; 
in Malmö CBD 23 per cent.; and in central Uppsala 22 per cent.).  
Sweden is one of 124 countries to have been assigned an Aaa rating by Moody’s. The Swedish economy’s 
recovery resulted in a sharp increase in growth in 2021. The National Institute of Economic Research (NIER) 
                                                     
3 Source: CBRE and Vasakronan through Datscha 
4 Source: Country Economy (https://countryeconomy.com/ratings/moodys) 
70%
69%
69%
70%
70%
71%
73%
75%
71%
73%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
70%
80%
90%
100%
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
%
EBITDA margin %
306
189
182
153
149
112
85
83
83
76
69
59
52
43
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
180
200
220
240
260
280
300
320
SEK bn

--- Page 110 ---
108 
 
 
estimates that GDP rose 4.5 per cent. in 2021 and it forecasts that GDP will rise 3.4 per cent. in 2022, a slightly 
lower increase than previously forecast by the NIER.  
GDP Growth in Sweden, E = Estimate 
 
Source : National Institute of Economic Research  
The labour market in Sweden continues to develop strongly as there is a robust demand for personnel amongst 
Swedish companies. The latest forecast from the NIER projects an increase of 2.3 per cent. in employment in 
2022 and 1.5 per cent. in 2023. According to forecasts by Statistiska Centralbyrån (SCB) and Evidens, office 
employment in metropolitan areas rose 1.6 per cent. in 2021.  
Office employment 
 
 
Source: SCB and Evidens  
The physical retail sector, particularly consumer durables, was one of the sectors hardest hit by the COVID-
19 pandemic and the subsequent restrictions. The digital transition in the industry, which was already under 
way, was given  a large boost and an increasing share of consumer durables are purchased online. Sales of 
consumer durables grew robustly as COVID-19 restrictions were gradually lifted in the autumn of 2021. 
Physical retail also recovered strongly as retail foot traffic returned. According to Handelns Utredningsinstitut 
(HUI) the growth in retail sales in Sweden was 8.0 per cent. during 2021. Despite growing e-commerce the 
demand for retail stores in excellent locations is still strong and e-commerce companies establish physical 
stores in order to drive e-commerce, and also the other way around.  
Retail sales growth 
 
3.2%
0.9%
3.3%
2.2%
2.7%
4.8%
3.9%
1.9%
0.9%
1.6%
1.9%
2.2%
0%
1%
2%
3%
4%
5%
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
 2019
2020
2021
Estimate
2022
Estimate
2023
Estimate
(0.3%)
1.2%
2.6%
4.5%
2.7%
2.1%
2.4%
1.1%
(2.8%)
4.5%
3.4%
2.0%
(4.0%)
(2.0%)
‐0.0%
2.0%
4.0%
6.0%
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019E
2020
2021E
2022E
2023E

--- Page 111 ---
109 
 
 
 
Source: HUI Research 
As a result of the strong recovery, inflation has increased and is currently significantly above the Riksbank’s 
(Sweden’s central bank) target of 2 per cent. At its last monetary policy meeting in February 2022, the 
Riksbank decided keep the repo rate at zero per cent5 with a first rise expected in the latter half of 2024. In 
parallel, the Riksbank indicated that its bond holdings would remain essentially unchanged in 2022 before 
being gradually wound down. The repo rate is the rate of interest at which banks can borrow or deposit funds 
at the Riksbank for a period of seven days. This economic environment has created a favourable investment 
climate in the Swedish property market and has contributed to a rise in property prices.  
 
Viewed from the perspective of transaction volume and number of transactions, 2021 was the strongest year 
in Swedish property history. Trends during the year included consolidation within the sector. The graph 
below shows the transaction volume on the Swedish property market. 
 
Transaction volume, SEK bn 
 
 
 
Source: Cushman & Wakefield 
Residential and office property were the largest segments in terms of transaction volume and the majority of 
investors are Swedish. The high transaction volume indicates continued strong interest in property investments. 
The property yields in the Swedish property market continue to offer attractive spreads over Swedish 
government bond yields. 
According to Cushman & Wakefield, office rents have remained stable in all of Stockholm’s sub-markets and 
in Malmö, whereas they have risen slightly toward the end of 2021 in Gothenburg and Uppsala. In Stockholm's 
CBD office rental revenue per square metre increased to 8,000 SEK/m2 as at 31 December 2021 from 7,900 
                                                     
5 Source: Riksbank 
2.0%
2.0%
3.4%
5.8%
3.4%
2.1%
2.7%
3.4%
2.3%
8.0%
2.5%
(2%)
(1%)
0%
1%
2%
3%
4%
5%
6%
7%
8%
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
Estimate
2022
Estimate
0.0
50.0
100.0
150.0
200.0
250.0
300.0
350.0
400.0
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
SEK bn
Domestic Investors
International Investors

--- Page 112 ---
110 
 
 
SEK/m2 as at 31 December 2020. Office rental revenue per square metre in Uppsala increased to 3,200 SEK/m2 
as at 31 December 2021 from 3,000 SEK/m2 as at 31 December 2020. In Gothenburg office rental revenue per 
square metre increased to 3,600 SEK/m2 from 3400 SEK/m2 as at 31 December 2021. In Malmö office rental 
revenue per square meter remained at the same level as at 31 December 2021 (2900 SEK/m2) as it had at 31 
December 2020. The pandemic in combination with increased digitalisation has promoted a strong demand 
for more flexible lease solutions. Vasakronan has modern, efficient office space in central areas with high 
demand and a range of products and concepts that meet customers’ needs. Vacancy rates for office premises 
have remained stable at low levels in all of Vasakronan’s regions except Stockholm CBD where vacancies 
have increased slightly. 
The charts below show the average rent against vacancy rates generally for the periods indicated across the 
four key cities where Vasakronan operates.  
Rents and vacancies - commercial premises 
The graphs below show the average rents against vacancy rates on office premises in each of Vasakronan’s 
key cities.  
 
Source: Cushman & Wakefield. As at December 2021. 
 
 
Source: Cushman & Wakefield. As at December 2021. 
0
5
10
15
1,500
2,500
3,500
4,500
5,500
6,500
7,500
8,500
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
(%)
SEK/m²
Stockholm (CBD)
Rent/m2
Vacancies
0
5
10
15
1,500
2,000
2,500
3,000
3,500
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
(%)
SEK/m²
Uppsala (central)
Rent/m2
Vacancies

--- Page 113 ---
111 
 
 
 
Source: Cushman & Wakefield. As at December 2021. 
 
 
Source: Cushman & Wakefield. As at December 2021. 
Rents and vacancies – retail premises  
The graphs below show the average rents against vacancy rates on retail premises in each of Vasakronan's key 
cities.  
 
Source: Cushman & Wakefield. As at December 2021. 
0
5
10
15
1,500
2,000
2,500
3,000
3,500
4,000
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
(%)
SEK/m²
Gothenburg (CBD)
Rent/m2
Vacancies
0
5
10
15
1,500
2,000
2,500
3,000
3,500
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
(%)
SEK/m²
Malmö (CBD)
Rent/m2
Vacancies
0
2
4
6
8
10
0
5,000
10,000
15,000
20,000
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
(%)
SEK/m²
Stockholm (CBD)
Rent/m2
Vacancies

--- Page 114 ---
112 
 
 
 
Source: Cushman & Wakefield. As at December 2021. 
 
 
Source: Cushman & Wakefield. As at December 2021. 
 
Source: Cushman & Wakefield. As at December 2021. 
Higher rent but lower cost per employee 
Over the past 20 years, office rent per square meter has increased while rent per workspace has decreased. For 
the year 2021 the estimated average square meter per employee is 10 m2 compared to year 2000 when the 
0
5
10
15
0
5,000
10,000
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
(%)
SEK/m²
Uppsala (central)
Rent/m2
Vacancies
0
2
4
6
8
10
0
5,000
10,000
15,000
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
(%)
SEK/m²
Gothenburg CBD
Rent/m2
Vacancies
0
2
4
6
8
10
0
5,000
10,000
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
(%)
SEK/m²
Malmö CBD
Rent/m2
Vacancies

--- Page 115 ---
113 
 
 
estimated average square meter per employee was 20 m2.  This leads to a lower cost per employee for the 
tenant and a higher total revenue for Vasakronan.  
Office rents, SEK 
 
Yield requirements 
The market's requirements for yields, based on the valuers' experience-based assessments of market return 
requirements for comparable properties, have fallen for several years in the Stockholm CBD and the rest of 
the inner city to the low level of 3.2 and 3.6 per cent., respectively. As at 31 December 2021, the yield 
requirement in the inner suburbs of Stockholm was 3.20 per cent. The yield requirement for prime6 office and 
retail properties in Gothenburg's CBD remained at 3.6 per cent. as at 31 December 2021. As at 31 December 
2021 the yield requirement for prime office premises in the Malmö CBD was 3.80 per cent. In Uppsala, the 
yield requirement for centrally located office and retail facilities declined to 4.25 per cent. in 2021. 
                                                     
6 The best locations of a market and/or the highest quality and specification in a market. 
8100
9000
160000
90000
0
20000
40000
60000
80000
100000
120000
140000
160000
180000
2000
2021
Rent per sqm
Rent per workplace

--- Page 116 ---
114 
 
 
Yield 
 
 
Source: Cushman & Wakefield, Bloomberg. 
Financing and capital structure  
The overall objective of Vasakronan's treasury activities is to secure financing needs at the lowest possible 
cost within the frameworks and restrictions set by Vasakronan's financial policy. Vasakronan finances its 
activities through capital supplied by its AP-fund owners and through external borrowing. No capital injections 
from the owners have been made since 2008 when AP Fastigheter bought Vasakronan. External borrowing 
has historically been funded through bonds or commercial paper issued in the domestic capital markets or from 
bank lending and all of the debt is raised at the Vasakronan AB level. Vasakronan's financial policy provides 
for a secured debt to gross assets ratio of maximum 20 per cent. As at 31 December 2021, external borrowing 
amounted to SEK 73,838 million (SEK 69,317 million as at 31 December 2020) and the secured debt to gross 
assets ratio was 4 per cent. 
The chart below shows the composition of Vasakronan's financing sources as at 31 December 2021 with the 
share of outstanding amount of bonds issued in each currency. During 2021 Vasakronan issued a 
Namensschuldverschreibung (NSV) in the German market.  
Composition of Vasakronan’s financing sources (SEK, bn) 
 
-1%
0%
1%
2%
3%
4%
5%
6%
7%
2005 Q2
2005 Q4
2006 Q2
2006 Q4
2007 Q2
2007 Q4
2008 Q2
2008 Q4
2009 Q2
2009 Q4
2010 Q2
2010 Q4
2011 Q2
2011 Q4
2012 Q2
2012 Q4
2013 Q2
2013 Q4
2014 Q2
2014 Q4
2015 Q2
2015 Q4
2016 Q2
2016 Q4
2017 Q2
2017 Q4
2018 Q2
2018 Q4
2019 Q2
2019 Q4
2020 Q2
2020 Q4
2021 Q2
2021 Q4
Stockholm CBD
Uppsala Inner City
Gothenburg CBD
Malmö CBD
Swedish 10Y Gov Yield

--- Page 117 ---
115 
 
 
 
The chart below illustrates Vasakronan's maturity profile of external borrowing as at 31 December 2021 by 
type of funding source. Vasakronan plans to replace short-term debt with longer dated funding. The average 
loan-to maturity was 5.0 years as at 31 December 2021 which was unchanged from as at 31 December 2020, 
and the average loan-to-maturity taking into consideration unutilised credit commitments decreased from 5.6 
to 5.5 years during the year 2021. 
Debt maturity profile (years) 
 
 
Derivatives are used to adjust the interest maturity in the loan portfolio and to hedge borrowing in other 
currencies than SEK. Vasakronan uses interest rate derivatives with long tenors, up to 15 years, to hedge 
NSV
0.5
Commercial Paper
8.4
Secured Bank Loans
7.9
NIB and EIB
4.9
SEK
52%
NOK
26
%
EUR
10%
JPY
2%
AUD
2%
HKD
1%
USD
8%
Bonds
52.4
0
2,000
4,000
6,000
8,000
10,000
12,000
14,000
16,000
0–1
1–2
2–3
3–4
4–5
5-6
9-10
>10
SEK m
NSV
Bonds
Bank loans
Commercial Papers

--- Page 118 ---
116 
 
 
interest rate exposure on a portfolio basis. As at 31 December 2021 the average fixed interest maturity was 4.6 
years. As at 31 December 2021, 43 per cent. of the external borrowing and derivatives portfolio had a maturity 
of less than one year.  
Average interest rate (per cent.), Fixed interest (per cent.) and Average loan to maturity (Years) 
 
As at 31 December 2021 the average interest rate in the loan portfolio was 1.3 per cent. Net interest expenses 
decreased in 2021, as shown by the chart below, despite an increase in the total amount of debt. 
Interest expense, SEK m 
  
 
The following graph sets out Vasakronan's interest coverage ratio as at 31 December 2021 and historical levels 
for each of the years between 2012 and 2021.  
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
Years / %
Fixed interest term
Average loan maturity
Average interest rate
‐1,557‐1,503
‐1,256
‐1,121 ‐1,152 ‐1,165
‐1,043 ‐1,131 ‐1,117 ‐1,051
-2,000
-1,500
-1,000
-500
0
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021

--- Page 119 ---
117 
 
 
Interest coverage ratio (times) 
 
As part of Vasakronan's financial policy, Vasakronan seeks to maintain a debt cover ratio (credit 
commitment from Owners and cash and loans with a maturity of over 12 months) of at least 100 per cent. As 
at 31 December 2021 Vasakronan had a debt cover ratio of 162 per cent. 
Debt- Cover Ratio 
 
 
Vasakronan’s liquidity is strengthened by the long-term and committed support of its owners through a 
commitment from the AP-fund owners to jointly purchase commercial paper issued by Vasakronan up to SEK 
18 billion, upon a request from Vasakronan. The commitment can be used for general corporate purposes. The 
commitment is ongoing and can be terminated with a notice period of 24 months. The subscription 
commitment has never been utilised. The long-term commitment of each of the AP-fund owners is evidenced 
by the inclusion of a change of control covenant in the terms of Vasakronan’s outstanding bonds and 
commercial paper and its bank loan agreements that allows investors or lenders, as the case may be, to redeem 
their bonds/commercial paper or terminate the loan, as the case may be, if the current AP-fund owners 
2.7
2.8
3.2
3.7
3.8
3.9
4.7
4.6
4.4
5.2
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
23,551
(19,082)
4,469
-25000
-20000
-15000
-10000
-5000
0
5000
10000
15000
20000
25000
30000
1
SEK m
Available Liquidity
Cash Flow after Debt Repayment
Excess Liquidity

--- Page 120 ---
118 
 
 
collectively or separately cease to own at least 51 per cent. of Vasakronan. The change of control covenant is 
not connected to Vasakronan’s rating. 
Vasakronan's financial policies, which are reviewed annually by Vasakronan’s Board of Directors, govern the 
allocation of responsibilities and risk mandates and establish principles regarding reporting, and control of 
financing activities and sources. Vasakronan’s Board of Directors decides strategic finance matters. The 
following table sets out the key requirements contained in the finance policy and Vasakronan’s performance 
in respect of each as at 31 December 2021. 
Green funding 
 
Policy 
Financial 
Risks 
 
Financial Policy 
Actual as at 31 December 
2021 
Financing Risk 
Average Loan Maturity 
At least 2 years 
5.0 years 
Loan Maturing 12 Months 
Max 40 per cent. 
20 per cent. 
Credit Commitment from Owners and 
Cash / Loan Maturity 12 Months 
At least 100 per cent. 
162 per cent. 
Interest Rate Risk 
Interest Coverage Ratio 
At least 2 times (average 
over previous 12 months)  
5.2 times (average over 
previous 12 months) 
Fixed Interest Term 
Minimum 2 years 
4.6 years 
Interest Maturity within 12 Months 
Max 55 per cent. 
43 per cent. 
Credit Risk 
Counterpart’s Rating 
At least A- / at least 
BBB+ for derivatives with 
Credit Support 
Agreements 
Fulfilled 
Currency Risk 
Currency Exposure without assets in 
foreign currency 
Not permitted 
Fulfilled 
Currency Exposure on assets in foreign 
currency (net of assets and liabilities in 
foreign currency) 
Permitted up to a 
maximum of 1 per cent. 
of total assets 
Fulfilled 
Secured Debt/Gross Assets 
Max 20 per cent. 
6 per cent.

--- Page 121 ---
119 
 
 
Green funding is external borrowing for which proceeds are exclusively applied to finance or refinance, in part 
or in full, new and/or existing assets with environmental benefits. In November 2013, Vasakronan was the first 
corporate in the world to issue a green bond (according to the Climate Bonds Initiative7), and in September 
2018 Vasakronan issued the world’s first green commercial paper (according to Vasakronan’s own 
determination based on publicly available information), with funds earmarked for green investments. 
Vasakronan’s Green Finance Framework encompasses all debt instruments with funds earmarked for green 
investments and is reviewed by the independent Center for International Climate Research (CICERO) who 
have issued the Second Party Opinion. Vasakronan was the first Swedish property company to be awarded the 
highest second opinion, "dark green", within the Green Finance Framework.8 Vasakronan’s external auditors 
validate the annual "impact report" prepared by Vasakronan and delivered in respect of its green funding.  As 
at 31 December 2021, 74 per cent. of Vasakronan’s funding was "green",9 comprising either green loans from 
the Nordic Investment Bank, the European Investment Bank or Svenska Handelsbanken or green bonds or 
green commercial paper or green NSVs issued by Vasakronan.  
Eligible assets for green funding according to Vasakronan’s Green Finance Framework are: 
1. New construction and major renovation of buildings owned and managed by Vasakronan and/or its 
subsidiaries that have an energy performance at least 25 per cent. below the building regulations 
governed by the Swedish BBR code valid at the time of approval and that have or will receive a 
certification of either: 
• 
LEED New Construction or Core and Shell, minimum certification level "Platinum"; or  
• 
BREEAM New Construction, minimum certification level "Outstanding".  
2. Existing buildings owned and managed by Vasakronan and/or its subsidiaries that have an energy 
performance less than 100 kiloWatt hours/square metre and either have a certification from the 
construction phase (as stated in section 1 above) that is not older than ten years or have received a 
LEED10 Existing Buildings: Operations and Maintenance certification (minimum certification level 
"Gold"). 
3. Renewable energy projects developed and owned by Vasakronan and/or its subsidiaries from the 
following energy sources: Bio, Solar and Wind. 
Vasakronan’s long term target is to have 100 per cent. green funding. The Issuer’s Green Finance Framework 
and the Second Party Opinion can be viewed on the Issuer’s website. 
Dividend policy and Loan to value ratio 
Vasakronan has an integrated dividend policy and loan to value (LTV) target that enables dividends to be 
adjusted according to the level of the LTV ratio. Vasakronan’s dividend policy is to distribute 40-60 per cent. 
of the Group’s profit before value changes and taxes. In order to avoid over capitalisation, larger dividends 
can be paid in periods of rising property values. In times of negative development of property values, dividends 
may need to be lower or none and, if required, capital injections will be requested from the AP-fund owners. 
Vasakronan's target LTV ratio is below 55 per cent.. LTV shall be lower at times of high property values and 
vice versa. In 2021 a total dividend of SEK 4 billion was paid. 
The following graph sets out Vasakronan’s LTV ratio as at 31 December 2021 and for each of the years 
between 2013 and 2021. 
                                                     
7 https://www.climatebonds.net/market/explaining-green-bonds  
8 Source: https://wwwvasakronanse.cdn.triggerfish.cloud/uploads/2021/02/vasakronan_year_end_report_2020.pdf  
9 Source: https://cicero.green/our-second-opinions   
10 Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design

--- Page 122 ---
120 
 
 
Loan to value ratio 
 
 
Sustainability and social initiatives 
Sustainability is an integral part of Vasakronan’s organisation and business model. The sustainability focus 
applies equally to the board, central and regional management and Vasakronan’s everyday activities. Based 
on the annual business plans, long-term and short-term targets within the financial, environmental and societal 
areas are set by Vasakronan’s Board. Vasakronan’s long-term environmental and societal targets are shown 
below: 
Environmental long-term targets:  
- 
Our properties shall be self-sufficient and shall need no purchased energy 
- 
We aim to half our power requirements 
- 
Our business and our customers shall generate no waste that is unable to be recycled or reused 
- 
We aim to have Climate-neutral operations by 2030 
- 
We aim to build our properties using renewable, recycled or reused materials 
- 
All of our financing is aimed to be green 
- 
We aim to be ranked as the most sustainable property company in the world 
Social long-term targets:  
- 
All employees shall act in accordance with our values and our Code of Conduct 
- 
We aim to have a positive work environment free from negative stress 
- 
Discrimination and harassment shall not occur at our workplaces 
- 
The design of our properties shall contribute to the security, safety and health of those both inside 
and outside of them 
- 
Suppliers shall work in accordance with our Code of Conduct for suppliers 
- 
We aim to reflect the society in which we work in terms of gender, ethnicity and age 
- 
We aim to have no workplace accidents at our construction sites 
In the environmental area, Vasakronan has long been an industry leader through, inter alia, continuous 
improvement of its property portfolio’s energy performance and through increasing the proportion of 
environmentally certified buildings in its portfolio. In October 2021, Vasakronan was awarded Sector Leader 
by GRESB, the Global ESG Benchmark for Real Assets. Vasakronan was awarded a score of 96 out of 100 in 
the existing properties category, and 99 out of 100 in the project development category, which placed 
Vasakronan in the top position in both categories.  
49%
49%
47%
46%
45%
42%
40%
41%
39%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021

--- Page 123 ---
121 
 
 
The energy consumption in existing properties has been more than halved since 2009 and as at 31 December 
2021 70 per cent. of the portfolio’s properties had an energy consumption below 100 kilowatt hour/square 
metre.  The average energy consumption as at 31 December 2021 was 83 kWh/sqm. 
Energy consumption 
 
As at 31 December 2021 94 per cent. of Vasakronan’s investment portfolio had environmental certifications 
(by BREEAM, LEED or Miljöbyggnad). Of the certified assets 82 per cent. are certified according to LEED 
on a Gold or Platinum level or BREEAM Outstanding or Excellent. Vasakronan’s long-term goal is to have 
100 per cent. of the portfolio environmentally certified. 
The increased use of energy from  renewable and/or climate-neutral sources have reduced carbon dioxide 
emissions of Vasakronan in Scope 1 (such as oil, vehicles used for business and service vehicles and 
refrigerants) and Scope 2 (such as district heating and cooling and electricity) as at 2021 by approximately 90 
per cent. since 2006.  Vasakronan’s stated strategic objective for the long term is to be climate neutral in the 
whole value chain, including not just Scope 1 and 2 emissions, but also Scope 3 (such as emissions from 
purchases of goods and services and emissions related to the tenant's usages of premises), by 2030. 
 
 
50
70
90
110
130
150
170
190
210
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
kWh/sqm

--- Page 124 ---
122 
 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES  
A number of the financial measures presented by Vasakronan under "Description of the Issuer" are not defined 
in accordance with the IFRS accounting standards. However, Vasakronan believes that these measures provide 
useful supplementary information to both investors and Vasakronan's management, as they facilitate the 
evaluation of company performance. It is to be noted that, since not all companies calculate financial 
measurements in the same manner, these are not always comparable to measurements used by other companies. 
Accordingly, these financial measures should not be seen as a substitute for measures defined according to 
IFRS. Unless otherwise stated, the list below presents alternative performance measures, along with their 
reconciliation to the extent that such information is not defined according to IFRS and not included in 
Vasakronan's financial statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
Average debt-to-maturity – The volume-weighted remaining maturity on interest-bearing liabilities and 
derivatives on the closing date. Intended as an indication of the Issuer's financial risk. 
Average interest rate – The volume-weighted interest rate on interest-bearing liabilities and derivatives on 
the closing date. Intended as an indication of the Issuer's cost of capital. 
Average interest rate to maturity – The volume-weighted remaining maturity on fixed-interest rates on 
interest-bearing liabilities and derivatives on the closing date. Intended as an indication of the Issuer's interest-
rate risk. 
Central administration – Costs at the Group level that are not directly related to property management, such 
as costs associated with the Group management team, property investments, financing and central marketing. 
EBITDA – Rental revenue less operating expenses, repairs and maintenance, property administration, property 
tax, ground rents and land leases, central administration and results from participations in joint ventures. 
Intended as an indication of the current earnings in property management activities. 
EBITDA Margin – EBITDA divided by rental revenues. Intended as an indication of the current earnings in 
property management activities. 
Interest coverage ratio – EBITDA divided by net interest. Intended as an indication of the Issuer's sensitivity 
to fluctuations in interest rates. 
Loan-to-value ratio - Net interest-bearing liabilities divided by the fair value of investment properties on the 
closing date  less deductions for leaseholds and land leases on the closing date. Intended as an indication of 
the Issuer's financial risk. 
Return on Investment – Average sum of total yield and change in value on project developments by the time 
of completion.  
 
Surplus ratio – Net operating income divided by rental revenue. Intended as an indication of the current 
earnings in property management activities. 
Total return, total holdings – Sum total of direct yield and change in value, including projects and 
transactions. Calculated according to the same method as the IPD Index. Intended as an indication of the return 
on total assets.

--- Page 125 ---
123 
 
 
The following table provides information in respect of certain key performance indicators and illustrates the 
basis for their calculations for the current and previous financial periods as at the dates indicated. 
 
EBITDA, SEK m 
For the year 
ended 31 Dec 2020 
For the year 
ended 31 Dec 2021 
 
 
 
Net operating income 
5,189 
5,533 
Central administration 
(118) 
(124) 
Cashflow from dividends in joint venture 
34 
183 
Ground rents and leases  
(165) 
(167) 
EBITDA, SEK m 
4,940 
5,425 
  
  
 
EBITDA Margin, % 
 
 
Rental revenue 
7,006 
7,425 
EBITDA 
4,940 
5,425 
EBITDA Margin, % 
71% 
73% 
  
  
 
Interest coverage ratio, times 
 
 
EBITDA  
4,940 
5,425 
Net interest income and expense 
(1,117) 
(1,051) 
Interest coverage ratio, times 
4.4 
5.2 
  
  
 
LTV (Loan-to value ratio), % 
 
 
Net interest-bearing liabilities 
66,759 
70,317 
Investment properties 
162,420 
181,575 
LTV (Loan-to value ratio), % 
41% 
39% 
  
  
 
Net interest-bearing liabilities, SEK m 
 
 
Non-current interest-bearing liabilities 
55,659 
59,342 
Current interest-bearing liabilities 
13,658 
14,496 
Cash and cash equivalents 
(2,558) 
(3,521) 
Net interest-bearing liabilities, SEK m 
66,759 
70,317

--- Page 126 ---
124 
 
 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT 
In view of the general interest in Vasakronan's operations, and since Vasakronan's domestic bonds are listed 
on Nasdaq Stockholm, the Swedish Corporate Governance Code is applied by Vasakronan in the conduct of 
its business and operations.  
According to Vasakronan's articles of association, the Board of Directors (the Board) shall at any time consist 
of at least three and not more than ten members, excluding any employee representatives. The AP-fund owners 
can, but are not obliged to be, represented on the Board. In addition to the AP-fund owner representatives, the 
ambition of the AP-fund owners is that the Board also contains members who are independent in relation to 
Vasakronan and the AP-fund owners. The independent members will supplement the Board with specific 
industry competence. The members of the Board are elected by the annual general meeting.  
The Board currently consists of nine members. Each member is appointed for a period of one year at the annual 
general meeting and can stand for re-election in subsequent years. There is no limit on how many times a 
member can stand for (re-)election. The current members of the Board (elected at the 2020 annual general 
meeting held on 4 May 2020) for the period until the 2021 annual general meeting are as follows: 
Ulrika Francke (Chairperson) 
Elected: 2018  
Other assignments: Chairman of Knightec, Board member of Hexagon, SIS (Swedish Standards Institute), 
Formas research programme Hållbart Samhällsbyggande and Sven Thyréns foundation. 
Previous experience: Deputy Chairman of Swedbank, President and CEO of Tyréns AB, CEO SBC (Sveriges 
Bostadsrättscentrum AB), Director of Administration and City Commissioner City of Stockholm, President 
and CEO of Fastighets AB Brommastaden. Board assignment at IVA Avd. III. 
Independent: Independent in relation to the AP-fund owners, Vasakronan and its management. 
Kristin Magnusson Bernard (member) 
Elected: 2020 
Other assignments: CEO, First National Pension Fund. 
Previous experience: Executive positions at the International Monetary Fund, the European Central Bank and 
Nordea. 
Independent: AP-fund representative. 
Ann-Sofi Danielsson (member) 
Elected: 2017 
Other assignments: Board member of Pandox and Nordomatic. 
Previous experience: CFO and other executive positions at the NCC Group. CFO at Bonava. 
Independent: Independent in relation to the AP-fund owners, Vasakronan and its management. 
Niklas Ekvall (member) 
Elected: 2016

--- Page 127 ---
125 
 
 
Other assignments: CEO, Fourth National Pension Fund. Board member of the Hans Dalborg Stiftelse för 
Bank- och Finansforskning, the KVA Investment Committee, Polhem Infra and the Swedish House of Finance. 
Previous experience: CEO of Nordea Investment Management; Vice President, Third National Pension Fund; 
executive positions in Nordea, Carnegie and Handelsbanken. 
Independent: AP-fund representative. 
Eva Halvarsson (member) 
Elected: 2006 
Other assignments: CEO, Second National Pension Fund. Board member of UN-PRI, the Swedish Royal 
Opera, IWF, FinansKompetensCentrum, WIN WIN Award and Misum. 
Previous experience: Tax auditor and head of State ownership administration. 
Independent: AP-fund representative. 
Kerstin Hessius (member) 
Elected: 2004 
Other assignments: CEO, Third National Pension Fund. Board member of Hemsö, Trenum, Handelsbanken. 
Previous experience: CEO of the Stockholm Stock Exchange, Deputy Governor of the Swedish Central Bank, 
executive positions at SVEDAB, Öresunds Konsortiet, Östgöta Enskilda Bank and Alfred Berg. Chairman of 
Finansmarknadsrådet. 
Independent: AP-fund representative 
Christel Kinning (member) 
Elected: 2014 
Other assignments: Chief Transformation & People Officer Oatly. Board member of Stadium, 
Zoundindustries, Venue Retail Group and Björn Borg. 
Previous experience: CEO of Polarn O. Pyret, CEO of RNB Retail and Brands and executive positions at 
Reima and Kellermann Scandinavia. 
Independent: Independent in relation to the AP-fund owners, Vasakronan and its management. 
Magnus Meyer (member) 
Elected: 2019 
Other assignments: CEO of WSP Europe. Board member of Kinnarps, Slättö Förvaltning and HiQ. 
Previous experience: Technical Attaché in Los Angeles. Executive positions at Ljungbergsgruppen, GE Real 
Estate and CEO of Tengbom. 
Independent: Independent in relation to the AP-fund owners, Vasakronan and its management.

--- Page 128 ---
126 
 
 
Kia Orback Pettersson (member) 
Elected: 2019 
Other assignments: Chairman of Friskis & Svettis. Board member of Knowit, Karl Adam Bonnier Foundation 
and SVT. 
Previous experience: Marketing Director at Dagens Nyheter, Deputy CEO of Guldfynd and CEO of 
Sturegallerian, Board Member of Visual Art and Karolinska Sjukhuset. 
Independent: Independent in relation to the AP-fund owners, Vasakronan and its management. 
The business address of each of the Directors of the Issuer is Box 30074, 111 57 Stockholm, Sweden. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties of directors of the Issuer and their private 
interests and/or other duties.  
In order to enhance the efficiency of its work, the Board has established an Audit Committee and a 
Remuneration Committee. The primary task of these committees is to prepare the decisions of the Board in 
these two areas. 
Audit Committee 
The Board has appointed an Audit Committee consisting of three Board members. The Committee's areas of 
responsibility are regulated in the rules of procedure established by the Board. The Audit Committee's key 
functions include preparing the work of the Board on quality assurance of the financial reporting, monitoring 
the work of company management on internal control and evaluating the audit work. The Audit Committee 
consists of Ann-Sofi Danielsson, who is also the chairperson; Eva Halvarsson and Ulrika Francke. All 
members have the competence in auditing required under the Annual Accounts Act. 
Remuneration Committee 
The Board has appointed a Remuneration Committee consisting of two Board members. The Committee's 
areas of responsibility are regulated in rules of procedure established by the Board. The Remuneration 
Committee's primary function is to make recommendations to the Board about the remuneration of Board 
members, senior management and profit-sharing programme for employees. The committee also monitors 
compliance with the "Guidelines for Terms of Employment for Senior Executives in state-owned Companies". 
The Remuneration Committee consists of Ulrika Francke, who is also the Chairman, and Niklas Ekvall.

--- Page 129 ---
127 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes.  It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or elsewhere.  
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be 
relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other 
amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries.  This 
summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in 
law that may take effect after such date. 
Kingdom of Sweden 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposal 
of Notes.  The summary is based on the laws of Sweden as in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus and 
is intended to provide general information only.  The summary is not exhaustive and does thus not address all 
potential aspects of Swedish taxation that may be relevant for a potential investor in the Notes and is neither 
intended to be nor should be construed as legal or tax advice.  In particular, the summary does not address 
the rules regarding reporting obligations for, among others, payers of interest.  Specific tax consequences may 
be applicable to certain categories of corporations, e.g. investment companies and life insurance companies, 
not described below.  In addition, the summary does not address Notes that are held on an "investment savings 
account" (investeringssparkonto) that are subject to a specific tax regime.  Investors should consult their 
professional tax advisors regarding the Swedish and foreign tax consequences (including the applicability and 
effect of double taxation treaties) of acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes in their particular 
circumstances. 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
As used herein, a non-resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is not a resident 
of Sweden for tax purposes and who has no connection to Sweden other than his/her investment in the Notes, 
or (b) an entity not organised under the laws of Sweden. 
Payments of any principal amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to 
a non-resident holder of any Notes should not be subject to Swedish income tax provided that such holder does 
not carry out business activities from a permanent establishment in Sweden to which the Notes are effectively 
connected.  Under Swedish tax law, no withholding tax is imposed on payments of principal or interest to a 
non-resident holder of any Notes. 
Under Swedish tax law, a capital gain on a sale of Notes by a non-resident holder will not be subject to Swedish 
income tax unless the non-resident holder of Notes carries on business activities in Sweden through a 
permanent establishment to which the Notes are attributable. 
Private individuals who are not resident in Sweden for tax purposes may be liable to capital gains taxation in 
Sweden upon disposal or redemption of certain financial instruments, depending on the classification of the 
particular financial instrument for Swedish income tax purposes, if they have been resident in Sweden or have 
lived permanently in Sweden at any time during the calendar year of disposal or redemption or the ten calendar 
years preceding the year of disposal or redemption.  This liability may, however, be limited by tax treaties 
between Sweden and other countries. 
Resident holders of Notes 
As used herein, a resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is a resident in Sweden 
for tax purposes or (b) an entity organised under the laws of Sweden.

--- Page 130 ---
128 
 
 
Generally, for Swedish corporations and private individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) that are 
resident holders of any Notes, all capital income (e.g. income that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax 
purposes and capital gains on Notes) will be taxable. 
Amortisation of principal is not otherwise subject to Swedish income tax.  Swedish tax law does not impose 
withholding tax on payments of principal or interest to a resident holder of notes.  However, if amounts that 
are considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid to a private individual (or an estate of a deceased 
person) that is a resident holder of Notes, Swedish preliminary tax (preliminärskatt) is normally withheld on 
such payments at a rate of 30 per cent. 
Kingdom of Norway  
General 
The following is a general summary of Norwegian tax considerations relating to acquisitions, holding and 
disposal of Notes issued under the Programme.  The information does not purport to be a complete summary 
of Norwegian tax law and practice currently applicable.  This summary is based upon the law as in effect on 
the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date.  Such 
changes could be made on a retrospective basis. 
Norwegian tax legislation does not currently include statutory legislation relating specifically to notes.  Instead, 
taxation treatment must be derived from general tax rules and principles applicable to capital income and 
capital gains.  Therefore, the answers to certain questions in respect of the legal basis and principles of 
recognition of income related to the Notes may be uncertain.  The terms of the Notes may cause the taxation 
of the Notes to depart from the taxation treatment described in this summary. 
Due to the general nature of this summary, potential investors are advised to consult with and rely upon their 
own tax advisers.  Noteholders tax resident in jurisdictions other than Norway should consult with and rely 
upon local tax advisers as regards the tax position in their country of residence. 
Non-Norwegian holders 
(a) 
Payment of interest 
Payments of principal and interest on the Notes to persons or legal entities not considered resident in 
Norway for tax purposes, (nor considered to hold the Notes in connection with business activities 
conducted or managed in Norway), are not subject to any withholding or deduction for or on account 
of any Norwegian taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges. 
(b) 
Sale, exchange and redemption of Notes 
Gains or profits realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of the Notes by persons or legal entities 
not considered resident in Norway for tax purposes (nor considered to hold the Notes in connection 
with business activities conducted or managed in Norway), are not subject to Norwegian taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges. 
(c) 
Stamp duties and net wealth taxation 
No Norwegian issue tax or stamp duties are payable in connection with the issue of the Notes. 
Notes held by persons or legal entities not considered resident in Norway for tax purposes (nor 
considered to hold the Notes in connection with business activities conducted or managed in Norway), 
will not be subject to net wealth taxation in Norway. 
Norwegian holders

--- Page 131 ---
129 
 
 
(a) 
Payment of interest 
Holders of Notes resident in Norway for tax purposes will be subject to Norwegian capital income 
taxation on interest which is currently 22 per cent. (25 per cent. for financial companies subject to 
financial tax).  The same applies to persons and legal entities that hold the Notes in connection with 
any business activity conducted or managed in Norway. 
Interest is as a general rule recognised for tax purposes at the time the interest is considered acquired 
on an accrual basis.  This means that neither the actual payment nor the due date of possible payment 
of interest is as a starting point decisive when determining when interest deriving from the Notes is 
recognised for tax purposes. 
(b) 
Sale, exchange and redemption of Notes 
Holders of Notes resident in Norway for tax purposes are taxed in Norway on realised gains (including 
sale, exchange and redemption) of Notes and have a right to deduct losses, which arise on such 
realisation, provided that one of the following conditions is met: 
(i) 
the Notes are classified as debentures ("mengdegjeldsbrev") as opposed to non-negotiable 
debt, or 
(ii) 
the realisation of the Notes is connected to business activities. 
Gains are taxable as ordinary income, currently at a rate of 22 per cent. (25 per cent. for financial 
companies subject to financial tax).  Losses are deductible at the same rate.  This will include gains or 
losses attributed to any change in the denominated currency (other than NOK).  Such gains or losses 
are taxable even if the Notes are not classified as debentures or not connected to business activities. 
The same applies to persons and legal entities that hold the Notes in connection with any business 
activity conducted or managed in Norway. 
Net wealth taxation 
For holders of Notes resident in Norway for tax purposes or that hold the Notes in connection with business 
activities conducted or managed in Norway, except limited liability companies and similar entities, the Notes 
will be taken into account for net wealth tax purposes in Norway.  Listed Notes are valued at the market value 
on 1 January in the assessment year.  The marginal rate of net wealth tax is 0.95 per cent. for net worth above 
a minimum threshold of NOK 1,700,000, and 1.1 per cent. for net worth above a minimum threshold of NOK 
20,000,000. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (each other than Estonia, a participating Member State).  However, Estonia has since 
stated that it will not participate.  
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary' market transactions) in certain circumstances.  The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States.  Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least one 
party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State.  A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of

--- Page 132 ---
130 
 
 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA)  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" (as defined in FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements.  The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions 
(including the Kingdom of Sweden) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions.  Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution 
in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments 
that it makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as 
the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, 
such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the publication of the final regulations 
defining "foreign passthru payments" and Notes issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date 
on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are published generally would be 
"grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date.  However, if 
additional notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues") that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and 
are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes 
offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  Holders 
should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.  
In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 133 ---
131 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP 
Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Danske Bank A/S, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, DNB 
Bank ASA, Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
and Swedbank AB (publ) and any additional dealers that may accede to the Programme from time to time (the 
Dealers).  The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, 
and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 26 April 2022 (the 
Dealer Agreement) and made between the Issuer and the Dealers.  If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the 
method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by 
the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final 
Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is material 
to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms.  If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the 
Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, 
the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of 
those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those 
Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond 
the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed 
to act as Stabilisation Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other agreed 
deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription.  The Dealer Agreement 
provides that the obligations of any Dealer to subscribe for Notes under any such agreement are subject to 
certain conditions and that, in certain circumstances, a Dealer shall be entitled to be released and discharged 
from its obligations under any such agreement prior to the issue of the relevant Notes. The Dealer Agreement 
makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment 
of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche 
of Notes. 
Certain of the Dealers have, directly or indirectly through affiliates, provided investment and commercial 
banking, financial advisory and other services to the Issuer and its affiliates from time to time, for which they 
have received monetary compensation. Certain of the Dealers may from time to time also enter into swap and 
other derivative transactions with the Issuer and its affiliates. In addition, certain of the Dealers and their 
affiliates may in the future engage in investment banking, commercial banking, financial or other advisory 
transactions with the Issuer or its affiliates. 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms or neither if TEFRA 
is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the

--- Page 134 ---
132 
 
 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer 
or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of  MiFID II; 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes does not include a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", in relation to each Member State of the 
European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be) to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that 
Member State:  
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation,

--- Page 135 ---
133 
 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes the legend 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes does not include the 
legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an 
offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,

--- Page 136 ---
134 
 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the 
expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or 
sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; 
and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional Kingdom of Sweden Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that no Notes will be offered to the public in Sweden nor admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in Sweden unless and until (a) a prospectus in relation to those Notes has been approved 
by the competent authority in Sweden or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and such 
competent authority has certified to the competent authority in Sweden that the prospectus has been approved 
with respect to the EU Prospectus Regulation; or (b) an exemption from the requirement to prepare a 
prospectus is available under the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional Kingdom of Norway Securities Laws 
The Notes shall be registered with Euronext VPS in dematerialised form or in another central securities 
depository which is properly authorised and recognised by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (in

--- Page 137 ---
135 
 
 
Norwegian: Finanstilsynet) as being entitled to register the Notes pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 909/2014, 
unless (a) the Notes are denominated in NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway to non-Norwegian tax 
residents only, or (b) the Notes are denominated in a currency other than NOK and offered or sold outside of 
Norway. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional Kingdom of Belgium Securities Laws 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, 
and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the FIEA).  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly 
or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for 
the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including 
any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or resale, directly 
or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from 
the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan.  
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified 
or amended from time to time (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as 
defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 
275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,

--- Page 138 ---
136 
 
 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
1. 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
2. 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
3. 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
4. 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
5. 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent warrant and agree that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws 
and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in 
all cases at its own expense.  Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes 
are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country 
or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" 
above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement 
or modification may be set out in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus or in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 139 ---
137 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer 
passed on 22 April 2022.  The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary 
consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes.  
2. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 
months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries.  
3. 
Significant/Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries 
nor has there been any material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2021. 
4. 
Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer have been audited without qualification for the 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 by Ernst &Young AB, who are authorised and 
regulated by the Supervisory Board of Public Accountants – Karlavägen 104, 115 26 Stockholm, 
Sweden who have given, and have not withdrawn, their consent to the incorporation by reference of 
their reports in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which they are incorporated. 
5. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
relation to Notes issued under the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of Notes issued under 
the Programme to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
6. 
Documents on Display 
Copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof) may be inspected in 
electronic form on the website https://vasakronan.se/en, for 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
(a) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuer (as may be updated from time to time); 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(c) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(d) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); 
(e) 
the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin; and 
(f) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement. 
A copy of the VPS Trustee Agreement will be available for inspection at the registered office of the 
Issuer and at the registered office of the VPS Trustee and on the website https://vasakronan.se/en.

--- Page 140 ---
138 
 
 
7. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The 
appropriate common code, International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), Financial 
Instrument Short Name (FISN) and Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) code (as applicable) 
in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The relevant 
Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for 
clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
VPS Notes will be registered with Verdipapirsentralen ASA  (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) 
(Euronext VPS), Fred. Olsens gate 1, P.O. Box 1174 Sentrum, NO-0107, Oslo, Norway.  Investors 
with accounts in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg may hold VPS Notes in their accounts 
with such clearing systems and the relevant clearing system will be shown in the records of Euronext 
VPS as the holder of the relevant amount of VPS Notes. 
8. 
Notes Having a Maturity of Less Than One Year 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by 
the Issuer in the UK or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment 
maintained by the Issuer in the UK, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to persons whose ordinary activities 
involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other 
circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
9. 
Issue Price and Yield 
Notes may be issued at any price.  The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method 
of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable Final Terms.  
In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in 
respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the 
issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most 
recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the 
relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price.  It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
10. 
The Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 5493007LNZSEWN5KTV42. 
11. 
Issuer Website 
The Issuer's website is https://vasakronan.se/en/. Unless specifically incorporated into this Base 
Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
12. 
Validity of Prospectus and Prospectus Supplements 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this base prospectus after 
the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 141 ---
139 
 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Vasakronan AB (publ) 
Box 30074 
111 57 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
ARRANGER 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2, D02 RF29 
Ireland 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
 
 Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gt 30 
N-0021 Oslo 
Norway 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Finland 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)  
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8  
106 40 Stockholm  
Sweden 
 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Blasieholmstorg 11 
SE-106 70 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE-105 34 
Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
6th Floor, Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom

--- Page 142 ---
140 
 
 
REGISTRAR  
Citibank Europe plc  
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 
Ireland 
 
VPS TRUSTEE 
Nordic Trustee AS 
 Kronsprinsesse Märthas plass 1 
0160 Oslo 
Norway 
VPS AGENT 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), 
Oslo Branch 
Filipstad Brygge 1 
NO-0123 Oslo  
Norway 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer  
as to English law: 
To the Issuer  
as to Swedish law: 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyrå AB 
Norrlandsgatan 21 
Box 1711 
111 87 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
To the Dealers  
as to English law: 
To the Issuer 
as to Norwegian law: 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
 
Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS 
PO Box 1524 Vika 
N-0117 Oslo 
Norway 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER  
 
Ernst &Young AB 
Hamngatan 26   
111 47 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland