--- Page 1 ---
This document constitutes a base prospectus in respect of non-equity securities within the meaning of Article 
8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Base Prospectus"). 
BASE PROSPECTUS  
 
VCL MASTER RESIDUAL VALUE S.A. 
 
acting with respect to its Compartment 2 
 
(incorporated with limited liability in Luxembourg with registered number B184029) 
 
as Issuer  
 
EUR 10,000,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of Notes 
(the "Programme")  
 
Under this Programme, VCL Master Residual Value S.A. (the "Issuer") acting with respect to its Compartment 
2 may from time to time issue asset backed floating rate Class A Notes and asset backed floating rate Class 
B Notes (together the "Notes") denominated in Euro (subject always to compliance with all legal and/or 
regulatory requirements).  
In this Base Prospectus, a reference to the Issuer without any specific reference to its Compartment(s) means 
that the Issuer is acting with respect to its Compartment 2. 
The Issuer will issue the relevant Class of Notes in series with different issue dates, interest rates and 
scheduled repayment dates (but having the same interest payment dates) (each a "Series"). For each issue 
of Notes final terms to this Base Prospectus (each such final terms referred to as "Final Terms") will be 
provided as a separate document. The Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. 
The proceeds of any Notes will be used to finance the purchase by the Issuer of Residual Values in the form 
of expectancy rights (Eigentumsanwartschaftsrecht; the "Expectancy Rights"). Such Expectancy Rights 
result from the security title to the related Leased Vehicles (which has been transferred in connection with the 
sale of the Lease Receivables to the Relevant Lease Receivables Purchaser and further to the Relevant 
Security Trustee) being automatically retransferred to the Seller upon the satisfaction of certain conditions. 
The Issuer transfers such Expectancy Rights on to the Expectancy Rights Trustee for the benefit of the 
Programme Creditors and the Expectancy Rights Trustee will acquire full legal title to the Leased Vehicle, for 
which it acquired the related Expectancy Right only at the point in time when such conditions have been 
satisfied – and not at the Closing Date or the Additional Purchase Date, as applicable. 
Each Note entitles the holder to demand the payment of a particular amount of interest and/or principal only, 
if and to the extent such amounts have been received by the Issuer from the Expectancy Rights Collection 
Amount, from the Cash Collateral Account, from the enforcement of the Security with respect to the 
Expectancy Rights and from the Swap Agreements. The sum of the Nominal Amount of the Notes plus the 
overcollateralisation amount plus the Subordinated Loan equals the present value of the Purchased 
Expectancy Rights discounted to the relevant Cut-Off Date using the Expectancy Rights Discount Rate. In 
case of realisation of the Leased Vehicle and/or utilisation of the Cash Collateral Account to the extent any 
shortfall of Purchased Expectancy Rights is fully covered thereby, and subject to receipt in full of the amounts 
payable under the Swap Agreements each holder of a Note is entitled to payment of the principal amount 
plus interest calculated at a percentage rate per annum being the sum of one-month EURIBOR plus the 
applicable Margin, in each case with reference to the principal amount of each Note remaining outstanding 
immediately prior to the time of each payment and published pursuant to Condition 12. Payments of principal 
and interest on each series of Notes will be made monthly in arrear on the 25th day of each month in each 
year or, in the event such date is not a Business Day, on the next following Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month in which case the date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF") of Luxembourg in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
 
 
"Prospectus Regulation"). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and the 
Luxembourg law dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux 
prospectus pour valeurs mobilières) (the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"). Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are subject to this Base Prospectus or an 
endorsement of the Issuer that is subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. In the context of such approval, the CSSF neither 
assumes any responsibility nor gives any undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the 
transaction and the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus 
Law. Application will be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes to be listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated 
market upon their issuance. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for 
the purpose of Directive 2014/65/EU. This Base Prospectus constitutes, a prospectus for the purpose of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation, and, will be published in electronic form on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). The validity of this Base Prospectus will expire on 21 
September 2024. After such date there is no obligation of the Issuer to issue supplements to this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies. This Base 
Prospectus is published on the website of Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. (https://circumferencefs-
luxembourg.com).  
Any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the CSSF, except for any website referred to in the section of this Base Prospectus 
headed "DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE". 
Each of the Notes in the denomination of EUR 100,000 will be governed by the laws of Germany and will be 
represented by a global registered note (each a "Global Note"), without interest coupons. Each Global Note 
shall be deposited with a Common Depositary for Clearstream Banking société anonyme, Luxembourg 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and be held in book-entry form 
only. The Global Notes will not be exchangeable for definitive notes. The Notes are not Eurosystem eligible. 
See "OVERVIEW OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES – Global Notes." 
Ratings will be assigned to the Rated Notes by DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS"), and S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited ("S&P Global"). In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating 
for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union "EU" and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament, as amended 
by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 and by Regulation (EU) No 462/2013 ("CRA3"). Each of DBRS and S&P 
Global has been registered in accordance with the CRA3 and is established in the European Union. 
Reference is made to the list of registered or certified credit rating agencies published by ESMA, as last 
updated 
on 
27 
March 
2023, 
which 
can 
be 
found 
on 
the 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. The assignment of ratings to the Rated 
Notes or an outlook on these ratings is not a recommendation to invest in the Rated Notes and may be 
revised, suspended or withdrawn at any time. 
In accordance with CRA3 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA and 
as amended by the Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment, etc) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"), the credit ratings assigned to the Rated Notes by DBRS and S&P Global will be endorsed by 
DBRS Ratings Limited and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, as applicable, being rating agencies which are 
registered with the Financial Conduct Authority. UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered or certified under the UK CRA Regulation.  
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
("EURIBOR"), which is provided by European Money Markets Institute, with its office in Brussels, Belgium 
(the "Administrator"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Administrator does appear on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the 
"Benchmarks Regulation").

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
 
 
Securitisation Regulation 
The Seller, in its capacity as originator, will retain for the life of the Programme a material net economic 
interest of not less than 5 per cent. in the Programme in accordance with Article 6(3)(d) of Regulation (EU) 
2017/2402 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 laying down a general 
framework for securitisation and creating a specific framework for simple, transparent and standardised 
securitisation (the "Securitisation Regulation") and undertakes that it will not reduce, hedge or otherwise 
mitigate its credit exposure to the material net economic interest for the purposes of Article 6(1) of the 
Securitisation Regulation and Article 12 of the Commission Delegated Regulation specifying the risk retention 
requirements pursuant to the Securitisation Regulation and, pursuant to Article 43(7) of the Securitisation 
Regulation, until regulatory technical standards are adopted by the Commission pursuant to Article 6(7) of 
the Securitisation Regulation, provided that the level of retention may reduce over time in compliance with 
Article 10(2) of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 625/2014 or any successor delegated regulation. 
As of the Issue Date, the retention will in accordance with Article 6(3)(d) of the Securitisation Regulation, and, 
pursuant to Article 43(7) of the Securitisation Regulation, until regulatory technical standards are adopted by 
the Commission pursuant to Article 6(7) of the Securitisation Regulation, be comprised of the first loss tranche 
being the sum of (i) amounts required for overcollateralisation purposes (which shall include, for the avoidance 
of doubt, amounts standing to the credit of the Accumulation Account from time to time) and (ii) the amount 
as set forth in connection with the issuance of the relevant Notes for the endowment of the Cash Collateral 
Account to equal the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance, such sum being equivalent to no 
less than 5 per cent. of the nominal value of the securitised exposures.  
The Servicer will prepare Monthly Investor Reports wherein relevant information with regard to the Purchased 
Expectancy Rights will be disclosed publicly together with an overview of the retention of the material net 
economic interest by the Seller with a view to complying with Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation. 
Each prospective investor is required to independently assess and determine the sufficiency of the information 
described in the preceding paragraphs of this section and in this Base Prospectus generally for the purposes 
of complying with Article 5 of the Securitisation Regulation and any corresponding national measures which 
may be relevant and none of the Issuer, the Seller (in its capacity as the Seller and the Servicer),  the Arranger, 
the Swap Counterparties, the Lead Manager, nor the Programme Parties makes any representation that the 
information described above or in this Base Prospectus generally is sufficient in all circumstances for such 
purposes. In addition, each prospective investor should ensure that it complies with the implementing 
provisions in respect of the Securitisation Regulation as applicable in its relevant jurisdiction. Prospective 
investors who are uncertain as to the requirements which apply to them in respect of their relevant jurisdiction 
should seek guidance from their regulator and/or independent legal advice on the issue.  
Pursuant to Article 27(1) of the Securitisation Regulation, the Seller notified the European Securities Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") that the Programme meets the requirements of Articles 19 to 22 of the Securitisation 
Regulation (the "STS Notification"). Purpose of the STS Notification is to set out how in the opinion of the 
Seller each requirement of Articles 19 to 22 of the Securitisation Regulation has been complied with. As the 
Programme is classified as STS, the most recent STS Notification is available for download on the website 
of ESMA. The STS Notification has been made in accordance with the requirements of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1226. ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website a list of all securitisations 
which the originators and sponsors have notified as meeting the STS Requirements in accordance with Article 
27(5) of the Securitisation Regulation. For this purpose, ESMA has set up a register under 
https://registers.esma.europa.eu/publication/searchRegister?core=esma_registers_stsre.  
The Seller accepts responsibility for the information set out in this section "Securitisation Regulation". 
The Seller has internal policies and procedures in relation to the granting of credit, administration of credit-
risk bearing portfolios and risk mitigation. The policies and procedures of the Seller in this regard broadly 
include the following: 
(a) 
criteria for the granting of credit and the process for approving, amending, renewing and re-financing 
credits, as to which please see further the section of this Base Prospectus headed "BUSINESS 
PROCEDURES OF VOLKSWAGEN LEASING GMBH" and "ADMINISTRATION OF THE 
PURCHASED EXPECTANCY RIGHTS AND FINAL PAYMENT RECEIVABLES UNDER THE 
SERVICING AGREEMENT";

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
systems in place to administer and monitor the various credit-risk bearing portfolios and exposures, 
as to which we note that the Portfolio will be serviced in line with the usual servicing procedures of 
the Seller – please see further the section of this Base Prospectus headed "ADMINISTRATION OF 
THE PURCHASED EXPECTANCY RIGHTS AND FINAL PAYMENT RECEIVABLES UNDER THE 
SERVICING AGREEMENT"; 
(c) 
diversification of credit portfolios given the Seller's target market and overall credit strategy, as to 
which, in relation to the Portfolio, please see the section of this Base Prospectus headed 
"DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTOFLIO"; 
(d) 
policies and procedures in relation to risk mitigation techniques, as to which please see further the 
sections of this Base Prospectus headed "BUSINESS PROCEDURES OF VOLKSWAGEN 
LEASING GMBH" and "ADMINISTRATION OF THE PURCHASED EXPECTANCY RIGHTS AND 
FINAL PAYMENT RECEIVABLES UNDER THE SERVICING AGREEMENT".  
For a discussion of significant factors affecting investments in the Notes, see "RISK FACTORS". 
For reference to the definitions of capitalised terms appearing in this Base Prospectus and certain 
interpretation rules, see "THE MASTER DEFINITIONS SCHEDULE". 
ARRANGER 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
 
LEAD MANAGER 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 21 September 2023.

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer accepts full responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final 
Terms. Subject to the foregoing, the Issuer has taken all reasonable care to ensure that the information given 
in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms is to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and 
does not omit anything likely to affect its import and the Issuer has taken all reasonable care to ensure that 
the information stated herein is true and accurate in all material respects and that there are no other material 
facts the omission of which would make misleading any statement herein, whether of fact or opinion. VWL as 
the Seller and Servicer only accepts full responsibility for information in this Base Prospectus and, if any, in 
the Final Terms relating to the Purchased Expectancy Rights, the disclosure of servicing related risk factors, 
risk factors relating to the Purchased Expectancy Rights, the information contained in "DESCRIPTION OF 
THE 
PORTFOLIO", 
"BUSINESS 
PROCEDURES 
OF 
VOLKSWAGEN 
LEASING 
GMBH", 
"ADMINISTRATION OF THE PURCHASED EXPECTANCY RIGHTS AND FINAL PAYMENT 
RECEIVABLES UNDER THE SERVICING AGREEMENT" and "BUSINESS AND ORGANISATION OF 
VOLKSWAGEN LEASING GMBH". VWL has taken all reasonable care to ensure that the information for 
which it accepts responsibility is, to the best of their knowledge, in accordance with the facts and does not 
omit anything likely to affect its import. The Lead Manager accepts full responsibility for the information 
contained in "WEIGHTED AVERAGE LIFE OF THE NOTES" (subject to the qualifications in such section), 
except that to the extent there is any inaccuracy resulting from information provided by VWL to the Lead 
Manager, in which case VWL is solely responsible for such information. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representations, other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus, in connection with the issue and sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representations must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, VWL, 
the VCL Master Security Trustee, the Expectancy Rights Trustee, the Servicer, the Data Protection Trustee, 
the Lead Manager or by the Arranger shown on the cover page or any other parties described in this Base 
Prospectus. The Lead Manager does not take responsibility for the subscription, sale or other matters in 
connection with the issue of any Notes under this Base Prospectus except to the extent that the Lead Manager 
takes part in such issue as manager, underwriter, selling agent or in similar capacity. The delivery of this Base 
Prospectus does not imply any assurance by the Issuer, VWL, the VCL Master Security Trustee, the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee, the Servicer, the Data Protection Trustee, the Lead Manager or by the Arranger 
shown on the cover page or any other parties described in this Base Prospectus that this Base Prospectus 
will continue to be correct at all times during the one-year period of validity except that the Issuer will publish 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus if and when required pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Any such supplement will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) and on the website of Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. (https://circumferencefs-
luxembourg.com). 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPS Regulation. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
 
 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the United Kingdom  has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom  may be unlawful under 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market 
Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market  
Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
pursuant to the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (a) the target market for the Notes is only: (i) eligible counterparties, as defined in 
COBS; and (ii) professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (b) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate, noting the responsibility of each 
manufacturer under COBS only. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Neither the Issuer nor VWL has undertaken any target market assessment or assumes responsibility for the 
results thereof. 
The Notes at all times may not be purchased, without the prior consent of the Seller, by any person except 
for persons that are not "U.S. persons" as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules ("Risk Retention U.S. 
Persons"). "U.S. Risk Retention Rules" means Regulation RR (17 C.F.R Part 246) implementing the risk 
retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Prospective 
investors should note that the definition of "U.S. person" in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules is substantially 
similar to, but not identical to, the definition of "U.S. person" in Regulation S. Each purchaser of Notes, 
including beneficial interests therein, will be deemed to, and in certain circumstances will be required to, 
represent and agree that (1) it is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person (2) it is acquiring such Note or a beneficial 
interest therein for its own account and not with a view to distribute such Note to a U.S. person; and (3) it is 
not acquiring such Note or a beneficial interest therein as part of a scheme to evade the requirements of the 
U.S. Risk Retention Rules.  
The Notes may not be offered, or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
Persons except (i) pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to the registration 
requirements of, the Securities Act and (ii) in accordance with an exemption from the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules. 
The issuance of the Notes was not designed to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules other than the 
exemption under Section _.20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules and no other steps have been taken by the 
Issuer, the Seller, the Arranger, the Lead Manager or any of their affiliates or any other party to accomplish 
such compliance. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor any offering, sale or delivery of any Notes 
shall, under any circumstances, create any implication (i) that the information in this Base Prospectus is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof, or (ii) that there has been no adverse change in the financial 
situation of the Issuer or with respect to VWL since the date of this Base Prospectus or the balance sheet

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
 
 
date of the most recent relevant financial statements or (iii) that any other information supplied in connection 
with the issue of the Notes is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, 
the date indicated in the document containing the same. This does not affect the obligation of the Issuer to 
file a supplement in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Any such supplement will be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the website of 
Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. (https://circumferencefs-luxembourg.com). 
No action has been taken by the Issuer, the Lead Manager and the Arranger other than as set out in this 
Base Prospectus that would permit a public offering of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other offering material in any country or jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus (or any part hereof) or any Final Terms, nor any advertisement or other offering materials may be 
issued, distributed or published in any country or jurisdiction except in compliance with applicable laws, 
orders, rules and regulations, and the Issuer, the Lead Manager and the Arranger have represented that all 
offers and sales by them have been made on such terms. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to 
buy any securities other than the securities to which it relates or an offer to sell or the solicitation of any offer 
to buy any of the securities offered hereby in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful.  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus (or of any part thereof) or any Final Terms and the offering and sale 
of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus (or any part thereof) comes are required by the Issuer, the Lead Manager and the Arranger to 
inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final 
Terms constitute, or may be used for, or in connection with, an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction 
in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer 
or solicitation. For a further description of certain restrictions on offerings and sales of the Notes and 
distribution of this Base Prospectus (or of any part thereof) or any Final Terms see "SUBSCRIPTION AND 
SALE". 
THE NOTES OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE 
SECURITIES LAWS, NOR HAS THE ISSUER BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940 (THE "INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT"). THE ISSUER WILL BE 
RELYING ON AN EXCLUSION OR EXEMPTION FROM THE DEFINITION OF "INVESTMENT COMPANY" 
UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT CONTAINED IN SECTION 3(C)(1) OF THE INVESTMENT 
COMPANY ACT, ALTHOUGH THERE MAY BE ADDITIONAL STATUTORY OR REGULATORY 
EXCLUSIONS OR EXEMPTIONS AVAILABLE TO THE ISSUER. 
If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document you should consult your stockbroker, 
bank manager, legal advisor, accountant or other financial adviser. 
 
An investment in the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus is only suitable for financially 
sophisticated investors who are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such investment and 
who have sufficient resources to be able to bear any losses which may result from such investment 
(including the total loss of the amount invested in the Notes together with the expenses incurred for 
purchasing and holding the Notes). 
It should be remembered that the price of securities and the expected income from them may 
decrease. 
 
Neither the Arranger nor the Lead Manager has verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by any of the Arranger or the Lead Manager as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms, except for such information for which a responsibility 
of the Arranger or the Lead Manager is explicitly provided for. In making an investment decision, investors 
must rely on their own examination of the terms of this offering, including the merits and risks involved.

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW 
 
 
 
Revolving Period 
 
The period from (and including) the Closing Date and ending on (but excluding) 
the earlier of (i) the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date of the last 
outstanding Series of Notes and (ii) the occurrence of an Early Amortisation 
Event.  
 
 
 
Expected Ratings 
on Initial Issue 
Date and any 
Further Issue 
Date for all Series 
of Rated Class A 
Notes 
 
AAA (sf) by DBRS 
AAA (sf) by S&P Global 
Expected Ratings 
on Initial Issue 
Date and any 
Further Issue 
Date for all Series 
of Rated Class B 
Notes 
 
At least A(high) (sf) by DBRS 
At least A+ (sf) by S&P Global 
Each of DBRS and S&P Global is established in the European Union. 
According to the press release from European Securities Markets Authority 
("ESMA") dated 31 October 2011, DBRS and S&P Global have been registered 
in accordance with the CRA3. Reference is made to the list of registered or 
certified credit rating agencies published by ESMA which can be found on 
following 
website 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk. 
In accordance with the UK CRA Regulation, the credit ratings assigned to the 
Rated Notes by DBRS and S&P Global will be endorsed by DBRS Ratings Limited 
and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, as applicable, being rating agencies which 
are registered with the Financial Conduct Authority. 
 
 
 
Form 
 
Global registered notes held by a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream Luxembourg. 
 
 
 
Listing and 
Admission to 
Trading 
 
Application will be made for listing on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and for admission to trading of the Notes at the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
 
 
Clearing 
 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/ 
Euroclear

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
 
 
KEY MINIMUM REQUIRED RATING DURING THE TERM OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
Short-term ratings 
Long-term ratings 
Account Bank Required Rating 
 
"A" from DBRS or 
DBRS Critical Obligations Rating 
of "A (high)" and 
 
"A-1" from S&P Global and 
"A" from S&P Global or 
 
 
"A+" from S&P Global 
Eligible Swap Counterparty 
(without collateral) 
 
"A" from DBRS or 
DBRS Critical Obligations Rating 
of "A" 
 
Counterparty ratings for the S&P 
Collateral Framework Option then 
in effect pursuant to the Swap 
Agreement. 
Counterparty ratings for the S&P 
Collateral Framework Option then 
in effect pursuant to the Swap 
Agreement.

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents 
Clause 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
12 
RISK FACTORS 
24 
I. RISK FACTORS WHICH ARE SPECIFIC AND MATERIAL TO THE ISSUER 
24 
II. RISKS RELATED TO THE NATURE OF THE NOTES 
26 
Liability and Limited Recourse under the Notes 
26 
Subordination of Notes 
26 
No gross up of payments 
27 
Change of Law 
27 
Risks in connection with the application of the German Debenture Act (Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz - SchVG)) 27 
Modification of Conditions of the Notes 
27 
Ratings of the Rated Notes 
27 
Responsibility of Prospective Investors 
28 
Interest Rate Risk / Risk of Swap Counterparty Insolvency 
28 
Market and Liquidity Risk for the Notes 
29 
Eurosystem Eligibility 
29 
III. RISKS RELATED TO THE PURCHASED EXPECTANCY RIGHTS 
29 
Credit Risk of the Parties 
29 
Adverse macroeconomic and geopolitical developments may have a material negative impact 
on the performance of the Issuer under the Notes 
29 
Risk of Losses on the Purchased Expectancy Rights and Final Payment Receivables 
30 
Risks Relating to the Insolvency of the Seller of the Purchased Expectancy Rights 
30 
Commingling Risk 
30 
Risk of Change of Servicer 
30 
Risk of Defences and other Set-Off Rights of Lessees against Assignment 
31 
Risk of Non-Existence of Purchased Expectancy Rights or Final Payment Receivables 
31 
Further German Civil Law Aspects 
31 
Termination for Good Cause (Kündigung aus wichtigem Grund) 
32 
Risk of Re-characterisation of the Programme as Loan Secured by Purchased Expectancy 
Rights and Final Payment Receivables 
32 
Reliance on Warranties 
32 
Reliance on Servicing and Collection Procedures 
33 
Conflicts of Interest 
33 
Risks regarding the Sale of Used Vehicles after automatic transfer of full legal title 
33 
Residual Value Risk 
34 
Historical and other Information 
34 
IV. RISKS RELATED TO REGULATORY CHANGES 
35 
Risk retention and due diligence requirements 
35 
Securitisation Regulation 
36 
U.S. Risk Retention 
37 
Reform of EURIBOR Determinations 
38 
Basel Capital Accord and regulatory capital requirements 
39 
V. RISKS RELATED TO THE TAXATION 
40 
The Common Reporting Standard 
40 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
43 
LEGAL STRUCTURE OF THE PROGRAMME 
44 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
46 
OVERVIEW OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
47

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
 
 
General Conditions of the Notes 
47 
Denomination 
47 
Global Notes 
47 
Payments of Principal and Interest 
47 
Amortisation Amounts 
48 
Order of Priority of distributions 
49 
Cash Collateral Account 
52 
Duties of the Issuer 
53 
Duties of VWL 
53 
Realisation of Security 
54 
Clean-Up Call 
54 
Principal Paying Agent, Registrar 
54 
Security, Expectancy Rights Trustee and Enforcement 
54 
Servicer 
56 
Dismissal and Replacement of the Servicer 
57 
Repurchase Agreement 
57 
Replacement of Issuer 
58 
Notices 
58 
Applicable Law, Place of Performance and Place of Jurisdiction 
58 
ACCOUNT BANK, CASH ADMINISTRATOR, CALCULATION AGENT AND REGISTRAR 
59 
SWAP AGREEMENT AND SWAP COUNTERPARTIES 
60 
TAXATION 
63 
Taxation in Germany 
63 
Taxation in Luxembourg 
65 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO 
71 
BUSINESS AND ORGANISATION OF VOLKSWAGEN LEASING GMBH 
97 
BUSINESS PROCEDURES OF VOLKSWAGEN LEASING GMBH 
99 
ADMINISTRATION OF THE PURCHASED EXPECTANCY RIGHTS AND FINAL PAYMENT 
RECEIVABLES UNDER THE SERVICING AGREEMENT 
106 
Audit of Activities of the Servicer 
110 
EXPECTANCY RIGHTS TRUSTEE 
111 
Data Protection Trustee 
112 
RATINGS 
113 
THE ISSUER 
114 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
118 
CORPORATE ADMINISTRATION AND ACCOUNTS 
119 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CLASS A NOTES 
120 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CLASS B NOTES 
129 
Annex A TRUST AGREEMENT 
138 
Annex B MASTER DEFINITIONS SCHEDULE 
160 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
194 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
197 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
201 
Authorisation of Note Issuance 
201 
Governmental, Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
201 
Material Adverse Change 
201 
Payment Information and Post-Issuance Transaction Information 
201 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
201 
ICSDs 
202 
Clearing Codes of Notes 
202 
Inspection of Documents 
202

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following section, which constitutes the general description of the Programme pursuant to Article 25 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, must be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its 
entirety by reference to, the more detailed information appearing elsewhere herein and in the relevant Final 
Terms. Any decision to invest in any Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a 
whole. Capitalised terms not specifically defined in this "GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME"  
have the respective meanings set out in the section "MASTER DEFINITIONS SCHEDULE". 
Only the Notes are the subject of this Base Prospectus. However, since the conditional retransfer of 
collateral granted for security purposes to Compartment 1 of VCL Master S.A. creates the Expectancy Rights 
to be sold to the Issuer, the principle features of the VCL Master Notes have been described as well for the 
sake of completeness.  
The Programme is an EUR 10,000,000,000 Programme for the issuance of the Notes under which the Issuer 
may from time to time issue asset backed floating rate notes denominated in Euro (subject always to 
compliance with all legal and/or regulatory requirements). The applicable terms of any Notes will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant purchaser prior to the issue of the Notes and will be set out in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes attached to, or incorporated by reference into, the relevant Global Note 
representing such Notes, as completed by the applicable Final Terms attached to, or incorporated by 
reference into, such Global Note (see "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES – 1. Form and Nominal 
Amount of the Notes" below for further detail). 
THE PARTIES 
Issuer 
VCL Master Residual Value S.A., acting with respect to its 
Compartment 2, a securitisation company within the meaning of the 
Luxembourg law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation ("Luxembourg 
Securitisation Law"), 22-24 boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, 
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg, registered with the trade and 
companies register under number B184029. The Issuer has elected 
its Articles of Incorporation (Statuts) to be governed by the 
Luxembourg Securitisation Law. The exclusive purpose of the Issuer 
is to enter into one or more securitisation transactions, each via a 
separate compartment ("Compartment") within the meaning of the 
Luxembourg Securitisation Law. The Notes will be funding the 
securitisation transactions of the Issuer.  
The 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
(LEI) 
of 
the 
Issuer 
is: 
5299002NC4CH843RN751. 
VCL Master S.A. 
VCL Master S.A., acting with respect to its Compartment 1, a 
securitisation company within the meaning of the Luxembourg law of 
22 March 2004 on securitisation ("Luxembourg Securitisation 
Law"), 22-24 boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of 
Luxembourg, registered with the trade and companies register under 
number B149052. VCL Master S.A. has elected its Articles of 
Incorporation (Statuts) to be governed by the Luxembourg 
Securitisation Law.  
Foundation 
Stichting CarLux, a foundation duly incorporated and validly existing 
under the laws of The Netherlands, having its registered office at 
Museumlaan 2, 3581HK Utrecht, The Netherlands and registered 
with the trade register of the Chamber of Commerce under number 
34283304 (the "Foundation"). The Foundation owns all of the issued 
shares of the Issuer. The Foundation does not have shareholders 
and would distribute any profits received from the Issuer (if any) to 
charitable organizations.

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
 
 
VCL Master Residual Value S.A., 
Compartment 2 
Compartment 2 of the Issuer relating to the issue of the Notes has 
been created by a decision of the board of directors of the Issuer 
taken on 3 November 2015. 
VCL Master S.A., Compartment 1 
Compartment 1 of VCL Master S.A. relating to the issue of the VCL 
Master Notes has been created by a decision of the board of 
directors of VCL Master S.A. taken on 18 December 2009.  
Seller 
Volkswagen 
Leasing 
GmbH, 
Gifhorner 
Straße 
57, 
38112 
Braunschweig, Federal Republic of Germany.  
Servicer 
Volkswagen 
Leasing 
GmbH, 
Gifhorner 
Straße 57, 
38112 
Braunschweig, Federal Republic of Germany. 
Arranger 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 12 place des Etats-
Unis, CS 70052, 92547 Montrouge Cedex, France. 
Lead Manager 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 12 place des Etats-
Unis, CS 70052, 92547 Montrouge Cedex, France. 
Swap Counterparty:  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 12 place des Etats-
Unis, CS 70052, 92547 Montrouge Cedex, France. 
Subordinated Lender 
An Affiliate of Volkswagen AG (the "Subordinated Lender") will 
provide the Subordinated Loan to the Issuer. 
Cash Collateral Account Bank 
The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch, MesseTurm, 
Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 49, 60327 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 
Distribution Account Bank 
The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch, MesseTurm, 
Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 49, 60327 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 
Accumulation Account Bank 
The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch, MesseTurm, 
Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 49, 60327 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 
Cash Administrator 
The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch, MesseTurm, 
Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 49, 60327 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 
Expectancy Rights Trustee 
Intertrust Trustees Limited, 1 Bartholomew Lane, London EC2N 
2AX, United Kingdom.  
Data Protection Trustee 
Amsterdamsch Trustee's Kantoor B.V., Basisweg 10, 1043 AP 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands. 
Principal Paying Agent  
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, 160 Queen Victoria 
Street, London, EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom. 
Interest Determination Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, 160 Queen Victoria 
Street, London, EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom. 
Calculation Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, 160 Queen Victoria 
Street, London, EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom. 
Registrar 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch, Vertigo 
Building – Polaris, 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg. 
Corporate Services Provider 
Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A., 22-24 boulevard Royal, L-
2449 Luxembourg. 
Rating Agencies  
DBRS and S&P Global.

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
 
 
German Process Agent 
Intertrust (Deutschland) GmbH, Eschersheimer Landstraße 14, 
60322 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 
English Process Agent 
Intertrust Management Limited, 1 Bartholomew Lane, London EC2N 
2AX, United Kingdom. 
Clearing Systems 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (CBL), a company incorporated as a 
société anonyme under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, 
having its registered office at 42, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg, registered with the Luxembourg Register of Commerce 
and Companies under number B-9248 and Euroclear Bank NV./SA., 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. 
THE NOTES 
Notes 
The subject of this Base Prospectus are the Notes which may be 
issued under the Programme by the Issuer on any date prior to the 
Payment Date falling in January 2032 (the "Programme Maturity 
Date"), all as further described herein.  
With respect to payment of interest and principal, each Notes of a 
Class rank pari passu amongst themselves. 
Issue Dates 
A Series of Class A Notes or Class B Notes may be issued on any 
Payment Date falling (i) in the case of Further Notes of an existing 
Series of Class A Notes or an existing Series of Class B Notes prior to 
(but excluding) the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date applicable 
to such Series, or (ii) in the case of Further Notes of a different Series 
on any Payment Date prior to the Programme Maturity Date (each 
such Payment Date a "Further Issue Date"). 
Capital structure: 
The capital structure with regards to the issuance of Further Notes 
under this Base Prospectus shall be as follows: 
* Percentages are in relation to the Further Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance 
Class A Notes Increase Amount: 
53.50%* 
Class B Notes Increase Amount: 
13.50%* 
Subordinated Loan increase percentage: 
30.00% 
Further Expectancy Rights Overcollaterisation 
Percentage: 
3.00%* 
Total: 
100%* 
 
Furthermore, along with each issuance of Further Notes under the 
Programme the Cash Collateral Account balance shall be increased  
so as to be equal to 3.00% per cent. of the aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of all Notes on the relevant Further Issue Date after 
application of the applicable Order of Priority on such Further Issue 
Date. 
 
Interest and Principal 
Each Note entitles the Noteholder thereof to receive from the Available 
Distribution Amount on each Payment Date interest at the rate 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the interest rates for all Notes 
collectively referred to as the "Notes Interest Rate") on the nominal 
amount of each such Note outstanding immediately prior to such 
Payment Date.

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
 
 
As a consequence of the structure of the Notes and the Notes being 
governed by German law, the Notes Interest Rate cannot become 
negative. 
With respect to payments of interest and principal, particular attention 
should be paid to the risk factor descriptions as set forth in "RISK 
FACTORS" and in particular the risk factor outlined under "RISK 
FACTORS - Liability and Limited Recourse under the Notes". 
Ratings 
The Rated Class A Notes are expected to be rated AAA (sf) by DBRS 
and AAA (sf) by S&P Global. The Rated Class B Notes are expected 
to be rated at least A(high) (sf) by DBRS and at least A+ (sf) by S&P 
Global. The ratings indicate the ultimate payment of principal and the 
timely payment of interest. The ratings should not be regarded as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Seller and Servicer (if different), 
the Lead Manager, the Arranger, the Expectancy Rights Trustee, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Data Protection Trustee, the 
Interest Determination Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Swap 
Counterparties, the Account Bank or the Rating Agencies to buy, sell 
or hold the Notes; the ratings are subject to revision or withdrawal at 
any time. 
Each of DBRS and S&P Global is established in the European Union. 
According to the press release from European Securities Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") dated 31 October 2011, DBRS and S&P Global 
have been registered in accordance with the CRA3. Reference is 
made to the list of registered or certified credit rating agencies 
published by ESMA which can be found on following website 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
In accordance with the UK CRA Regulation, the credit ratings assigned 
to the Rated Notes by DBRS and S&P Global will be endorsed by 
DBRS Ratings Limited and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, as 
applicable, being rating agencies which are registered with the 
Financial Conduct Authority. 
Expectancy Rights Discount Rate  
The Expectancy Rights Discount Rate is 4.338 per cent. per annum. 
Expectancy Rights Discount Rate 
Variation Option 
Under the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement and subject to 
certain conditions being met, the Issuer grants to the Seller an option 
to vary the Expectancy Rights Discount Rate with respect to: 
(a) 
the Purchased Expectancy Rights included in the Portfolio; and 
(b) 
the Additional Expectancy Rights to be purchased during the 
Revolving Period. 
See "DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO – Variation of 
Expectancy Rights Discount Rate". 
Discounted Expectancy Rights 
Balance 
The Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance means at the end of any 
Monthly Period the present value of the remaining residual value 
represented by the Expectancy Rights, calculated using the 
Expectancy Rights Discount Rate. 
Order of Priority 
All payments of the Issuer under the Programme Documents have to 
be made subject to, and in accordance with, the Order of Priority. See 
"TRUST AGREEMENT".

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
 
 
Payment Dates 
Each 25th day of a calendar month or, in the event such day is not a 
Business Day, then the next following Business Day, unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case the date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day, (each a "Payment Date"). 
Business Day 
Business Day means any day on which the T2 System is open for 
business, provided that this day is also a day on which banks are open 
for business in both London and Luxembourg. 
Revolving Period 
The Revolving Period means the period from (and including) the 
Closing Date and ending on (but excluding) the earlier of (i) the Series 
Revolving Period Expiration Date of the last outstanding Series of 
Notes and (ii) the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event.  
Series Revolving Period  
Expiration Date 
The Series Revolving Period Expiration Date means with respect to 
each Series of Notes the revolving period expiration date as specified 
for such Series in the applicable Final Terms. 
Available Distribution Amount 
The "Available Distribution Amount" on each Payment Date shall 
equal the sum of the following amounts: 
 
the Expectancy Rights Collection Amount, inclusive, for 
avoidance of doubt, the Monthly Collateral (after any relevant 
netting); plus 
 
any interest accrued on the Accumulation Account and the 
Distribution Account; plus 
 
any Net Swap Receipts under the Swap Agreements and any 
other amounts included in the Available Distribution Amount 
pursuant to clause 20 (Distribution Account, Accumulation 
Account, swap provisions) of the Trust Agreement; plus 
 
payments from the Cash Collateral Account as provided for in 
clauses 22.2 (Cash Collateral Account) of the Trust 
Agreement; plus 
 
payments from the VCL Master Distribution Account made on 
the immediately preceding Payment Date; plus 
 
any settlement amount received from VWL pursuant to clause 
6.5(b) of the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement; plus 
 
 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Accumulation 
Account after the preceding Payment Date; plus 
 
any amount from the preceding Payment Date which 
remained as a surplus due to the rounding under the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 9(b); plus 
 
any amount to be debited from the Buffer Release Reserve 
Ledger on such Payment Date subject to and in accordance 
with the relevant mechanics of the Buffer Release Reserve 
Ledger; plus 
 
any Negative Buffer Release Amount, until a Reserve Trigger 
Event has occurred and the Buffer Release Reserve has been 
funded; less

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
 
 
 
any Positive Buffer Release Amount, provided that no Credit 
Enhancement Increase Condition is in effect. 
Distribution Account 
The Distribution Account of the Issuer is maintained with The Bank of 
New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch, into which the Servicer remits 
Expectancy Rights Collection Amount. 
Applicable Law 
The Notes are governed by the laws of Germany. 
Tax Status of the Notes 
See "TAXATION". 
Selling Restrictions 
See "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE - Selling Restrictions". 
Clearing Codes for the Notes 
The Clearing Codes for Notes will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application will be made for the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and to be admitted to trading at the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
ASSETS AND COLLATERAL 
The assets and collateral and backing payments under the VCL 
Master Notes, the Notes and the Subordinated Loan (together the 
"Funding") consist of the following: 
Expectancy Rights 
On the Initial Expectancy Rights Purchase Date, VWL has sold the 
Initial Expectancy Rights and the Initial Final Payment Receivables 
with related security to the Issuer under the Expectancy Rights 
Purchase Agreement. During the Revolving Period, VWL has the right 
to sell and transfer at its option on each Additional Purchase Date, 
Additional Expectancy Rights (all Initial Expectancy Rights and the 
Additional Expectancy Rights together the "Expectancy Rights") with 
related security under the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement 
and any Additional Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement. VWL has 
transferred legal title to the Leased Vehicles as collateral to the 
Relevant Lease Receivables Purchaser. The Relevant Lease 
Receivables Purchaser has transferred such title to the Leased 
Vehicles to the Relevant Security Trustee. Such transfer is subject to 
the resolutory conditions agreed between these parties. The legal title 
to the Leased Vehicles being automatically retransferred to VWL upon 
fulfilment of such resolutory conditions creates the Expectancy Rights 
in favour of the Seller. Such Expectancy Rights are governed by 
German law and sold by the Seller to the Issuer under the Expectancy 
Rights Purchase Agreement and any Additional Expectancy Rights 
Purchase Agreement. If the Purchased Expectancy Rights and the 
related Lease Receivables should partially or totally fail to conform at 
the Closing Date or, respectively, with respect to Expectancy Rights to 
be purchased on an Additional Purchase Date, at such Additional 
Purchase Date, to the warranties given by VWL in the Expectancy 
Rights Purchase Agreement and any Additional Expectancy Rights 
Purchase Agreement (for a detailed description of the warranties 
(eligibility criteria) which apply to the Expectancy Rights and the 
related Lease Receivables see "DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO 
– The Purchased Expectancy Rights and Purchased Final 
Payment Receivables under the Expectancy Rights Purchase 
Agreement and any Additional Expectancy Rights Purchase 
Agreement – Warranties and Guarantees" in relation to the Sale of 
the Purchased Expectancy Rights) and such failure materially and 
adversely affects the interests of the Issuer or the Noteholders

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
 
 
resulting in an imbalance of the obligations of the Issuer vis-à-vis the 
Noteholders, then VWL shall have until the end of the related monthly 
period which includes the 60th day (or, if VWL elects, an earlier date) 
after the date that VWL became aware or was notified of such breach 
or failure to cure or correct such breach or failure.  
Any such breach or failure will not be deemed to have a material and 
adverse effect if such breach or failure does not affect the ability of the 
Purchaser to receive and retain timely payment in full on the related 
Lease Contract or, respectively, full legal title to the Leased Vehicles 
being the subject of the related Expectancy Rights.  If VWL does not 
cure or correct such breach or failure prior to such time, then VWL shall 
either (a) replace the Purchased Final Payment Receivables and the 
related Purchased Expectancy Rights affected by such breach which 
materially and adversely affects the interests of the Purchaser or the 
Noteholders, by taking into account the warranties and guarantees set 
out in clauses 6.1 and 6.2 of the Expectancy Rights Purchase 
Agreement, with a Final Payment Receivable and the related 
Expectancy Right the present value of which shall be at least the 
Settlement Amount on the Payment Date following the expiration of 
such period; or (b) settle any Purchased Final Payment Receivables 
and the related Purchased Expectancy Rights affected by such breach 
which materially and adversely affects the interests of the Issuer or the 
Noteholders on the Payment Date following the expiration of such 
period whereby any such settlement by VWL shall be at a price equal 
to the Settlement Amount. 
Cash Collateral Account 
The outstanding balance of the Cash Collateral Account on any 
Payment Date shall be (i) during the Revolving Period, an amount 
being equal to 3.00 per cent. of the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of all Notes after application of the applicable Order of Priority 
on the preceding Payment Date and (ii) after the Revolving Period, the 
lesser of (a) the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance 
on the last Payment Date of the Revolving Period and (b) the 
aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes after application 
of the applicable Order of Priority on the preceding Payment Date. 
Drawings from the Cash Collateral Account will be made in 
accordance with the Order of Priority. The Cash Collateral Account will 
have a separate ledger, the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger. 
Subordinated Loan 
Subject to the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the 
Subordinated Lender may agree from time to time to grant additional 
advances up to a total amount of the Subordinated Loan of 
EUR 4,250,000,000, provided that the Subordinated Lender shall be 
required to grant additional advances to the extent required to increase 
the loan amount by the relevant  Subordinated Loan Increase Amount 
or the Borrowing Base Cure Amount, as applicable. The Subordinated 
Loan serves as credit enhancement and ranks below the Notes with 
respect to payment of interest and principal. 
Overcollateralisation 
As at the Closing Date, the Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights 
Balance exceeded the sum of the Nominal Amount of the Notes and 
the nominal amount of the Subordinated Loan to provide 
overcollateralisation to the Notes. During the Revolving Period 
overcollateralisation is also expected to be provided to the Notes. 
Buffer Release Reserve  
The Buffer Release Reserve serves to provide credit enhancement to 
cover any payments to be made pursuant to items first to ninth of the 
Order of Priority, as set out in clause 21.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
 
 
Trust Agreement. The purpose of the Buffer Release Reserve is to 
ensure that the Issuer will continue to be able to make any payments 
to be made pursuant to items first to ninth of the Order of Priority, as 
set out in clause 21.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement, if 
and to the extent the Available Distribution Amount is not sufficient to 
cover any payments to be made pursuant to items first to ninth of the 
Order of Priority, as set out in clause 21.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the 
Trust Agreement, on any Payment Date after a Reserve Trigger Event 
has occurred and is continuing. For the avoidance of doubt, the Seller 
shall be obliged to pay the Negative Buffer Release Amount until the 
Buffer Release Reserve has been funded and can be applied in 
accordance with the Order of Priority, as set out in clause 21.2(a) 
(Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
Buffer Release Reserve Ledger 
Within ten (10) Business Days upon the occurrence of a Reserve 
Trigger Event which is outstanding, VWL will fund the Buffer Release 
Reserve in an amount such that the balance on the Buffer Release 
Reserve Ledger is equal to the Required Buffer Release Reserve 
Amount, which amount will be paid to the Cash Collateral Account and 
on the same day be credited by or on behalf of the Issuer to a separate 
ledger (the " Buffer Release Reserve Ledger"). 
Prior to the service of an Enforcement Notice, an amount equal to any 
negative difference between the Available Distribution Amount (not 
taking into account items (i) and (j) of the definition of Available 
Distribution Amount) and the aggregate payments to be made 
pursuant to items first to ninth of the Order of Priority, as set out in 
clause 21.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement, if and to the 
extent paid by the Seller or standing to the credit of the Buffer Release 
Reserve Ledger, will form part of the Available Distribution Amount and 
will, subject to and in accordance with the Order of Priority, be applied 
towards any payment to be made pursuant to items first to ninth of the 
Order of Priority, as set out in clause 21.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the 
Trust Agreement. Following the service of an Enforcement Notice, 
distributions will be made by the Expectancy Rights Trustee from the 
Available Distribution Amount and from any amounts standing to the 
credit of the Cash Collateral Account, and according to the Order of 
Priority.  
Positive Buffer Release Amount 
Negative Buffer Release Amount 
To the extent the Buffer Release Rate is equal to or higher than zero 
the Positive Buffer Release Amount will be paid by the Issuer to the 
Seller by means of a deduction of such Positive Buffer Release 
Amount from the Available Distribution Amount. To the extent the 
Buffer Release Rate is lower than zero, the Seller shall without further 
notice unconditionally pay an amount equal to the Negative Buffer 
Release Amount to the Issuer, provided that no Reserve Trigger Event 
has occurred and the Buffer Release Reserve has been funded. The 
sole purpose of the Negative Buffer Release Amount on any Payment 
Date will be to pay any difference between the Available Distribution 
Amount and the items first to ninth of the Order of Priority, as set out 
in clause 21.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
IMPORTANT PROGRAMME 
DOCUMENTS AND 
PROGRAMME FEATURES 
 
Expectancy Rights Purchase 
Agreement 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Expectancy Rights Purchase 
Agreement entered into between, inter alios, VWL and the Issuer, the

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
 
 
Issuer acting with respect to its Compartment 2 has acquired from 
VWL on the Closing Date the Initial Expectancy Rights. 
Additional Expectancy Rights 
Purchase Agreement 
During the Revolving Period VWL may sell and transfer at its discretion 
Additional Expectancy Rights on each Payment Date (each an 
"Additional Purchase Date") at the terms and conditions described in 
the relevant Additional Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement. 
Clean-Up Call 
Under the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreements and after the end 
of the Revolving Period, VWL will have the option to exercise a Clean-
Up Call and to repurchase the Purchased Expectancy Rights from the 
Issuer on any Payment Date when the Aggregate Discounted 
Expectancy Rights Balance on a Payment Date is less than 10 per 
cent. of the Maximum Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance 
provided that all payment obligations under the Notes will be thereby 
fulfilled. 
Servicing Agreement 
Under the Servicing Agreement between the Issuer, the Expectancy 
Rights Trustee and VWL, VWL agrees to: 
 
 
administer and collect the Purchased Final Payment 
Receivables and the Expectancy Rights Related Collateral 
(including the exercise of enforcement measures) in 
accordance with its usual business practices as they exist 
from time to time, and to repossess and realise the Leased 
Vehicles, in each case in accordance with the Servicer's 
customary practices in effect from time to time, using the 
same degree of skill and attention that the Servicer exercises 
with respect to comparable vehicle lease contracts that the 
Servicer administers and collects for itself or others.; 
 
 
administer the Cash Collateral Account; 
 
 
advance the Monthly Collateral if the Monthly Remittance 
Condition is not satisfied; 
 
 
transfer to the Issuer collections of the Purchased Final 
Payment Receivables and the Expectancy Rights Related 
Collateral made in a Monthly Period on each relevant 
Payment Date; and 
 
 
perform other tasks incidental to the above. 
Repurchase Agreement  
Under the Repurchase Agreement which the Issuer entered into with 
VWL as Servicer and Realisation Agent and the Expectancy Rights 
Trustee the Issuer sells to VWL prior to the occurrence of a Servicer 
Insolvency Event the Leased Vehicle.  
Trust Agreement 
The Issuer has entered into the Trust Agreement with, inter alia, the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee and VWL under which the Issuer has 
instructed the Expectancy Rights Trustee to act as trustee 
(Treuhänder) for the Programme Creditors and has entitled the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee to demand from the Issuer: 
 
that any present or future obligation of the Issuer in relation to 
the Noteholders shall be fulfilled;

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
 
 
 
that any present or future obligation of the Issuer in relation to 
a Programme Creditor of the Programme Documents, 
respectively, shall be fulfilled; and  
 
(if the Issuer is in default with any Secured Obligation(s) and 
insolvency proceedings have not been instituted against the 
estate of the Expectancy Rights Trustee) that any payment 
owed under the respective Secured Obligation will be made 
to the Expectancy Rights Trustee for on-payment to the 
Programme Creditors,  
and discharge the Issuer’s obligation accordingly (the respective 
"Trustee Claim"). 
 
To provide collateral for the respective Trustee Claim, the Issuer 
assigns or transfers, as applicable, to the Expectancy Rights Trustee 
all present and future Purchased Expectancy Rights, the Purchased 
Final Payment Receivables and the corresponding Expectancy Rights 
Related Collateral, all its claims and other rights arising from the 
Programme Documents (including the rights to unilaterally alter the 
legal relationship (unselbständige Gestaltungsrechte)) and from all 
present and future contracts the Issuer has entered or may enter into 
in connection with the Notes, the Subordinated Loan, the Swap 
Agreements, or the Purchased Expectancy Rights, the Purchased 
Final Payment Receivables and corresponding Expectancy Rights 
Related Collateral, and all transferable claims (i) in respect of the 
Accounts of the Issuer acting with respect to its opened pursuant to 
the Account Agreement and (ii) in respect of all bank accounts which 
will be opened under the Trust Agreement in the name of the Issuer in 
the future.  
As part of the Lease Collateral, VWL has transferred or will transfer, 
as applicable, the title to the Leased Vehicles to the Relevant Lease 
Receivables Purchaser for security purposes (Sicherungseigentum) 
and the Relevant Lease Receivables Purchaser has transferred or will 
transfer, as applicable, the title to the Leased Vehicles for security 
purposes (Sicherungseigentum) to the Relevant Security Trustee. The 
transfer of title to the Relevant Security Trustee is subject to the 
resolutory conditions agreed between the Relevant Lease Receivables 
Purchaser and the Relevant Security Trustee. Following the fulfilment 
of such resolutory conditions, title to the Leased Vehicle is 
automatically returned to the Seller, thus creating the Expectancy 
Rights the Seller will sell or has sold to the Issuer. The Expectancy 
Rights Trustee has agreed to realise the ownership in the 
corresponding 
Leased 
Vehicles 
for 
security 
purposes 
(Sicherungseigentum) or have the ownership for security purposes 
(Sicherungseigentum) realised and to distribute the proceeds from 
such realisation in accordance with the provisions of the Trust 
Agreement. 
 
The Issuer has pledged to the Expectancy Rights Trustee all its 
present and future claims against the Expectancy Rights Trustee 
arising under the Trust Agreement as well as its present and future 
claims under the Accounts as well as its present and future claims 
under the Account Agreement, which have not yet been transferred for 
security purposes under the Trust Agreement. 
Security Assignment Deed 
The Issuer will assign its rights, title and interest in the Swap 
Agreement by way of security in favour of the Expectancy Rights

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
 
 
Trustee, pursuant to the Security Assignment Deed. The Expectancy 
Rights Trustee will hold such rights, title and interest on trust for itself 
and as trustee for the Programme Creditors. 
Data Protection Trust Agreement 
VWL and the Issuer have appointed Amsterdamsch Trustee's Kantoor 
B.V., Amsterdam, The Netherlands, as Data Protection Trustee under 
the provisions of the Data Protection Trust Agreement and makes the 
Portfolio Decryption Key (which is for the identification of the names 
and addresses of the Lessees in respect of the Purchased Final 
Payment Receivables) available to the Data Protection Trustee. The 
Data Protection Trustee will keep the Portfolio Decryption Key in safe 
custody and protect it against unauthorised access by any third party. 
Delivery of the data list is permissible only to a replacement Servicer 
or the Qualified Replacement Data Protection Trustee upon request of 
VWL, the Issuer or the Expectancy Rights Trustee and subject to 
applicable data protection laws and banking secrecy provisions 
(Bankgeheimnis). The Data Protection Trustee will notify the Lessees 
of the assignment of the Purchased Final Payment Receivables to the 
Issuer, in accordance with the data processing requirements set out in 
the Data Protection Trust Agreement, and instruct the Lessees to 
make all payments in respect of the Purchased Final Payment 
Receivables to the Distribution Account of the Issuer upon the 
occurrence of a Lessee Notification Event (i.e. the earlier of (i) the 
institution of Insolvency Proceedings in respect of VWL and/or (ii) non-
compliance of VWL with its statutory obligation to transfer any VAT 
(Umsatzsteuer) on the Final Payment Receivables to the tax office 
when such VAT becomes due) and/or (iii) any notification in 
connection with a Servicer Replacement Event. 
Account Agreement 
Under the terms of the Account Agreement, the Issuer will hold the 
Cash Collateral Account with the Cash Collateral Account Bank, the 
Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account (except for any securities 
account and to the extent opened) and the Distribution Account with 
the Distribution Account Bank and maintain the Accumulation Account 
with the Accumulation Account Bank. Should the Cash Collateral 
Account Bank, the Distribution Account Bank or the Accumulation 
Account Bank (together the "Account Bank") cease to have the 
Account Bank Required Rating, the Account Bank shall within sixty 
(60) calendar days procure transfer of the accounts held with it to an 
Eligible Collateral Bank, notified to it by the Issuer.  
Swap Agreements 
The Issuer has entered or, respectively, will enter into one or more 
Swap Agreements, each with a respective Swap Counterparty. Each 
Swap Agreement will hedge in respect of a particular Series of Notes 
the interest rate risk under the relevant Series of Notes. 
Corporate Services Agreement 
The Issuer has entered into the Corporate Services Agreement with 
Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. as Corporate Services Provider, 
pursuant to which the Corporate Services Provider shall perform 
certain services for the Issuer, particularly taking over the accounting 
for the Issuer and providing the directors of the Issuer in any company 
law matters and providing the registered office of the Issuer.  
Risk Factors 
Prospective investors in the Notes should consider, among other 
things, certain risk factors in connection with the purchase of the 
Notes. Such risk factors as described above may influence the ability 
of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes. The risks in connection with the investment 
in the Notes include, inter alia, risks relating to the assets and the

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
 
 
Programme Documents, risks relating to the Notes and risks relating 
to the Issuer. See "RISK FACTORS".

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
THE PURCHASE OF THE NOTES MAY INVOLVE SUBSTANTIAL RISKS AND BE SUITABLE ONLY FOR 
INVESTORS WHO HAVE THE KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE IN FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS 
MATTERS NECESSARY TO ENABLE THEM TO EVALUATE THE RISKS AND THE MERITS OF AN 
INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES. PRIOR TO MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS 
SHOULD 
CAREFULLY 
CONSIDER 
IN 
LIGHT 
OF 
THEIR 
OWN 
FINANCIAL 
CIRCUMSTANCES AND INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES ALL THE INFORMATION SET FORTH IN THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS AND, IN PARTICULAR, THE CONSIDERATIONS SET FORTH BELOW. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD MAKE SUCH INQUIRIES AS THEY DEEM NECESSARY 
WITHOUT RELYING ON THE ISSUER, THE LEAD MANAGER OR THE ARRANGER. 
The following is a disclosure of risk factors that are material with respect to the Issuer and the Notes issued 
under the Programme and that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and of 
risk factors that are related to the Notes (and the assets backing such Notes) issued under this Base 
Prospectus. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consider these risk factors, together with the other 
information in this Base Prospectus, before deciding to purchase Notes issued under the Programme. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are also advised to consult their own tax advisors, legal advisors, 
accountants or other relevant advisors as to the risks associated with, and the consequences of, the 
purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes, including the effect of any laws of each country in which they 
are a resident. In addition, investors should be aware that the risks described may correlate and thus intensify 
one another.  
I. RISK FACTORS WHICH ARE SPECIFIC AND MATERIAL TO THE ISSUER 
No Recourse to other Compartments and Non-Petition Clause 
The Notes are limited recourse contractual obligations of the Issuer solely in respect of Compartment 2 within 
the meaning of the Luxembourg Securitisation Law. Pursuant to Article 62(1) and 62(2) of the Luxembourg 
Securitisation Law, where an individual compartment's assets are insufficient for the purpose of meeting the 
Issuer's obligations under a respective issuance, it is not possible for the noteholders in that compartment's 
issuance to obtain the satisfaction of the debt owed to them by the Issuer from assets belonging to another 
compartment. Recourse of the Noteholders in respect of claims against the Issuer under or in relation to the 
Notes will be strictly limited to the net assets allocated to Compartment 2 (the " Compartment 2 Assets") 
and shall not extend to the remainder of the Issuer's estate. Furthermore, the other parties to the Programme 
Documents are not liable for the obligations of the Issuer and no third party guarantees have been granted 
for the fulfilment of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes. Consequently, the Noteholders have no rights of 
recourse against such third parties.  
In this context, it is possible that any proceeds from the realisation by the Expectancy Rights Trustee of the 
security upon the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event prove insufficient to enable the Issuer to meet all 
payments due in respect of the Notes, taking into account the Order of Priority and the Noteholders will then 
have no further claim against the assets of any other compartment or any non-compartmental assets of the 
Issuer. 
Consequently, in case of enforcement of the claims under the Notes, to the extent that the proceeds from the 
liquidation of the Compartment 2 Assets proves insufficient to make all payments due in respect of the Notes 
(the "Shortfall"), any claims arising against the Issuer due to such Shortfall shall be extinguished and neither 
the Noteholders nor any person on their behalf shall have the right to petition for the winding up of the Issuer 
to recover the Shortfall amount.  
Finally, should the Issuer be declared bankrupt, the Luxembourg court will appoint a bankruptcy trustee 
("curateur") who shall be the sole legal representative of VCL Master Residual Value S.A. and obliged to take 
such action as he deems to be in the best interests of VCL Master Residual Value S.A. and of all creditors of 
VCL Master Residual Value S.A. The conditions for opening bankruptcy proceedings are the cessation of 
payments ("cessation des paiements") and the loss of commercial creditworthiness ("ébranlement de credit 
commercial"). The failure of controlled management proceedings may also constitute grounds for the opening 
of bankruptcy proceedings. Certain preferred creditors of VCL Residual Value Master S.A. (including the 
Luxembourg tax authorities) may have a privilege that ranks senior to the rights of the Noteholders in such

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
 
 
circumstances. This may further reduce the available assets of Compartment 2, therefore increasing the risk 
of the Issuer not being able to meet in full its payment obligations against the Noteholders under Luxembourg 
law.  
As a result, the Noteholders may face the risk of not being able to receive any income in respect of their 
investment or, at worst, of being unable to recover their initial investment.  
Furthermore, the enforcement of the payment obligations under the Notes shall solely be effected by the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee in accordance with the Trust Agreement. By subscribing the Notes and in 
accordance with Article 64 of the Luxembourg Securitisation Law, the Noteholders agree to a non-petition 
clause. This means that none of the Noteholders (or any persons acting on behalf of any of them) shall be 
entitled at any time until the expiry of one year and one day after the Legal Maturity Date, to take any action 
or other steps or legal proceedings for the winding-up, dissolution or reorganisation or for the appointment of 
a receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, agent, liquidator or similar officer of the Issuer or of any or 
all of the revenues and assets of the Issuer, or have any right to take any steps, except in accordance with 
the provisions of this Base Prospectus, for the purpose of recovering any debts whatsoever owing to it by the 
Issuer. 
Risk in respect of payments made and Security provided during the "suspect period" 
VCL Master Residual Value S.A. is a public limited liability company (Société Anonyme) incorporated under 
the laws of Luxembourg, has its registered office in Luxembourg and is managed by its Board of Directors, 
professionally residing in Luxembourg. Accordingly, bankruptcy proceedings with respect to VCL Master 
Residual Value S.A. would likely proceed under, and be governed by, the bankruptcy laws of Luxembourg. 
VCL Master Residual Value S.A. can be declared bankrupt upon petition by a creditor of VCL Master Residual 
Value S.A. or at the initiative of the court or at the request of VCL Master Residual Value S.A. in accordance 
with the relevant provisions of Luxembourg insolvency law. Under Luxembourg law, a company is bankrupt 
("en faillite") when it is unable to meet its current liabilities and when its commercial creditworthiness is 
impaired ("ébranlement de credit commercial"). The conditions for opening bankruptcy proceedings are, 
indicatively, the cessation of payments ("cessation des paiements commercial") and the loss of commercial 
creditworthiness ("ébranlement de credit"). The failure of controlled management proceedings may also 
constitute grounds for the opening of bankruptcy proceedings. Other insolvency proceedings under 
Luxembourg law include controlled management and moratorium of payments ("gestion controlée et sursis 
de paiement") of the Issuer, composition proceedings ("concordat préventif de la faillite") and judicial 
proceedings ("liquidation judicaire "). 
Under Luxembourg bankruptcy law, certain acts deemed to be abnormal if carried out by the bankrupt party 
during the so-called "suspect period" or ten days preceding the "suspect period" may be unenforceable 
against the bankruptcy estate of such party. Whilst the unenforceability is compulsory in certain cases, it is 
optional in other cases. The "suspect period" is the period that lapses between the date of cessation of 
payments ("cessation de paiements"), as determined by the bankruptcy court, and the date of the court order 
declaring the bankruptcy. The "suspect period" cannot exceed six months. 
Under Article 445 of the Luxembourg Code of Commerce, (a) a contract for the transfer of movable or 
immovable property entered into or carried out without consideration, or a contract or transaction entered into 
or carried out with considerably insufficient consideration for the insolvent party; (b) a payment, whether in 
cash or by transfer, assignment, sale, set-off or otherwise for debts not yet due, or a payment other than in 
cash or bills of exchange for debts due or (c) a contractual or judiciary mortgage, pledge, or charge on the 
debtor's assets for previous debts, would each be unenforceable against the bankruptcy estate if carried out 
during the "suspect period" or ten days preceding the "suspect period".  
Under Article 448 of the Luxembourg Code of Commerce, transactions entered into by the bankrupt debtor 
with the intent to deprive its creditors are null and void, regardless of the date on which they were made.  
Under Article 446 of the Luxembourg Code of Commerce, any payments or transfers made by the bankrupt 
debtor in the "suspect period" may be rescinded if the creditor was aware of the cessation of payment of the 
debtor. 
Should the Issuer be declared bankrupt, it cannot be excluded that a competent court in Luxembourg 
considers that the Issuer's entry into the Programme and the Programme Documents have been carried out

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
 
 
within the so-called "suspect period". In such a case, any payment of principal or interest in respect of the 
Notes could be unenforceable against the Issuer, in application of Article 445 or Article 446 of the Luxembourg 
Code of Commerce. Consequently, in the event of bankruptcy, the Noteholders could face the risk of non-
recovery of payments due under the Notes.  
In addition, in case of bankruptcy, the entry into any of the Programme Documents, including without limitation 
those relating to the transfer of the title in the Leased Vehicles to the Expectancy Rights Trustee and, more 
generally, the entry into the Security could also be held unenforceable and ineffective if effected during the 
"suspect period" or ten days preceding the "suspect period", in application of Article 445 of the Luxembourg 
Code of Commerce. However, according to Article 61(4) second paragraph of the Luxembourg Securitisation 
Law the validity and perfection of each of the security interests mentioned under item (c) in the above 
paragraph cannot be challenged by a bankruptcy receiver even if granted by the company during the "suspect 
period" or ten days preceding the "suspect period", if (i) the articles of incorporation of the company granting 
the security interests are governed by the Luxembourg Securitisation Law and (ii) the company granted the 
respective security interest no later than the issue date of the securities or at the conclusion of the agreements 
secured by such security interest. In other words, the Security Documents entered into in accordance with 
Article 61(4) second paragraph of the Luxembourg Securitisation Law and hence no later than the date of the 
issue of the Notes or the conclusion of the agreements secured by the security could not be challenged by a 
bankruptcy receiver even if granted by the Issuer during the "suspect period" or ten days preceding such 
"suspect period". 
II. RISKS RELATED TO THE NATURE OF THE NOTES 
Liability and Limited Recourse under the Notes  
All payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Subordinated Loan Agreement constitute limited 
recourse obligations to pay only the respective Available Distribution Amount which includes, inter alia, 
amounts received by the Issuer from the Purchased Expectancy Rights and under the Programme 
Documents. The Available Distribution Amount may not be sufficient to pay amounts accrued under the Notes, 
which may result in an Interest Shortfall, however, only an Interest Shortfall on the most senior Class of Notes 
when the same becomes due and payable, and only if such default continues for a period of five (5) Business 
Days will constitute a Foreclosure Event. The Notes shall not give rise to any payment obligation in addition 
to the foregoing. A Foreclosure Event results in the enforcement of the collateral held by the Expectancy 
Rights Trustee. If the Expectancy Rights Trustee enforces the claims under the Notes, such enforcement will 
be limited to the assets which were transferred to the Expectancy Rights Trustee and for security purposes. 
To the extent that such assets, or the proceeds of the realisation thereof, prove ultimately insufficient to satisfy 
the claims of all respective Noteholders in full, then any shortfall arising shall be extinguished and neither any 
Noteholder, nor the Expectancy Rights Trustee shall have any further claims against the Issuer. Such assets 
and proceeds shall be deemed to be "ultimately insufficient" at such time when no further assets are available 
and no further proceeds can be realised therefrom to satisfy any outstanding claims of the Noteholders, and 
neither assets nor proceeds will be so available thereafter. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the recourse of the Programme Creditors is limited to the assets of the Issuer 
allocated to its Compartment 2.  
Subordination of Notes  
Holders of Class B Notes will bear more credit risk with respect to the Issuer than holders of Class A Notes 
and will incur losses, if any, prior to holders of the Class A Notes because of the subordination of the Class 
B Notes in relation to the Class A Notes. 
Upon the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, no payment of interest will be made on the Class B Notes until 
all of the Issuer’s senior expenses (including applicable fees for Agents), and all interest on the Class A Notes 
are paid in full and no payment of principal will be made on the Class B Notes until the principal amount of 
the Class A Notes is paid in full. 
Following the end of the Revolving Period and prior to the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, on each 
Payment Date the Issuer shall pay from the Available Distribution Amount (provided that, prior to the 
occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, the payment of interest due and payable on each Series of Class B Notes 
has been paid) the Class A Amortisation Amount, which comprises a payment of principal in respect of a

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
 
 
Series of Class A Notes until the principal amount outstanding of such Series of Class A Notes equals the 
Targeted Remaining Class A Note Balance. Payments of principal on each Series of Class B Notes will be 
made from any amounts remaining from the Available Distribution Amount only after the payment of principal 
on each Series of Class A Notes and until the principal amount outstanding of each Series of Class B Notes 
equals the Targeted Remaining Class B Note Balance.  
A Foreclosure Event will occur inter alia if the Issuer defaults in the payment of any interest on the most senior 
Class of Notes when the same becomes due and payable, and such default continues for a period of five (5) 
Business Days. If a Foreclosure Event has occurred, the Issuer will not pay interest or principal on any Notes 
other than the Class A Notes until all of the Issuer’s senior expenses and all interest and principal on the 
Class A Notes are paid in full. 
No gross up of payments 
The Notes will not provide for gross-up of payments in the event that the payments on the Notes become 
subject to withholding taxes, so that in case the Issuer would have to withhold payments due under the Notes 
for tax reasons, the Noteholders would receive reduced payments only. 
Change of Law 
The structure of the issue of the Notes and this Programme is based on German and Luxembourg law 
(including tax law) in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the 
impact of any possible judicial decision or changes to any relevant law, the interpretation thereof or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. Any change of law might have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer's ability to make interest and principal payments on the Notes. 
Risks in connection with the application of the German Debenture Act (Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz - SchVG)) 
A Noteholder is subject to the risk to be outvoted and to lose rights towards the Issuer against his will in the 
case that the Noteholders agree pursuant to the Conditions to amendments of the Conditions by majority vote 
according to the German Debenture Act (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz - SchVG)). In the case of an appointment of a Noteholder's representative for 
all Noteholders a particular Noteholder may lose, in whole or in part, the possibility to enforce and claim his 
rights against the Issuer regardless of other Noteholders. 
Modification of Conditions of the Notes 
The Conditions of the Notes which are governed by German law may be modified through contractual 
agreement to be concluded between the Issuer and all Noteholders as provided for in Section 4 of the German 
Debenture Act (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz - 
SchVG)) or by a Noteholder’s resolution adopted pursuant to Sections 5 to 22 of aforementioned act and in 
accordance with the terms and conditions with unanimous consent of the Noteholders. As long as the Notes 
are outstanding, the applicable Margin pursuant to Condition 8(c) may only be modified pursuant to a 
contractual agreement which requires the consent of the Issuer, all Noteholders and of VWL. If no such 
consent can be obtained, the Noteholders will bear the risk that the applicable Margin pursuant to Condition 
8(c) might be of economic disadvantage for them. 
Ratings of the Rated Notes 
The Issuer has not requested a rating of any Class of Notes by any rating agency other than the Rating 
Agencies. Rating organisations other than the Rating Agencies may seek to rate any Series of Rated Notes 
and, if such "shadow ratings" or "unsolicited ratings" are lower than the comparable ratings assigned to such 
Series of Rated Notes by the Rating Agencies, such shadow or unsolicited ratings could have an adverse 
effect on the value of any Series of Rated Notes.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or 
withdrawal at any time by the rating organisation. There is no assurance that the ratings will continue for any 
period of time or that they will not be lowered, reviewed, suspended or withdrawn by the Rating Agencies. In 
the event that the ratings initially assigned to any Series of Notes by the Rating Agencies are subsequently

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
 
 
withdrawn or lowered for any reason, no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional support or credit 
enhancement to the Notes.  
Responsibility of Prospective Investors 
The purchase of the Notes is only suitable for investors (i) that possess adequate knowledge and experience 
in structured finance investments and have the necessary background and resources to evaluate all relevant 
risks related with such investments; (ii) that are able to bear the risk of loss of their investment (up to a total 
loss of the investment) without having to prematurely liquidate the investment; and (iii) that are able to assess 
the tax and regulatory aspects and implications of such investment independently. 
Furthermore, each potential investor should base its investment decision on its own and independent 
investigation and on the advice of its professional advisors (with whom the investor may deem it necessary 
to consult), be able to assess if an investment in the Notes (i) is in compliance with its financial requirements, 
its targets and situation (or if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, those of the beneficiary); (ii) is in 
compliance with its principles for investments, guidelines for or restrictions on investments (regardless of 
whether it acquires the Notes for itself or as a trustee); and (iii) is an appropriate investment for itself (or for 
any beneficiary if acting as a trustee), notwithstanding the risks of such investment. 
Interest Rate Risk / Risk of Swap Counterparty Insolvency  
During those periods in which the floating rates payable by a Swap Counterparty under a Swap Agreement 
are substantially greater than the fixed rates payable by the Issuer under such Swap Agreement, the Issuer 
will be more dependent on receiving payments from such Swap Counterparty in order to make interest 
payments on the relevant Series of Notes. If a Swap Counterparty fails to pay any amounts when due under 
a Swap Agreement, the Purchased Final Payment Receivables and the Expectancy Rights Related Collateral 
and the General Cash Collateral Amount may be insufficient to make the required payments on the respective 
Series of Notes and the Noteholders may experience delays and/or reductions in the interest and principal 
payments on the respective Series of Notes. 
During periods in which the floating rates payable by a Swap Counterparty under a Swap Agreement are less 
than the fixed rate payable by the Issuer under such Swap Agreement, the Issuer will be obliged to make a 
payment to such Swap Counterparty. A Swap Counterparty's claims for payment (including certain 
termination payments required to be made by the Issuer upon a termination of a Swap Agreement) under the 
Swap Agreement will be higher in priority than all payments on the Notes. If a payment under the Swap 
Agreement is due to the Swap Counterparty on any Payment Date, the collections from the Purchased Final 
Payment Receivables and the Expectancy Rights Related Collateral and the General Cash Collateral Amount 
may be insufficient to make the required payments on the Notes and the Noteholders may experience delays 
and/or reductions in the interest and principal payments under the Notes. 
A Swap Counterparty may become insolvent or may suffer from a rating downgrade, in which case it would 
have to be replaced or, in case of a certain rating downgrade would have to provide collateral. A Swap 
Agreement may also be terminated by either party due to an event of default or a termination event. However, 
there can be no assurance that a guarantor or replacement Swap Counterparty will be found or that the 
amount of collateral will be sufficient to meet the Swap Counterparty's obligations. Nevertheless, the Issuer 
shall use its best efforts to find a replacement Swap Counterparty. In such events the Noteholders may 
experience delays and/or reductions in the interest and principal payments due in respect of such Series of 
Notes. 
The enforceability of a contractual provision which alters the priorities of payments to subordinate the claim 
of a Swap Counterparty (to the claims of other creditors of its counterparty) upon the occurrence of an 
insolvency of or other default by a Swap Counterparty has been challenged in the English and U.S. courts.  
However, this is an aspect of cross border insolvency law which remains untested. Whilst the priority issue is 
considered largely resolved in England and Wales, concerns still remain that the English and U.S. courts will 
diverge in their approach which, in the case of an unfavourable decision in the U.S., may adversely affect the 
Issuer's ability to make payments on the Notes. 
If a creditor of the Issuer (such as the Swap Counterparties) or a related entity becomes subject to insolvency 
proceedings in any jurisdiction outside England and Wales (including, but not limited to, the US), and it is

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
 
 
owed a payment by the Issuer, a question arises as to whether the insolvent creditor or any insolvency official 
appointed in respect of that creditor could successfully challenge the validity and/or enforceability of 
subordination provisions included in the Programme Documents (such as a provision of the relevant Order of 
Priority which refers to the ranking of the Swap Counterparties' rights in respect of certain amounts under the 
Swap Agreements). In particular, there is a risk that such subordination provisions would not be upheld under 
US bankruptcy law. Such laws may be relevant in certain circumstances with respect to a range of entities 
which may act as a Swap Counterparty, including US established entities and certain non-US established 
entities with assets or operations in the US (although the scope of any such proceedings may be limited if the 
relevant non-US entity is a bank with a licensed branch in a US state). In general, if a subordination provision 
included in the Programme Documents was successfully challenged under the insolvency laws of any relevant 
jurisdiction outside England and Wales and any relevant foreign judgement or order was recognised by the 
English courts, such actions may adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, the rating and/or the market 
value of the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. 
Market and Liquidity Risk for the Notes 
The secondary markets in general are currently experiencing severe disruptions resulting from reduced 
investor demand for asset-backed securities and increased investor yield requirements for those securities. 
As a result, the secondary market for asset-backed securities is experiencing extremely limited liquidity. 
These conditions may continue or worsen in the future. Limited liquidity in the secondary market for asset-
backed securities has had a severe adverse effect on the market value of asset-backed securities and may 
continue to have a severe adverse effect on the market value of asset-backed securities, especially those 
securities that are more sensitive to prepayment, credit or interest rate risk and those securities that have 
been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. Consequently, any 
purchaser of the Notes must be prepared to hold such Notes for an indefinite period of time or until final 
redemption or maturity of such Notes. The market values of the Notes are likely to fluctuate and could 
decrease. Any such fluctuation or decrease may be significant and could result in significant losses to 
investors in the Notes.  
Eurosystem Eligibility 
The Notes are not Eurosystem eligible. This means that the Notes will not be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem (the "Eurosystem eligible 
collateral") either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such non-recognition is based on the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria set out in the Guideline (EU) 2015/510 of the European Central Bank (the "ECB") 
of 19 December 2014 on the implementation of the Eurosystem monetary policy framework (ECB/2014/60) 
(recast), which applies since 1 May 2015, as amended by Guideline (EU) 2019/1032 of the ECB of 10 May 
2019 (ECB/2019/11) and Guideline (EU) 2020/1690 of 25 September 2020 (ECB/2020/45). As a 
consequence, Noteholders will not be permitted to use the Notes as collateral for monetary policy transactions 
of the Eurosystem and may sell the Notes into the secondary market at a reduced price only. 
III. RISKS RELATED TO THE PURCHASED EXPECTANCY RIGHTS 
Credit Risk of the Parties 
The ability of the Issuer to make any principal and interest payments in respect of the Notes depends to a 
large extent upon the ability of the parties to the Programme Documents to perform their contractual 
obligations. In particular, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the timely payment of amounts 
due in respect of the Notes depends on the ability of the Servicer to collect the Final Payment Receivables 
and to realise the Leased Vehicles and on the maintenance of the level of interest rate protection offered by 
the Swap Agreements. 
Adverse macroeconomic and geopolitical developments may have a material negative impact on the 
performance of the Issuer under the Notes 
The ongoing geopolitical developments, including current uncertainty in the banking sector, the war in Ukraine 
and the sanctions imposed by the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, in particular, 
against Russia, may result in an adverse impact on global economic, financial, political, social or government 
conditions which may result or already resulted in (including but not limited to) limited access to workplaces, 
and limited availability of key personnel, higher inflation, higher interest rates, higher cost of living, declining

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
 
 
access to credit, lower or stagnating wages, increasing unemployment, changes in government regulatory, 
fiscal or tax policies, including changes in applicable tax rates and the modification of existing or adoption of 
new tax legislation, sanctions regimes, removal of subsidies, reduced public spending, increases in fuel 
prices, weakness in energy markets or a loss of consumer confidence. Such conditions may have an adverse 
impact on both the operational business of VWL and the financial performance of the Purchased Expectancy 
Rights.   
Risk of Losses on the Purchased Expectancy Rights and Final Payment Receivables 
Due to the risk of losses on the Purchased Lease Receivables and Purchased Expectancy Right, there is no 
assurance that the Noteholders will receive for each Note the total nominal amount of such Note plus interest 
pursuant to the respective Final Terms. 
Risks Relating to the Insolvency of the Seller of the Purchased Expectancy Rights 
In case insolvency proceedings are commenced in relation to VWL as German Seller of the Expectancy 
Rights and the Final Payment Receivables, cash flows could be adversely affected as laid out below.  
Section 103 of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) grants VWL’s insolvency administrator for 
mutual contracts which have not been (or have not been completely) performed by VWL and the respective 
counterparty at the date when insolvency proceedings were opened against VWL the right to opt whether or 
not such contracts will be continued. In this regard it cannot be ensured that VWL’s insolvency administrator 
decides to continue the Repurchase Agreement and the Issuer may no longer exercise and enforce its right 
under the Repurchase Agreement to demand from VWL to purchase the Leased Vehicles in the amount of 
the Initial Residual Value or the Additional Residual Value, as applicable, each discounted at the Expectancy 
Rights Discount Rate less an amount equal to the amount of the related Final Payment Receivable. This will 
not adversely impact the Issuer’s right to realise the Leased Vehicles after conversion of Purchased 
Expectancy Rights to full legal title (Volleigentum) to the related Leased Vehicles on the market for used 
vehicles. There exists the risk that the realisation proceeds for such realisation of Leased Vehicles on the 
market for used Vehicles will be lower than realisation proceeds under the Repurchase Agreement.  
Commingling Risk 
VWL as Servicer is entitled to commingle funds to be received from Purchased Final Payment Receivables 
and the Expectancy Rights Related Collateral with its own funds during each Monthly Period in accordance 
with the following procedure: 
If the Monthly Remittance Condition is satisfied, VWL as Servicer is entitled to commingle collections of the 
Purchased Final Payment Receivables and the Expectancy Rights Related Collateral with its own funds 
during each Monthly Period and will be required to make a single transfer to the Distribution Account on the 
following Payment Date. If the Monthly Remittance Condition is not satisfied, VWL as Servicer is entitled to 
commingle collections of the Purchased Final Payment Receivables and the Expectancy Rights Related 
Collateral with its own funds during each Monthly Period only if it has deposited the Monthly Collateral for the 
respective Monthly Period in the Distribution Account. Otherwise, collections of the Purchased Final Payment 
Receivables and the Expectancy Rights Related Collateral and other amounts collected by the Servicer on 
Purchased Expectancy Rights will be required to be remitted by it to the Distribution Account on the first 
Business Day after receipt of such amounts. 
Commingled funds may be used or invested by VWL at its own risk and for its own benefit until the relevant 
Payment Date. If VWL were unable to remit such amounts or were to become an insolvent debtor, losses or 
delays in distributions to investors may occur. 
Risk of Change of Servicer 
In the event VWL is replaced as Servicer, there may be losses or delays in processing payments or losses 
on the Final Payment Receivables and Expectancy Rights Related Collateral due to a disruption in service 
because a successor is not immediately available, or because the substitute servicer is not as experienced 
and efficient as VWL. This may cause delays in payments or losses on the Notes.

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
 
 
Risk of Defences and other Set-Off Rights of Lessees against Assignment  
With respect to Final Payment Receivables and Expectancy Rights Related Collateral assigned by VWL to 
the Issuer in fulfilment of the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement and any Additional Expectancy Rights 
Purchase Agreement, the Issuer's claim to payment may further be subject to possible defences and 
objections resulting from consumer credit legislation and be subject to defences and set-off rights of the 
Lessees of such Final Payment Receivables and Expectancy Rights Related Collateral; provided such rights 
(i) were in existence and due at the time of the assignment of such Purchased Expectancy Right (section 404 
of the German Civil Code) or (ii) were acquired by the Lessee after such assignment without such Lessee 
having knowledge of the assignment at the time of acquiring the right or at the time when the right falls due 
(in cases where the right’s maturity falls beyond the maturity of the respective right under the Purchased 
Expectancy Right) (section 406 of the German Civil Code). In addition, as long as the Lessee has no 
knowledge of the assignment, e.g. because it is not notified by VWL, it may discharge its debt by paying to 
VWL. In such case, the Issuer would have a claim for compensation against VWL and would therefore be 
subject to VWL insolvency risk. Because it would not be typical for VWL to have other legal relationships with 
Lessees than the relevant Lease Contracts the likelihood of counterclaims or defences other than those 
arising from consumer credit legislation in connection with Lease Contracts is rather small. In this context it 
should be noted that VWL is not a bank and does not offer bank deposits. Also VWL warrants on the Initial 
Cut-Off Date and on each Additional Cut-Off Date, respectively that each Purchased Expectancy Right is free 
of defences (see "DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO", "Warranties and Guarantees in relation to the 
Sale of the Purchased Expectancy Rights"). 
Risk of Non-Existence of Purchased Expectancy Rights or Final Payment Receivables 
In the event that any of the Purchased Expectancy Rights or the Purchased Final Payment Receivables have 
not come into existence at the time of its assignment to the Issuer under any Additional Expectancy Rights 
Receivables Purchase Agreement or the Expectancy Rights Receivables Purchase Agreement, such 
assignment would not result in the Issuer acquiring ownership title in such Purchased Expectancy Right or 
Purchased Final Payment Receivable. The Issuer would not receive adequate value in return for its purchase 
price payment. This result is independent of whether the Issuer, at the time of assignment, is unaware of the 
non-existence and therefore acts in good faith (gutgläubig) with respect to the existence of such Purchased 
Expectancy Right or Purchased Final Payment Receivable. This risk, however, will be mitigated by contractual 
representations and warranties and the contractual obligation that VWL shall purchase from the Issuer any 
Purchased Expectancy Rights or Purchased Final Payment Receivables affected by such breach at a price 
equal to the present value of the Purchased Expectancy Rights or Purchased Final Payment Receivable, 
using the Expectancy Rights Discount Rate. 
Further German Civil Law Aspects 
 
Pursuant to section 496 (2) of the German Civil Code, any assignor of loan receivables and/or financial leases, 
has the obligation to notify its debtors of the contact details of its assignee except if such assignor remains 
the servicer for the relevant loan receivables and/or financial leases. As such, in case of a Servicer 
Replacement Event, the Lessees need to be notified provided the underlying Lease Contracts are construed 
as financial leases. Until the relevant Lessees have been notified of the assignment of the relevant Purchased 
Lease Receivables, they may undertake payment with discharging effect to the Seller. Each Lessee may 
further raise defences against the Issuer arising from its relationship with the Seller which are existing at the 
time of the assignment of the Purchased Lease Receivables. Moreover, each Lessee is entitled to set-off 
against the Issuer its claims against the Seller or such claims against the Seller which become due only after 
the Lessee acquires such knowledge and after the relevant Purchased Lease Receivables themselves 
become due. As a consequence, the respective Lessee may no longer be obliged to pay his lease instalments 
which may result in the Issuer not receiving sufficient collections to redeem part or all of the Notes. 
If and to the extent Leased Vehicles are sold by the Servicer in its own name but for the account of the Issuer 
in the open market, the sale agreements entered into with individuals (Privatpersonen) as final customers 
may be within the applicability of the law of sale regarding consumer products (Verbrauchsgüterkaufrecht). 
Pursuant to such statutory mandatory law, the prescription period for claims resulting from the fact that the 
sold used vehicle had defects cannot be shortened to less than a year (section 476 (2) of the German Civil 
Code). The burden of proof that there was no such defect at the time the used vehicle was surrendered to 
the individual (Gefahrübergang) is, generally, to be borne by the Seller for a period of six months (section 477 
of the German Civil Code). Depending on the intensity of the defect it can happen that the entire previous

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
 
 
realisation proceeds are consumed or even exceeded by costs of repair. Further, sale agreements concluded 
via internet portals, communications by electronic systems, telemarketing, letters etc. are contracts of distant 
marketing (Fernabsatzverträge). The individual final customer in such case is entitled to revoke the sales 
agreement within a period of two weeks after conclusion of the agreement without giving reasons. Such period 
begins on the later of the date on which: (i) the sale contract has been concluded; (ii) the consumer has been 
duly notified of his right of revocation in a form that meets the requirements set forth in section 355(2) of the 
German Civil Code; (iii) the consumer received a copy of the contract document (Vertragsurkunde); (iv) the 
consumer has received the purchased vehicle; or (v) the consumer has received the information required 
pursuant to section 312d (2) of the German Civil Code. In this case the Servicer (on behalf of the Issuer) has 
to refund the purchase price and additionally pay the whole rescission of contract. 
Termination for Good Cause (Kündigung aus wichtigem Grund) 
As a general principle of German law, a contract may always be terminated for good cause (Kündigung aus 
wichtigem Grund) and such right may not be totally excluded nor may it be subject to unreasonable restrictions 
or the consent from a third party. This may also have an impact on several limitations on the right of the 
parties to terminate any of the Programme Documents for good cause. 
Risk of Re-characterisation of the Programme as Loan Secured by Purchased Expectancy Rights and 
Final Payment Receivables 
The sale of moveable assets (bewegliche Sachen) under the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement and 
any Additional Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement has been structured to qualify as a true sale from 
VWL to the Issuer. In particular, total default risk enhancement in respect of the Purchased Expectancy Rights 
and the Purchased Final Payment Receivables will be not higher than 9 per cent. of the purchase price. 
However, there are no statutory or case law based tests with respect to when a securitisation transaction 
qualifies as an effective sale or as a secured loan. Therefore, there is a risk that a court may re-characterise 
the sale of the Purchased Expectancy Rights and the Purchased Final Payment Receivables under the 
Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement and any Additional Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement as a 
secured loan. If a sale of the Purchased Expectancy Rights is re-characterised as a secured loan, sections 
166 and 51 No. 1 of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) would apply with the following 
consequences:  
The insolvency administrator of VWL would have possession of the Purchased Final Payment Receivables 
but not the Purchased Expectancy Rights and the Issuer and the Expectancy Rights Trustee would be barred 
from enforcing the Purchased Final Payment Receivables but would be permitted to enforce the Purchased 
Expectancy Rights. The insolvency administrator of VWL as transferor of the Purchased Final Payment 
Receivables which have been assigned for security purposes would be authorised by German law to enforce 
and realise the assigned Purchased Final Payment Receivables (on behalf of the assignee). The insolvency 
administrator would be obliged to transfer the proceeds from such realisation of the Purchased Final Payment 
Receivables to the Issuer. He may, however, deduct from the enforcement proceeds his fees which amount 
to 4 per cent. of the enforcement proceeds for assessing his preferential rights plus up to 5 per cent. of the 
enforcement proceeds as compensation for the costs of enforcement. In case the enforcement costs are 
considerably higher than 5 per cent. or more of the enforcement proceeds, the compensation for the 
enforcement costs may be higher. Where applicable, the insolvency administrator may also withhold VAT on 
such amounts (sections 166 (2), 171 (2) of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung)). 
Reliance on Warranties 
If the Purchased Initial Expectancy Rights should partially or totally fail to conform at the Closing Date or, 
respectively, with respect to Purchased Additional Expectancy Rights purchased on any Additional Purchase 
Date, at such Additional Purchase Date, with the warranties given by VWL in the Expectancy Rights Purchase 
Agreement or any Additional Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement and such failure materially and 
adversely affects the interests of the Issuer or the Noteholders, VWL shall have until the end of the monthly 
period following the monthly period in which VWL became aware or was notified of such failure to cure or 
correct such breach. Any such breach or failure will not be deemed to have a material and adverse effect if 
such breach or failure does not affect the ability of the Issuer to receive and retain timely payment in full on 
the related Lease Contract. If VWL does not cure or correct such breach prior to such time, then VWL shall 
either (a) replace any Purchased Final Payment Receivables and the related Purchased Expectancy Rights 
affected by such breach which materially and adversely affects the interests of the Purchaser or the

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
 
 
Noteholders, by taking into account the warranties and guarantees set out in clauses 6.1 and 6.2 of the 
Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement, with a Final Payment Receivable and the related Expectancy Right 
the present value of which shall be at least the Settlement Amount on the Payment Date following the 
expiration of such period; or (b) settle any Purchased Final Payment Receivables and the related Purchased 
Expectancy Rights affected by such breach which materially and adversely affects the interests of the Issuer 
or the Noteholders on the Payment Date following the expiration of such period. Any such settlement by VWL 
shall be at a price equal to the Settlement Amount.  
Reliance on Servicing and Collection Procedures 
VWL, in its capacity as Servicer, will carry out the servicing, collection and enforcement of the Final Payment 
Receivables and Expectancy Rights Related Collateral, including foreclosure on and the realisation of the 
Purchased Expectancy Rights, in accordance with the Servicing Agreement (see "ADMINISTRATION OF 
THE PURCHASED EXPECTANCY RIGHTS AND FINAL PAYMENT RECEIVABLES UNDER THE 
SERVICING AGREEMENT"). Accordingly, the Noteholders are relying on the business judgement and 
practices of VWL as they exist from time to time, in its capacity as Servicer to collect and enforce claims 
against the Lessees.  
Conflicts of Interest 
VWL is acting in a number of capacities in connection with the Programme. VWL will have only those duties 
and responsibilities expressly agreed to by it in the relevant agreement and will not, by virtue of it or any of 
its Affiliates’ acting in any other capacity, be deemed to have any other duties or responsibilities or be deemed 
to be held to a standard of care other than as expressly provided in each agreement to which it is a party. 
VWL in its various capacities in connection with the Programme may enter into business dealings from which 
it may derive revenues and profits without any duty to account therefore to any other Programme Parties. 
VWL may hold and/or service claims against Lessees other than the Purchased Expectancy Rights. The 
interests or obligations of VWL in its respective capacities with respect to such other claims may in certain 
aspects conflict with the interests of the Noteholders. 
VWL may freely engage in other commercial relationships with other parties. In such relationships VWL is not 
obliged to take into account the interests of the Noteholders. Accordingly, because of these relationships, 
potential conflicts of interest may arise. 
Risks regarding the Sale of Used Vehicles after automatic transfer of full legal title 
The rate of repayment may itself be influenced by various economic, tax, legal and other factors such as 
changes in the value of the Leased Vehicles or the level of interest rates from time to time.  
There might be various risks involved in the sales of used vehicles which could have the potential of 
significantly influencing the proceeds generated from the sale of vehicles, e.g. disproportionately high 
damages and mileage, correlation between the age of the vehicle and its value on the balance sheet of VWL, 
less popular configuration of cars (e.g. engine, colour), oversized special equipment (the sale value of special 
vehicle equipment is comparatively low in relation to the resale value of the vehicle), large numbers of 
homogeneous types of vehicles over short time intervals (e.g. fleet vehicles), general price volatility in the 
used vehicles market or seasonal impacts on sales (e.g. winter vs. spring). 
After the Council of the European Union decided on 29 June 2022 that as of 2035 only zero-emission vehicles 
shall be newly registered in the member states of the European Union, the European Parliament and Council 
have reached a provisional agreement on 28 October 2022 which manifests such aim towards zero-emission 
mobility. This provisional agreement has been endorsed by the European Parliament on 14 February 2023, 
which sets the path for a new legislation containing new CO2 standards which require average emissions of 
new cars to come down by 55% by 2030, and new vans by 50% by 2030. Although the newly approved CO2 
emissions reduction targets for new passenger cars and light commercial vehicles will have to be formally 
adopted by the Council, it is likely to already have an adverse impact on the residual values of Leased 
Vehicles with combustion engines. Such impact may result in lower proceeds in case of a sale of or 
enforcement on Leased Vehicles and, therefore may impact the Issuer’s ability to make payments under the 
Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
 
 
Risks Resulting from Data Protection Rules 
Since 25 May 2018, the Regulation (EU) 2015/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 
2016 (the "General Data Protection Regulation") applies and, together with the Data Protection Amendment 
and Implementation Act (Datenschutzanpassungs- und Umsetzungsgesetz), which implements Directive 
(EU) 2016/680 of the European Parliament and the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural 
persons with regard to the processing of personal data, replaced the German Federal Data Protection Act 
(Bundesdatenschutzgesetz). 
Pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation, a transfer of personal data is permitted, inter alia, if (i) 
the data subject has given consent to the processing of his or her personal data for one or more specific 
purposes or (ii) processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the controller 
or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and 
freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data.  
The assignment of the Purchased Expectancy Rights, however, is not structured in strict compliance with the 
guidelines for German true sale securitisations of bank assets set out in the circular 4/97 of the German 
Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht). In particular, these 
guidelines require a neutral entity to act as data trustee that is a public notary, a domestic credit institution or 
a credit institution having its seat in any member state of the European Union or any other state of the 
European Economic Area and being supervised pursuant to the EU Banking Directives. The Data Protection 
Trustee does not fall into any of these categories. Arguably, the rationale for identifying regulated credit 
institutions and notaries as eligible data trustees is, besides their neutrality, their reliability in relation to the 
protection of data when handling personal data. Thus, the Issuer has been advised that there are good 
arguments to construe the term neutral entity for this purpose to include other entities having their seat in the 
European Union or European Economic Area if the relevant entity is equally neutral and reliable in relation to 
the handling of personal data which is also backed by the view of the German Federal Financial Supervisory 
Authority (cf. letter of the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority of 14 December 2007, section 
capacity as data trustee, BA 37-FR 1903-2007/0001).  
If the Issuer was considered to be in breach of the General Data Protection Regulation or the Data Protection 
Amendment and Implementation Act (Datenschutzanpassungs- und Umsetzungsgesetz), it could be fined 
and in case of such fines being substantial, this could have an impact on the ability of the Issuer to make 
payments on the Notes ultimately leading to a risk of the Noteholders to incur a loss. 
Residual Value Risk  
A residual value risk exists when the estimated market value of a leased asset at the time of disposal upon 
expiration of a contract is less than the residual value calculated at the time the contract was closed. However, 
it is also possible to realize more than the calculated residual value at the time the leased asset is disposed 
of.  
Direct and indirect residual value risks are differentiated relative to the bearer of the residual value risks. A 
direct residual value risk is present when the residual value risk is borne by Volkswagen Leasing GmbH. An 
indirect residual value risk is present if the residual value risk has been transferred to a third party based on 
the guaranteed residual value (e. g. customers, dealerships). The initial risk is that the counterparty 
guaranteeing the residual value might default. If the guarantor of the residual value defaults, the leased asset 
and hence the residual value risk are transferred to Volkswagen Leasing GmbH. 
Historical and other Information 
The historical information set out in particular in "DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO" reflects the historical 
experience and sets out the procedures applied by the initial Servicer to the Portfolio of the Seller. However, 
the past performance of financial assets is no assurance as to the future performance of the Purchased 
Rights. Any deterioration of the future performance of the Purchased Rights, however, may result in the Issuer 
not receiving sufficient collections to redeem part or all of the Notes.

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
 
 
IV. RISKS RELATED TO REGULATORY CHANGES 
Risk retention and due diligence requirements 
Investors, to which the Securitisation Regulation is applicable, should make themselves aware of the 
requirements of Article 5 of the Securitisation Regulation, in addition to any other regulatory requirements 
applicable to them with respect to their investment in the Notes. 
The Securitisation Regulation replaced the former risk retention requirements by one single provision, Article 
6 of the Securitisation Regulation, which provides for a new direct obligation on originators to retain risk. 
Article 5 (1)(c) of the Securitisation Regulation requires institutional investors as defined in Article 2 (12) of 
the Securitisation Regulation (which term also includes an insurance or reinsurance undertaking as defined 
in the Solvency II Regulation and an alternative investment fund manager as defined in the AIFM Regulation) 
to verify that, if established in the European Union, the originator, sponsor or original lender retains on an 
ongoing basis a material net economic interest in accordance with Article 6 of the Securitisation Regulation 
and the risk retention is disclosed to the institutional investor in accordance with Article 7(1)(e) of the 
Securitisation Regulation. 
With respect to the commitment of the Seller to retain a material net economic interest in the securitisation as 
contemplated by Article 6(3)(d) of the Securitisation Regulation, the Seller, in its capacity as originator, will 
retain, for the life of the Programme, such net economic interest through overcollateralisation of the Notes 
and the Subordinated Loan and such overcollateralisation acts as a ‘first loss’ retention of no less than 5 per 
cent. of the nominal value of the securitised assets, provided that the level of retention may reduce over time 
in compliance with Article 10(2) of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 625/2014 or any successor 
delegated regulation. The 'first loss' tranche being the sum of (i) amounts required for overcollateralisation 
purposes (which shall include, for the avoidance of doubt, amounts standing to the credit of the Accumulation 
Account from time to time) and (ii) the amount as set forth in connection with the issuance of the relevant 
Notes for the endowment of the Cash Collateral Account to equal the Specified General Cash Collateral 
Account Balance, such sum being equivalent to no less than 5 per cent. of the nominal value of the securitised 
exposures. 
The outstanding balance of the retained exposures may be reduced over time by, amongst other things, 
amortisation and allocation of losses or defaults on the underlying Purchased Expectancy Rights and 
Purchased Final Payment Receivables. The monthly investor reports will also set out monthly confirmation 
as to the Seller's continued holding of the original retained exposures.  
It should be noted that there is no certainty that references to the retention obligations of the Seller in this 
Base Prospectus will constitute explicit disclosure (on the part of the Seller) or adequate due diligence (on 
the part of the Noteholders) for the purposes of Article 5 of the Securitisation Regulation. 
Article 5 of the Securitisation Regulation places an obligation on institutional investors (as defined in the 
Securitisation Regulation) before investing in a securitisation and thereafter, to analyse, understand and 
stress test their securitisation positions and monitor on an ongoing basis in a timely manner performance 
information on the exposures underlying their securitisation positions. After the Issue Date, VWL in its capacity 
as originator as designated reporting entity under Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation will prepare 
Monthly Investor Reports wherein relevant information with regard to the Purchased Expectancy Rights will 
be disclosed publicly together with an overview of the retention of the material net economic interest by the 
Seller in accordance with the Securitisation Regulation Disclosure Requirements and will make such 
information available via the Securitisation Repository. 
Where the relevant retention requirements are not complied with in any material respect and there is 
negligence or omission in the fulfilment of the due diligence obligations on the part of a credit institution that 
is investing in the Notes, a proportionate additional risk weight of no less than 250 per cent. of the risk weight 
(with the total risk weight capped at 1250 per cent.) which would otherwise apply to the relevant securitisation 
position will be imposed on such credit institution, progressively increasing with each subsequent infringement 
of the due diligence provisions.  
If the Seller does not comply with its obligations under Article 6 of the Securitisation Regulation, the ability of 
the Noteholders to sell and/or the price investors receive for, the Notes in the secondary market may be 
adversely affected.

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
 
 
Before and following the issuance of Notes, relevant investors, to which the Securitisation Regulation is 
applicable, are required to independently assess and determine the sufficiency of the information described 
above for the purposes of complying with Article 5 of the Securitisation Regulation. 
Noteholders should take their own advice and/or seek guidance from their regulator on compliance with, and 
the application of, the provisions of Article 6 of the Securitisation Regulation in particular. 
Securitisation Regulation 
In the Programme the residual value in a vehicle is monetised in the form of an expectancy right 
(Anwartschaftsrecht) which results from such vehicle being leased to a customer, the leasing cash flows being 
securitised and the vehicle being granted as collateral to the Relevant Lease Receivables Purchaser by VWL. 
An expectancy right is a unique German law concept, i.e. a right in rem (dingliches Recht), and as such does 
not have an obligor, so that there is some uncertainty in how the obligor-related requirements of the 
Securitisation Regulation are to complied with. However, in a Q&A (Question ID: 2019_5016) the European 
Banking Authority confirmed that securitisations securitising the residual values in vehicles which are 
monetised in the form of an expectancy right (Anwartschaftsrecht) are generally able to comply with Articles 
20, 21 and 22 of the Securitisation Regulation and can be designated as a STS securitization when the 
residual values of the vehicles are guaranteed or fully mitigated by a repurchase obligation. 
Although the Programme has been structured to comply with the requirements for simple, transparent and 
standardised securitisations transactions as set out in Articles 20, 21 and 22 of the Securitisation Regulation 
and has been verified by STS Verification International GmbH on 21 May 2021, in its capacity as third party 
verification agent authorised pursuant to Article 28 of the Securitisation Regulation, and such verification has 
been confirmed on each annual renewal date since then, no guarantee can be given that it maintains this 
status throughout its lifetime. The designation of the Programme as compliant with Articles 20, 21 and 22 of 
the Securitisation Regulation does not constitute, nor shall be regarded as constituting, a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities. Noteholders and potential investors should verify the current status of the 
Programme on the website of ESMA. Non-compliance with such status may result in higher capital 
requirements for investors as an investment in the Notes would not benefit from Articles 243, 260, 262 and 
264 of the CRR. Furthermore, following STS classification, any non-compliance could result in various 
administrative sanctions and/or remedial measures being imposed on the Issuer which may be payable or 
reimbursable by the Issuer. As the Order of Priority does not foresee a reimbursement of the Issuer for the 
payment of any of such administrative sanctions and/or remedial measures the repayment of the Notes may 
be adversely affected. 
Under Regulation (EU) 2017/2401 amending Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (the "CRR Amendment 
Regulation") the risk weights applicable to securitisation exposures for credit institutions and investment 
firms have been substantially increased, depending on the features of the particular securitisation exposure. 
Prospective investors should carefully consider (and, where appropriate, take independent advice) in relation 
to the capital charges associated with an investment in the Notes. In particular, investors should carefully 
consider the capital charges associated with an investment in the Notes for credit institutions and investment 
firms, depending on the particular exposure. These effects may include, but are not limited to, a decrease in 
demand for the Notes in the secondary market, which may lead to a decreased price for the Notes. It may 
also lead to decreased liquidity and increased volatility in the secondary market. Prospective investors are 
themselves responsible for monitoring and assessing changes to the EU risk retention rules and their 
regulatory capital requirements.  
Investor compliance with due diligence requirements under the UK Securitisation Regulation 
Pursuant to the EUWA, from 11pm (GMT) on 31 December 2020, EU regulations (including the Securitisation 
Regulation) which previously had direct effect in the UK by virtue of the European Communities Act 1972 
were transposed into domestic law in the UK.  
The Securitisation Regulation regime forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA 
and any implementing laws or regulations in force in the United Kingdom in relation to the Securitisation 
Regulation or amending the Securitisation Regulation as it applies in the United Kingdom (together with 
applicable directions, secondary legislation, guidance, binding technical standards and related documents 
published by the FCA and the PRA of the United Kingdom) (the "UK Securitisation Regulation"). In certain

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
 
 
cases, UK regulated entities can continue to comply with the previous requirements under the Securitisation 
Regulation instead of the UK Securitisation Regulation.  
The UK Securitisation Regulation includes in Article 5 due diligence requirements which are applicable to UK 
institutional investors in a securitisation. 
If the due diligence requirements under Article 5 of the UK Securitisation Regulation are not satisfied then, 
depending on the regulatory requirements applicable to such UK institutional investors, an additional risk 
weight, regulatory capital charge and/or other regulatory sanction may be applied to such securitisation 
investment and/or imposed on the UK institutional investor. 
In respect of the due diligence requirements under Article 5 of the UK Securitisation Regulation, potential UK 
institutional investors (as defined in the UK Securitisation Regulation) should note in particular that: 
 
in respect of the risk retention requirements set out in Article 6 of the UK Securitisation Regulation 
VWL, in its capacity as originator, commits to retain a material net economic interest with respect to 
this Programme in compliance with Article 6(3)(d) of the Securitisation Regulation and Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 625/2014 or any successor delegated regulation only and not in 
compliance with Article 6 of the UK Securitisation Regulation, and 
 
in respect of the transparency requirements set out in Article 7 of the UK Securitisation Regulation, 
the Servicer in its capacity as designated reporting entity under Article 7 of the Securitisation 
Regulation will make use of the standardised templates developed by ESMA in respect of the 
Securitisation Regulation Disclosure Requirements for the purposes of this Programme and will not 
make use of the standardised templates adopted by the FCA.  
UK institutional investors (as defined in the UK Securitisation Regulation) should be aware that whilst, at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Securitisation Regulation Disclosure Requirements and the transparency 
requirements of Article 7 of the UK Securitisation Regulation are very similar, the Securitisation Regulation 
and UK Securitisation Regulation (including but not limited to the Securitisation Regulation Disclosure 
Requirements and the transparency requirements of Article 7 of the UK Securitisation Regulation) may 
diverge. No assurance can be given that the information included in this Base Prospectus or provided in 
accordance with the Securitisation Regulation Disclosure Requirements will be sufficient for the purposes of 
assisting such UK institutional investors in complying with their due diligence obligations under Article 5 of 
the UK Securitisation Regulation. 
Therefore, relevant UK institutional investors are required to independently assess and determine the 
sufficiency of the information described in this Base Prospectus for the purposes of complying with Article 5 
of the UK Securitisation Regulation, and any corresponding national measures which may be relevant to 
investors, and no assurance can be given that this is the case. None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Lead 
Manager, the Expectancy Rights Trustee, the Servicer, the Seller or any of the other Programme Parties 
makes any representation that any such information described in this Base Prospectus is sufficient in all 
circumstances for such purposes. 
This Programme is not intended to be designated as a simple, transparent and standardised securitisation 
for the purposes of the UK Securitisation Regulation. However, under the UK Securitisation Regulation, 
securitisation transactions which have been notified to ESMA prior to 31 December 2024 as meeting the 
requirements to qualify as a simple, transparent and standardised securitisation under the Securitisation 
Regulation can also qualify as a simple, transparent and standardised securitisation under the UK 
Securitisation Regulation, provided that the securitisation transaction remains on the ESMA register and 
continues to meet the requirements for simple, transparent and standardised securitisations under the 
Securitisation Regulation.  
U.S. Risk Retention 
The Programme will not involve risk retention by the Seller for the purposes of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, 
but rather will be made in reliance on an exemption provided for in Section __.20 of the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules regarding non-U.S. transactions. Such non-U.S. transactions must meet certain requirements, 
including that (1) the transaction is not required to be and is not registered under the Securities Act; (2) no 
more than 10 per cent. of the dollar value (or equivalent amount in the currency in which the securities are

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
 
 
issued) of all classes of securities issued in the securitisation transaction are sold or transferred to U.S. 
persons (in each case, as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules) or for the account or benefit of U.S. 
persons (as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules and referred to in this Base Prospectus as "Risk 
Retention U.S. Persons"); (3) neither the sponsor nor the issuer of the securitisation transaction is organised 
under U.S. law or is a branch located in the United States of a non-U.S. entity; and (4) no more than 25 per 
cent. of the underlying collateral was acquired from a majority-owned affiliate or branch of the sponsor or 
issuer organised or located in the United States. 
There can be no assurance that the exemption provided for in Section __.20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules 
regarding non-U.S. transactions will be available.  Failure of the offering of the Notes to comply with the U.S. 
Risk Retention Rules (regardless of the reason for such failure to comply) could give rise to regulatory action 
which may adversely affect the Notes.  Furthermore, the impact of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules on the 
securitisation market generally is uncertain, and a failure by a transaction to comply with the risk retention 
requirements of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules could negatively affect the market value and secondary market 
liquidity of the Notes. 
Reform of EURIBOR Determinations 
EURIBOR qualifies as a benchmark (a "Benchmark") within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC 
and 2014/17/EC and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"), which is applicable 
since 1 January 2018. Currently, EURIBOR has been identified as a "critical benchmark" within the meaning 
of the Benchmarks Regulation. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to "contributors", "administrators" and 
"users" of benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) in the EU, and among other things, (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of 
benchmarks and (ii) ban the use of benchmarks of unauthorised administrators. EURIBOR is administered 
by European Money Markets Institute which is registered in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on date of this Base 
Prospectus. Should the European Money Markets Institute become de-registered from ESMA's register of 
administrators and benchmarks, there is a risk that the use of EURIBOR might be banned in accordance with 
the Benchmarks Regulation.  
Furthermore, it is not possible to ascertain as at the date of this Base Prospectus (i) what the impact of the 
Benchmarks Regulation will be on the determination of EURIBOR in the future, which could adversely affect 
the value of the Notes, (ii) how changes in accordance with the Benchmarks Regulation may impact the 
determination of EURIBOR for the purposes of the Notes and the Swap Agreement, (iii) whether any changes 
in accordance with the Benchmarks Regulation will result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in 
EURIBOR rates or (iv) whether changes in accordance with the Benchmarks Regulation will have an adverse 
impact on the liquidity or the market value of the Notes and the payment of interest thereunder.   
Any consequential changes to EURIBOR as a result of the European Union, or other international, national, 
or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further uncertainty in relation to the 
timing and manner of implementation of such changes could have a material adverse effect on the value of 
and return on the Notes. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing 
to administer or participate in certain Benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules of methodologies used in 
certain Benchmarks, adversely affect the performance of a Benchmark or lead to the disappearance of certain 
Benchmarks. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, shall have 
the right to determine a Substitute Reference Rate in its due discretion, but subject to a prior coordination 
with the Expectancy Rights Trustee, to replace EURIBOR. There can be no assurance, however, that an 
appropriate Substitute Reference Rate will be available in such a situation and, if available, that the Substitute 
Reference Rate will generate interest payments under the Notes resulting in the Noteholders receiving the 
same yield that he would have received had EURIBOR been applied for the remaining life of the Notes. 
Furthermore, as alternative or reformed reference rates to replace the EURIBOR calculated according to their 
original methodology are still in the process of being identified and developed by or with the involvement of 
administrators, contributors, central banks, supervisory authorities and market participants, it cannot be 
predicted at the date of this Base Prospectus what such Substitute Reference Rate would be. Should the 
Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, substitute EURIBOR for a Substitute Reference Rate, this could negatively 
affect the yield and the market value of the Notes. If the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, does not make use

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
 
 
of its right to determine a Substitute Reference Rate, interest payable on the Notes will be determined in 
reliance on the ordinary fallback mechanism set forth in the Conditions. In a situation where EURIBOR has 
definitely ceased to exist, no such quotes might be provided, in which event interest payable under the Notes 
would be determined on the basis of the rate(s) shown on the relevant screen page of the relevant information 
vendor on last day on which such screen rate was available, effectively turning floating rate notes into Notes 
with fixed interest payments. The application of this fallback mechanism could have significant negative 
effects on the yield and the market value of the Notes, particularly because EURIBOR immediately prior to 
its definite disappearance might be subject to high volatility. 
The Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") contains similar requirements with respect to the UK, in particular the 
requirement for benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-UK-based, to be subject 
to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with extensive requirements in 
relation to the administration of benchmarks and prevent certain uses by UK-supervised entities of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-UK based, deemed equivalent 
or recognised or endorsed). Pursuant to section 20 of the Financial Services Act 2021, the transitional period 
for third country benchmarks has been extended from 31 December 2022 to 31 December 2025. 
Basel Capital Accord and regulatory capital requirements 
Investors should note in particular that the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel 
Committee") has approved a series of significant changes to the Basel framework for prudential regulation 
(such changes being commonly referred to as "Basel III"). The European legislators have incorporated the 
Basel III framework into EU law, primarily through Capital Requirements Directive 2013/36/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and 
the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and 
repealing Directive 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC (the "CRD"), as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of 20 
May 2019 (the "CRD V"), and the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (the "CRR"), as amended by Regulation (EU) 
2019/876 of 20 May 2019 (the "CRR II"). The changes under CRD V and the CRR II may have an impact on 
the capital requirements in respect of the Notes and/or on incentives to hold the Notes for investors that are 
subject to requirements that follow the relevant framework and, as a result, may affect the liquidity and/or 
value of the Notes. 
Additionally, on 9 June 2022, Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/786, amending Regulation (EU) 
2015/61, which sets out assumed asset inflow and outflow rates to better reflect actual experience in times 
of stress (the "LCR Regulation"), entered into force. According to the LCR Regulation, inter alia, (i) the 
calculation of the expected liquidity outflows and inflows on repurchase agreements, reverse repurchase 
agreements and collateral swaps shall be aligned with the international liquidity standard developed by Basel 
Committee on Banking Supervision; (ii) the treatment of certain reserves held with third-country central banks 
shall be amended and (iii) transactions exposures of securitisations, which qualify as simple, transparent and 
standardised securitisations in accordance with the Securitisation Regulation, shall qualify as Level 2B high 
quality liquid assets, if they additionally fulfil the conditions laid down in Article 12 and 13 of the LCR 
Regulation. The LCR Regulation, as amended, applies since 8 July 2022. It should be noted that only notes 
having a rating fall under the scope of the LCR Regulation. 
The CRD V, the CRR II and LCR Regulation may have negative implications on the cost of regulatory capital 
for certain investors and thereby on the overall return from an investment of the Notes and the liquidity of the 
Notes. Therefore, investors should consult their own advisers as to the regulatory capital requirements in 
respect of the Notes and as to the consequences to and effect on them by the CRD V, the CRR II and the 
LCR Regulation. No predictions can be made as to the precise effects of such matters on any investor or 
otherwise. 
There can be no guarantee that the regulatory capital treatment of the Notes for investors will not be affected 
by any future implementation of and changes to the CRD V, or other regulatory or accounting changes. 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published legislative proposals for amendments to the 
Capital Requirements Directive ("CRD VI") and to the Capital Requirements Regulation ("CRR III") in order 
to implement the updated final Basel III standards (such proposals being the "EU Banking Package 2021"). 
On 8 October 2022, the Council of the European Union agreed a general approach on the proposed EU

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
 
 
Banking Package 2021, which is now expected to be negotiated with the European Parliament during the 
course of 2023. The proposal, if implemented and approved by the European Parliament, is expected to 
become effective starting 1 January 2025. 
 
V. RISKS RELATED TO THE TAXATION 
The Common Reporting Standard 
Directive 2014/107/EU on Administrative Cooperation in the Field of Taxation ("DAC II") implements the 
Common Reporting Standard ("CRS") in a European context and creates a mandatory obligation for all EU 
Member States to exchange financial account information in respect of residents in other EU Member States 
on an annual basis.  
For the purposes of complying with its obligations under CRS and DAC II, if any, the Issuer shall be entitled 
to require Noteholders to provide any information regarding their and, in certain circumstances, their 
controlling persons' tax status, identity or residence in order to satisfy any reporting requirements which the 
Issuer may have as a result of CRS and DAC II and Noteholders will be deemed, by their holding, to have 
authorised the automatic disclosure of such information by the Issuer (or any nominated service provider) or 
any other person to the relevant tax authorities who will exchange the information with the tax authorities of 
other participating jurisdictions, as applicable. Failure by the Issuer to comply with its CRS and DAC II 
obligations, if any, may result in the Issuer being deemed to be non-compliant in respect of its CRS obligations 
and monetary penalties may be imposed as a result under applicable law. Such monetary penalties may lead 
to an inability of the Issuer to pay fully or partially interest on the Notes and or to redeem part or all of the 
Notes. 
Income tax 
A foreign corporation is subject to unlimited German resident taxation if it maintains its place of effective 
management and control (Geschäftsleitung) in Germany. As a consequence, the foreign corporation would 
be subject to German resident taxation on its worldwide income, unless certain branch income is tax-exempt 
according to the provision of any applicable tax treaty. The determination of where the place of effective 
management and control is located is based on factual circumstances and cannot be made with scientific 
accuracy. If the German tax authorities and German fiscal courts come to the conclusion that the Issuer 
maintains its effective place of management and control in Germany, the Issuer’s worldwide income would 
be subject to German corporate income except for non-German branch income which is tax-exempted 
according to the provision of any applicable tax treaty; ancillary charges might be assessed additionally. 
A foreign corporation that does not maintain its effective place of management and control in Germany may 
become subject to limited German corporate income taxation if it maintains a permanent establishment 
(Betriebsstätte) or has a permanent representative (Ständiger Vertreter) in Germany. The Issuer does not 
maintain any business premises or office facilities in Germany. In addition, the servicing activities of the 
Servicer should not constitute business being rendered for, and subject to the directions of, the Issuer on a 
permanent basis such that the Issuer would not have a permanent representative in Germany (ständiger 
Vertreter) due to the collection services of the Servicer. The competent German tax authorities are still in the 
process of determining which elements of the activities of a foreign entity (including having its receivables 
serviced by a German entity) may create a permanent establishment or a permanent representative of such 
entity pursuant to German domestic law. Should the German tax authorities and German fiscal courts come 
to the conclusion that the Issuer maintains a permanent establishment (Betriebsstätte) or has a permanent 
representative (Ständiger Vertreter) in Germany, all income attributable to the functions rendered by the 
Servicer would be subject to German limited corporate income taxation; plus ancillary charges (if any). Such 
income might include all refinancing income and expenses of the Issuer and, therefore, the earnings-stripping 
rule might apply to the interest payable on the issued Notes.  
Any German corporate income tax amounts paid by the Issuer to the German tax authorities would reduce 
the amounts available for payments under the Notes. 
Trade tax 
The Issuer is subject to German trade tax if its effective place of management and control is in Germany or 
the Issuer maintains a permanent establishment in Germany. As outlined above, there is no final position of

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
 
 
the German tax authorities and the German fiscal courts with respect to the precise criteria applicable for 
determining the effective place of management and control and a permanent establishment of a foreign issuer 
in ABS-transactions. In case the German tax authorities and the German fiscal courts come to the conclusion 
that the Issuer maintains its effective place of management and control or a permanent establishment in 
Germany, German trade tax will, in principle, be levied on business profits derived by the Issuer attributable 
to the German presence; plus ancillary charges (if any). In order to cover such potential German trade tax 
risk, VWL has undertaken to indemnify the Issuer against any liabilities, costs, claims and expenses resulting 
from such trade tax claims, except those penalties and interest surcharges that are due to the gross 
negligence or wilful misconduct of the Issuer. Any German trade tax amounts nevertheless to be paid by the 
Issuer to the German tax authorities would reduce the amounts available for payments under the Notes. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
When dealing with cases with a US connection the regulations of the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
("FATCA") could apply. Under the FATCA regime and the corresponding local regulations in Luxembourg, 
and Germany specific financial and non-financial institutions are required to exchange tax relevant information 
with the US tax authorities. A non-compliance with such reporting obligations can result in a duty to withhold 
30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax on, inter alia, interest and other fixed or determinable annual or periodical 
income of persons or entities taxable in the US. However, if an amount in respect of such withholding tax 
were to be deducted or withheld either from amounts due to the Issuer or from interest, principal or other 
payments made in respect of the Notes, neither the Issuer nor any paying agent nor any other person would, 
pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
deduction or withholding. As a result, investors in the Notes may receive less interest or principal than 
expected. 
ATAD Laws and ATAD 3 Proposal  
The Issuer is liable to Luxembourg corporate income tax on its worldwide net profits. The Luxembourg laws 
of 21 December 2018, which implements the Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of 12 July 2016 laying down 
rules against tax avoidance practices that directly affect the functioning of the internal market (commonly 
known as "ATAD") and the Luxembourg law of 20 December 2019 implementing the Council Directive (EU) 
2017/952 of 29 May 2019 regarding hybrid mismatches with third countries (commonly known as ATAD 2), 
together the "ATAD Laws", introduced new tax measures into Luxembourg law, including among others a 
limitation as regards so-called "exceeding borrowing costs" and hybrid mismatch rules. Whilst certain 
exemptions and safe harbour provisions (for example, exceeding borrowing costs up to 3 million euro will 
always remain deductible) exist in relation to the limitation of exceeding borrowing costs, these new rules may 
in certain situations result in the limitation respectively the denial of the deduction of payments to investors 
for Luxembourg tax purposes, which may adversely affect the income tax position of the Issuer and as such 
affect generally its ability to make payments to the holders of the Notes. According to the December 
infringement package published by the European Commission on 2 December 2021, the European 
Commission sent a reasoned opinion to Luxembourg asking it to correctly transpose ATAD into its local laws 
regarding the treatment of securitisation vehicles subject to and compliant with the Securitisation Regulation. 
Under current Luxembourg law and contrary to the wording of ATAD, securitisation companies covered by  
and compliant with the Securitisation Regulation are excluded from the scope of the interest deduction 
limitation rules. The reasoned opinion follows a formal notice sent to Luxembourg on 14 May 2020. In 
response, Luxembourg adopted a bill of law on 9 March 2022 to remove securitisation vehicles subject to and 
compliant with the Securitisation Regulation from the list of financial undertakings that are out of scope of the 
interest deduction limitation rule as from 1 January 2023. The outcome of such bill of law, and the impacts on 
the Issuer, if any, as well as whether such outcome/impacts ultimately will or will not have a retroactive effect 
remain uncertain and may as such negatively impact this Base Prospectus or alter the tax position of the 
Issuer.  
In any case, clarifications as regards the ATAD Laws and their interpretation may be enacted after the date 
of this Base Prospectus, possibly with retroactive effect, and could alter the tax position of the Issuer. In 
addition, the Issuer may take positions with respect to certain tax issues resulting from the ATAD Laws which 
may depend on legal conclusions not yet resolved by the courts. Should any such positions be successfully 
challenged by the applicable tax authority, there could be a materially adverse effect on the Issuer and its 
ability to make payments to the holders of the Notes.

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
 
 
In addition, on 22 December 2021, the Council of the European Union published the proposal for a Council 
Directive laying down rules to prevent the misuse of shell entities for tax purposes and amending Directive 
2011/16/EU (the "ATAD 3 Proposal"). Under the ATAD 3 Proposal, reporting obligations would be imposed 
on certain entities resident in a Member State for tax purposes. If these entities qualify as shell entities, they 
would not be able to access the benefits of the tax treaty network of its Member State nor to qualify for benefits 
under Council Directive 2011/96EU of 30 November 2011, as amended (known as the EU parent-subsidiary 
directive) and/or Council Directive 2003/49/EC of 3 June 2003, as amended (known as the EU interest and 
royalties directive). Furthermore, they would not be entitled to a certificate of tax residence to the extent that 
such certificate serves to obtain any of these benefits. Member States are expected to apply the provisions 
of the ATAD 3 Proposal as from 1 January 2024.   
Securitisation companies covered by and compliant with Article 2 point 2 of the Securitisation Regulation are 
excluded from the scope of the current version of the ATAD 3 Proposal. However, the ATAD 3 Proposal is 
still subject to negotiation and the final text of the ATAD 3 Proposal as well as its implementation into local 
laws remain currently uncertain. Consequently, the possible impacts of the ATAD 3 Proposal on the Issuer 
remain currently unknown. 
Therefore, prospective holders of the Notes should make an investment decision only after careful 
consideration, with its independent advisers, as to the consequences of the ATAD Laws as well as to the 
evolution of the ATAD 3 Proposal and its potential impacts on the Issuer.

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
 
 
 
 
Swap Counterparties 
Noteholder 
Lessees 
VCL Master Residual Value S.A. 
Compartment 2 
("Issuer") 
Expectancy Rights 
Trustee 
VW Leasing 
Originator/Servicer 
VCL Master S.A. 
Compartment 1 
Transfer of ER,  
Final Payment 
Receivables and ER 
Related Collateral 
ER Purchase Price 
Transfer of LR + security title 
to Leased Vehicles and other 
Lease Collateral 
Note Purchase 
Price 
Notes
Interest 
and 
principal payments 
Lease Contracts 
Conditional retransfer 
of title to Leased 
Vehicles creating ER 
ER = Expectancy Rights to Leased Vehicles 
LR = Lease Receivables 
Transfer of ER,  
Final Payment 
Receivables and ER 
Related Collateral

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
 
LEGAL STRUCTURE OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following paragraphs contain a brief overview of the legal structure of the programme. This overview is 
necessarily incomplete and prospective investors are urged to read the entire Base Prospectus together with 
the relevant Final Terms, carefully for more detailed information. 
The proceeds from the issue of the VCL Master Notes have been used and shall be used to acquire a portfolio 
of Lease Receivables from VWL, whereas the proceeds from the issue of the Notes have been invested and 
shall be invested to acquire Residual Values in the form of Expectancy Rights. Although the entire Programme 
is described in the following paragraphs, only the Notes are the subject of this Base Prospectus. The 
conditional retransfer of collateral granted for security purposes to VCL Master S.A. creates the Expectancy 
Rights to be sold and transferred to the Issuer for allocation to its Compartment 2.  
The programme is structured in a manner which exposes the Noteholders to 
(a) 
in relation to Purchased Expectancy Rights, to the extent the respective Leased Vehicles 
related to the Purchased Expectancy Rights are realised by way of sale in the open market, 
the market risk associated with the realisation of the Leased Vehicles; and 
(b) 
in relation to Final Payment Receivables, the credit risk of the underlying Lessees. 
To the extent that the Security, or the proceeds of the realisation thereof, and the Issuer’s additional 
free assets (sonstiges freies Vermögen), if any, prove ultimately insufficient to satisfy the claims of 
the Noteholders in full, then claims in respect of any shortfall will be extinguished and neither the 
Noteholders nor the Expectancy Rights Trustee will have any further claims against the Issuer acting 
with respect to its relevant Compartment. Such assets and proceeds shall be deemed to be "ultimately 
insufficient" at such time when, in the opinion of the Expectancy Rights Trustee, no further assets 
are available and no further proceeds can be realised therefrom to satisfy any outstanding claims of 
the Noteholders, and neither assets nor proceeds will be so available thereafter. 
Inter alia, the following legal relationships are or have been entered into in order to implement the programme: 
Sale of Lease Receivables, Expectancy Rights, Final Payment Receivables and corresponding 
Expectancy Rights Related Collateral 
VWL and VCL Master S.A. entered into the VCL Master Receivables Purchase Agreement pursuant to which: 
(a) 
VWL sells Lease Receivables to the VCL Master S.A. and transfers the Leased Vehicles for 
security purposes to VCL Master S.A.; 
(b) 
VCL Master S.A. funds the purchase price for the Lease Receivables by issuing and selling 
the VCL Master Notes. 
Pursuant to clause 8.8 of the VCL Master S.A. Receivables Purchase Agreement in the course of a term 
takeout, VWL and the Relevant Lease Receivables Purchaser will enter into a Relevant Receivables 
Purchase Agreement pursuant to which: 
(a) 
VWL has been authorised (ermächtigt) by the VCL Master Security Trustee and by VCL 
Master S.A. to assign Lease Receivables to the Relevant Lease Receivables Purchaser; 
(b) 
the Relevant Lease Receivables Purchaser funds the purchase price for the Lease 
Receivables by issuing and selling notes. 
VWL and the Issuer entered into the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement pursuant to which: 
(a) 
VWL sells Expectancy Rights, Final Payment Receivables and corresponding Expectancy 
Rights Related Collateral to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
the Issuer funds the purchase price for the Expectancy Rights, the Final Payment 
Receivables and corresponding Expectancy Rights Related Collateral by issuing and selling 
the Notes.

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
 
 
During the Revolving Period VWL has the right to sell and transfer to the Issuer at its option under the 
Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement or any Additional Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement on any 
Additional Purchase Date the Expectancy Rights and related Expectancy Rights Related Collateral regarding 
the Leased Vehicles in relation to Lease Receivables which have been sold and transferred to Relevant Lease 
Receivables Purchaser in accordance with the Relevant Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
The purchase price for the Expectancy Rights, Final Payment Receivables and corresponding other 
Expectancy Rights Related Collateral have been funded or, respectively, will be funded by the issue of the 
Notes, the Further Notes and from cash proceeds available in the Accumulation Account. 
In rem transfers 
Under the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement and any Additional Expectancy Rights Purchase 
Agreement, VWL will assign and transfer to the Issuer, Expectancy Rights, the Final Payment Receivables 
and corresponding Expectancy Rights Related Collateral in relation to Leased Vehicles. 
Post-funding situation 
The Issuer authorises the Expectancy Rights Trustee to act for the Programme Creditors pursuant to the 
terms of the Trust Agreement. 
The Issuer has entered into the Servicing Agreement with VWL pursuant to which VWL will service the Final 
Payment Receivables and realise the Expectancy Rights and Expectancy Rights Related Collateral. 
The Issuer has further entered into the Repurchase Agreement with VWL under which VWL undertakes to 
purchase the Leased Vehicles upon expiry of the underlying Lease Contract and transformation of the related 
Expectancy Rights into full legal title to the Leased Vehicles. 
In order to comply with Data Protection Rules, VWL will make an encrypted list (with only the names and 
addresses of the respective Lessees) available to the Issuer and will make the Portfolio Decryption Key for 
the decryption in a secured excel file available to the Data Protection Trustee.

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The aggregate net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes and the borrowings under the Subordinated Loan 
will be used to purchase Expectancy Rights from VWL during the Revolving Period and to pay costs related 
to the issue of the Notes, all as further described for the relevant Series of Notes in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
General Conditions of the Notes 
No obligation of VWL whatsoever will arise from the Notes. 
Denomination 
The issue in the aggregate Nominal Amount of up to EUR 10,000,000,000 consists of registered Notes with 
a Nominal Amount of EUR 100,000 each, ranking equally among themselves. The Notes rank senior to the 
Subordinated Loan. 
Global Notes 
The Notes of each Series are, each, issued in registered form and represented by a global note (each a 
"Global Note") without coupons. Each Global Note shall be deposited with a Common Depositary for 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and be held in book-entry form only. Each Global Note will bear the 
personal signatures of two (2) duly authorised directors of VCL Master Residual Value S.A. and will be 
authenticated by one or more employees of the Registrar. 
For each Series of Notes, the Issuer will cause to be kept at the specified office of the Registrar a register 
(the "Register") on which will be entered the names and addresses of the Noteholders (as defined below) 
and the particulars of such Notes held by them and all transfers and payments (of interest and principal) of 
such Notes. The rights of the Noteholders evidenced by the Global Note and title to the relating Notes itself 
pass by assignment and registration in the relevant Register. The Global Notes will be issued in the name of 
a nominee of the common depositary for Clearstream Luxembourg and Euroclear (each such nominee, 
respectively, the "Registered Holder"). The Registered Holder will be subsequently registered as Noteholder 
in the relevant Register.  
Each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg, as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Notes shall be treated by the Issuer and any paying agent as the holder of such nominal amount of the Notes 
for all purposes. 
No transfer of Notes will be valid unless entered into the Register, provided that the interests in the Notes 
represented by a Global Note are transferable only according to applicable rules and regulations of 
Clearstream Luxembourg, and Euroclear, as the case may be. Each of the Global Notes will not be 
exchangeable for definitive notes. 
Payments of Principal and Interest 
Payments of principal and interest, if any, on the Notes shall be made by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf 
of the Issuer for further payment to Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear or to its order for credit to the 
relevant account holders of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. All payments in respect of any Note 
made by, or on behalf of, the Issuer, or to the order of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall discharge 
the liability of the Issuer under such Note to the extent of sums so paid.  
The Issuer shall have the right to request, by notice to the holders of any Series of the Notes to be delivered 
in accordance with Condition 12 no later than twenty (20) calendar days prior to the final day of the then 
current Revolving Period applicable to such Series of Notes (each a "Series Revolving Period Expiration 
Date", where the first such date for each Series will be set out in the relevant Final Terms), the extension of 
such current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date together, if relevant, with an amendment to the Margin 
with respect to such extension period and the extension of the relevant Legal Maturity Date for a period 
specified in the notice, which shall be equal to the period specified in such notice for the extension of the 
current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date. The extended relevant Series Revolving Period Expiration 
Date and the new Margin, if any, for the period for which such Series Revolving Period Expiration Date has 
been extended shall become effective only if (A) the Issuer received confirmation from the Rating Agencies 
that the rating of the relevant Series of Notes will not be affected by such amendments, or the Rating Agencies 
have confirmed that the assignment of new ratings are not lower than for the then outstanding Notes before 
the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date was extended, or, as applicable, the Issuer has received a new

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
 
 
rating confirmation stating the same rating for the Notes as applicable prior to the amendments and (B) a 
Positive Buffer Release Amount exists and (C) by no later than the third Business Day prior to the then current 
Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, the Issuer has confirmed by notice to the holders in the form 
prescribed in Condition 12 that it has received such reaffirmation and that it agrees to the requested 
amendments and (D) that the Issuer has arranged sufficient interest hedging for the amended Series 
Revolving Period Expiration Date. 
The Notes of each Series are scheduled to be redeemed in full on the Payment Date specified to be the 
scheduled repayment date for such Series in the relevant Final Terms (each a "Scheduled Repayment 
Date"). 
Notwithstanding Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, all payments of interest on and 
principal of each Series of Notes will be due and payable at the latest in full on the respective legal maturity 
date of such Series of Notes as set out in the relevant Final Terms (each a "Legal Maturity Date") provided 
that whenever with respect to a Series of Notes the relevant Series Revolving Period Expiration Date is 
extended, the relevant Legal Maturity Date shall be extended automatically for the same period as the relevant 
Series Revolving Period Expiration Date applicable to such Series. 
On the 25th day of each calendar month or, in the event such day is not a Business Day, on the next following 
Business Day, unless such day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day (the "Payment Date") the Issuer shall, subject to Condition 5(c), pay to 
each Noteholder interest on the principal amount of Notes outstanding immediately prior to the respective 
Payment Date at the relevant Notes Interest Rate, and shall make repayments of the principal amount of 
relevant Notes by paying to the Noteholders of any Amortising Series of Notes the relevant Principal Payment 
Amount. 
The Available Distribution Amount on each Payment Date shall equal the sum of the following amounts: (i) 
the Expectancy Rights Collection Amount, inclusive, for avoidance of doubt, the Monthly Collateral (after any 
relevant netting); plus (ii) any interest accrued on the Accumulation Account and the Distribution Account; 
plus (iii) any Net Swap Receipts under the Swap Agreements and any other amounts included in the Available 
Distribution Amount pursuant to clause 20 (Distribution Account, Accumulation Account, swap provisions) of 
the Trust Agreement; plus (iv) payments from the Cash Collateral Account as provided for in clause 22.2 
(Cash Collateral Account) of the Trust Agreement; plus (v) payments from the VCL Master Distribution 
Account made on the immediately preceding Payment Date; plus (vi) the amounts standing to the credit of 
the Accumulation Account after the preceding Payment Date; plus (vii) any amount from the preceding 
Payment Date which remained as a surplus due to the rounding under the Notes in accordance with Condition 
9(b); plus (viii) any amount to be debited from the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger on such Payment Date 
subject to and in accordance with the relevant mechanics of the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger; plus (ix) any 
Negative Buffer Release Amount, until a Reserve Trigger Event has occurred and the Buffer Release Reserve 
has been funded; but less (x) any Positive Buffer Release Amount, provided that no Credit Enhancement 
Increase Condition is in effect. 
The Issuer is only obliged to make any payments to the Noteholders if it has first received such amounts to 
freely dispose of them. It is understood that interest and principal on the Notes will not be due on any Payment 
Date except to the extent there are sufficient funds in the respective Available Distribution Amount to pay 
such amounts in accordance with the Order of Priority. All payment obligations of the Issuer are limited 
recourse and constitute solely obligations of the Issuer to distribute amounts out of the respective Available 
Distribution Amount according to the Order of Priority. 
Amortisation Amounts 
On each Payment Date, to the extent of the respective Available Distribution Amount in accordance with the 
applicable Order of Priority of distributions set forth below, the Issuer will pay to the holders of the Amortising 
Series of Notes an aggregate amount in respect of principal equal to the Amortisation Amount of the 
respective Series of Notes. Prior to an Enforcement Event, the respective Amortisation Amount is the amount 
necessary to reduce the outstanding principal amount of the respective Series of Notes to the Targeted Note 
Balance. The respective Amortisation Amount is intended to reduce the aggregate outstanding principal 
amounts of the Amortising Series of Notes to amounts which would leave an amount of overcollateralisation 
constant as a percentage of the Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance, subject to certain 
specified increases in those percentages in case a Credit Enhancement Increase Condition is in effect.

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
 
 
Order of Priority of distributions 
In respect of the Notes, distributions will be made on each Payment Date from the Available Distribution 
Amount according to the following Order of Priority: 
(a) 
on each Payment Date prior to the occurrence of an Enforcement Event: 
first, in or towards payment of amounts due and payable in respect of taxes (if any) by the 
Issuer and allocated to the Issuer’s Compartment 2; 
second, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts (excluding any 
payments under the Trustee Claims) due and payable and allocated to the Issuer’s 
Compartment 2 (i) to the Expectancy Rights Trustee under the Trust Agreement and (ii) pari 
passu to any successor of the Expectancy Rights Trustee (if applicable) appointed pursuant 
to clause 31 (Replacement of Expectancy Rights Trustee) of the Trust Agreement or under 
any agreement replacing the Trust Agreement; 
third, in or towards payment of the Servicer Fee to the Servicer; 
fourth, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts due and payable and 
allocated to the Issuer’s Compartment 2 (i) to the Corporate Services Provider under the 
Corporate Services Agreement, (ii) to the Data Protection Trustee under the Data Protection 
Trust Agreement; (iii) to the Rating Agencies the fees for the monitoring, and (iv) to the 
Process Agent and the English Process Agent under the process agency agreements; 
fifth, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts due and payable and 
allocated to the Issuer’s Compartment 2 (i) to the directors of the Issuer and (ii) in respect of 
other administration costs and expenses of the Issuer including without limitation, any costs 
relating to the listing of the Notes, or amounts due and payable to the paying agents, any 
auditors’ fees, any tax filing fees and any annual return which are to be allocated to 
Compartment 2; 
sixth, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts due and payable and 
allocated to the Account Bank maintaining the Accounts for account management fees and 
amounts payable to the Cash Administrator for cash administration fees due under the 
Account Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Interest Determination 
Agent and the Calculation Agent under the Agency Agreement, to the Custodian of any 
amounts due to it from the Issuer under the Custody Agreement and a Note Purchaser under 
the Programme Agreement; 
seventh, pari passu and rateably as to each other on all series of Notes of amounts due and 
payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparties in respect of any Net Swap Payments or 
any Swap Termination Payments under a Swap Agreement (if any and provided that a Swap 
Counterparty under the respective Swap Agreement is not a defaulting party (as defined in 
the respective Swap Agreement) and there has been no termination of the transaction under 
the respective Swap Agreement due to a termination event relating to the respective Swap 
Counterparty’s downgrade); 
eighth, pari passu and rateably to each other of amounts due and payable in respect of (a) 
interest accrued on the Class A Notes during the immediately preceding Interest Accrual 
Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and rateably as to each other on all 
series of Class A Notes; 
ninth, pari passu and rateably to each other of amounts due and payable in respect of (a) 
interest accrued on the Class B Notes during the immediately preceding Interest Accrual 
Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and rateably as to each other on all 
series of Class B Notes;

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
 
 
tenth, in or towards payment to the Cash Collateral Account (as defined below), until the 
General Cash Collateral Amount is equal to the Specified General Cash Collateral Account 
Balance; 
eleventh, pari passu and rateably, in or towards payment of (a) the Amortisation Amounts to 
each Amortising Series of Class A Notes and (b) an amount equal to the Class A 
Accumulation Amount to the Accumulation Account maintained for Non-Amortising Series 
of Notes; 
twelfth, pari passu and rateably, in or towards payment of (a) the Amortisation Amounts to 
each Amortising Series of Class B Notes and (b) an amount equal to the Class B 
Accumulation Amount to the Accumulation Account maintained for Non-Amortising Series 
of Notes; 
thirteenth, pari passu and rateably as to each other in or towards payment to the Swap 
Counterparties of any payments due under the respective Swap Agreements other than 
those made under item seventh above, if any; 
fourteenth, upon the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to VWL, all remaining 
excess shall be transferred pro rata and pari passu  to any VCL Master Distribution Account 
until all series of VCL Master Notes relating to such VCL Master Distribution Account are 
redeemed in full; 
fifteenth, pari passu and rateably as to each other in or towards payment to amounts due 
and payable in respect of (a) interest accrued during the immediately preceding Interest 
Accrual Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) on the Subordinated Loan; 
sixteenth, to the Subordinated Lender to reduce the outstanding principal amount of the 
Subordinated Loan; and 
seventeenth, to pay all remaining excess to VWL by way of a final success fee. 
(b) 
Distribution will be made from the Cash Collateral Account on any Payment Date prior to the 
occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, if and to the extent the General Cash Collateral Amount 
exceeds the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance and no Credit 
Enhancement Increase Condition is in effect, according to the following Order of Priority, 
provided that for any Payment Date on which a Term Takeout takes place, the Specified 
General Cash Collateral Account Balance shall be calculated using the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes following the redemption of the Notes that occurs 
on such Payment Date as a result of such Term Takeout: 
first, to the Subordinated Lender, amounts payable in respect of accrued and unpaid interest 
on the Subordinated Loan (including, without limitation, overdue interest);  
second, to the Subordinated Lender an amount necessary to reduce the outstanding 
principal amount of the Subordinated Loan; and 
third, all remaining excess to VWL by way of a final success fee. 
(c) 
Following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, distributions will be made by the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee from the Available Distribution Amount and from any amounts 
standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account, and according to the following Order 
of Priority: 
first, amounts due and payable in respect of taxes (if any) by the Issuer and allocated to the 
Issuer’s Compartment 2; 
second, amounts (excluding any payments under the Trustee Claim) due and payable and 
allocated to the Issuer’s Compartment 2 (i) to the Expectancy Rights Trustee under the Trust 
Agreement and (ii) pari passu to any successor of the Expectancy Rights Trustee (if 
applicable) appointed pursuant to clause 30 (Termination by the Expectancy Rights Trustee

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
 
 
for good cause) and clause 31 (Replacement of Expectancy Rights Trustee) of the Trust 
Agreement or under any agreement replacing the Trust Agreement; 
third, in or towards payment of the Servicer Fee to the Servicer; 
fourth, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts due and payable and 
allocated to the Issuer’s Compartment 2 (i) to the Corporate Services Provider under the 
Corporate Services Agreement, (ii) to the Data Protection Trustee under the Data Protection 
Trust Agreement; (iii) to the Rating Agencies the fees for the monitoring, and (iv) to the 
Process Agent and the English Process Agent under the process agency agreements; 
fifth, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts due and payable and 
allocated to the Issuer’s Compartment 2 (i) to the directors of the Issuer and (ii) in respect of 
other administration costs and expenses of the Issuer including without limitation, any costs 
relating to the listing of the Notes, or any amounts due and payable to the paying agents, 
any auditors’ fees, any tax filing fees and any annual return which are to be allocated to 
Compartment 2; 
sixth, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts due and payable and 
allocated to the Account Bank maintaining the Accounts for account management fees and 
amounts payable to the Cash Administrator for cash administration fees due under the 
Account Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Interest Determination 
Agent and the Calculation Agent under the Agency Agreement, to the Custodian of any 
amounts due to it from the Issuer under the Custody Agreement and a Note Purchaser under 
the Programme Agreement; 
seventh, pari passu and rateably as to each other on all series of Notes amounts due and 
payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparties in respect of any Net Swap Payments or 
any Swap Termination Payments under a Swap Agreement (if any and provided that a Swap 
Counterparty under the respective Swap Agreement is not a defaulting party (as defined in 
the respective Swap Agreement) and there has been no termination of the transaction under 
the respective Swap Agreement due to a termination event relating to the respective Swap 
Counterparty’s downgrade); 
eighth, pari passu and rateably to each other towards payment of amounts due and payable 
in respect of (a) interest accrued on the Class A Notes during the immediately preceding 
Interest Accrual Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and rateably as to each 
other on all series of Class A Notes; 
ninth, pari passu and rateably to the holders of Class A Notes in respect of principal until the 
Class A Notes are redeemed in full; 
tenth, pari passu and rateably to each other towards payment of amounts due and payable 
in respect of (a) interest accrued on the Class B Notes during the immediately preceding 
Interest Accrual Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and rateably as to each 
other on all series of Class B Notes; 
eleventh, pari passu and rateably to the holders of Class B Notes in respect of principal until 
the Class B Notes are redeemed in full; 
twelfth, pari passu and rateably as to each other in or towards payment to the Swap 
Counterparties of any payments due under the respective Swap Agreements other than 
those made under item seventh above, if any; 
thirteenth, upon the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to VWL, all remaining 
excess shall be transferred to the VCL Master Distribution Account until all series of VCL 
Master Notes are redeemed in full;

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
 
 
fourteenth, towards payment of amounts due and payable in respect of (a) interest accrued 
during the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) 
on the Subordinated Loan; 
fifteenth, to the Subordinated Lender until the Subordinated Loan has been redeemed in full; 
and 
sixteenth, to pay all remaining excess to VWL by way of a final success fee. 
However, (i) any proceeds arising from a Term Takeout shall not be distributed according to the 
above Order of Priority but shall be distributed  
first to the then outstanding Class A Notes, until the Redeemable Amount of all then 
outstanding Class A Notes has been redeemed in full; 
second to the then outstanding Class B Notes, until the Redeemable Amount of all then 
outstanding Class B Notes has been redeemed in full; 
third to the Subordinated Loan; and 
fourth to VWL by way of an additional success fee. 
and (ii) amounts distributed to a specific Series of Class A Notes or a specific Series of Class B Notes 
exceeding the amount required to redeem such Series in full shall be distributed to the other Series 
of Class A Notes and the other Series of Class B Notes, respectively, whereas in case of Non-
Amortising Series of Notes, any redemption payments shall be made in a way to redeem a certain 
number of Notes in their principal amount of Euro 100,000. 
Cash Collateral Account 
On each Payment Date which is also an Issue Date, VWL will fund an increase of the Cash Collateral Account 
with an amount equal to the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance. The Issuer will deposit such 
funds in the Cash Collateral Account at the Account Bank and has agreed to keep these accounts at all times 
with a bank that has the Account Bank Required Ratings. In the event that the Cash Collateral Account Bank 
ceases to have the Account Bank Required Ratings, the Issuer shall within sixty (60) calendar days procure 
transfer of the accounts held with it to an Eligible Collateral Bank notified to it by the Issuer. 
Prior to the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, on each Payment Date, after the payment of interest on the 
Notes and certain other amounts payable by the Issuer, any remaining portion of the Available Distribution 
Amount will be deposited in the respective Cash Collateral Account until the General Cash Collateral Amount 
on deposit in the Cash Collateral Account equals the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance. 
The Cash Collateral Account will contain a Buffer Release Reserve Ledger in which the Buffer Release 
Reserve will be administered. The purpose of the Buffer Release Reserve is to ensure that the Issuer will 
continue to be able to make any payments pursuant to items first to ninth of the Order of Priority, as set out 
in clause 21.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement, if and to the extent the Available Distribution 
Amount is not sufficient to cover payments to be made pursuant to items first to ninth of the Order of Priority, 
as set out in clause 21.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement on any Payment Date. 
Prior to the service of an Enforcement Notice, an amount equal to any negative difference between the 
Available Distribution Amount (not taking into account items (i) and (j) of the definition of Available Distribution 
Amount) and the aggregate payments to be made pursuant to items first to ninth of the Order of Priority, as 
set out in clause 21.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement, if and to the extent paid by the Seller or 
standing to the credit of the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger, will form part of the Available Distribution Amount 
and will, subject to and in accordance with the relevant Order of Priority, be applied towards payment of items 
first to ninth of the Order of Priority, as set out in clause 21.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
For the sake of clarification, if and to the extent the Buffer Release Reserve has been funded, amounts 
standing to the credit of the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger shall be used to cover any shortfalls in the 
amounts payable under the first to ninth items (inclusive) of the Order of Priority prior to the use of the Cash 
Collateral Amount. Following the service of an Enforcement Notice, distributions will be made by the

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
 
 
Expectancy Rights Trustee from the Available Distribution Amount and from any amounts standing to the 
credit of the Cash Collateral Account, and according to the applicable Order of Priority.  
On each Payment Date amounts payable under item tenth of the Order of Priority according to clause 21.2(a) 
of the Trust Agreement will be paid until the amount of funds in the Cash Collateral Account is equal to the 
Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance. On each Payment Date after the amounts standing to 
the credit of the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger have either been reduced to zero or no funding of the Buffer 
Release Reserve or no payment of the Negative Buffer Release Amount has been made so far, the General 
Cash Collateral Amount shall be used with respect to (a) to cover any shortfalls in the amounts payable under 
items first through ninth of the respective Order of Priority in clause 21.2(a) of the Trust Agreement, (b) to 
make payment of the amounts due and payable under clause 21.2(b) (Order of Priority) of the Trust 
Agreement and (c) on the earlier of (i) the latest occurring Legal Maturity Date of any Series of Notes or (ii) 
the date on which the Aggregate Expectancy Rights Balance has been reduced to zero, to make payment of 
the amounts due and payable under items eleventh, twelfth, fifteenth and sixteenth of the Order of Priority set 
out in clause 21.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
On each Payment Date, any amount of the General Cash Collateral Amount in excess of the Specified 
General Cash Collateral Account Balance for that Payment Date (provided that no Credit Enhancement 
Increase Condition is in effect) will be released for payment to the Subordinated Lender of the Subordinated 
Loan (until all amounts payable in respect of accrued and unpaid interest have been made and the principal 
of the Subordinated Loan has been reduced to zero) and thereafter to VWL as provided for under the terms 
of the Trust Agreement provided that for such purposes, on any Payment Date on which a Term Take Out 
takes place, the relevant Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance will be calculated using the 
aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes following the redemption of the Notes that occurs on the 
respective Payment Date as a result of such Term Take Out. 
If on any Payment Date prior to the service of an Enforcement Notice, the balance deposited on the Buffer 
Release Reserve Ledger exceeds the actual Required Buffer Release Reserve Amount, such excess shall 
be repaid directly to the Seller (whereby such excess shall not form part of the Available Distribution Amount). 
Duties of the Issuer 
In addition to its obligation to make payments to the Noteholders as set out in the Conditions of the Notes, 
the Issuer undertakes to hold, administer and collect or realise in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes, 
the Purchased Expectancy Rights, Final Payment Receivables and Expectancy Rights Related Collateral and 
Ancillary Rights arising from Lease Contracts which VWL has concluded with private individual and 
commercial Lessees, claims against the insurer pursuant to loss insurance policies covering the respective 
Leased Vehicles, damage claims arising from a breach of contract or in tort against a respective Lessee, in 
particular claims to lump-sum damages in case of default of the Lessee as well as any interest due and claims 
against third parties due to damage or loss of the Leased Vehicles, any claims arising from the acceptance 
by a third party to purchase the respective Leased Vehicles upon the expiration of the Lease Contract and 
the right to require VWL to repurchase the Expectancy Rights purchased by the Issuer under the Expectancy 
Rights Purchase Agreement and any Additional Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement and further 
described below under "DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO", the General Cash Collateral Amounts, the 
rights arising from the Swap Agreements and the Security, as well as any further rights arising from the 
Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement and any Additional Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement, 
particularly the right to payment of the Settlement Amount. 
Duties of VWL 
VWL shall deliver to the Issuer at all times upon demand and to the extent available to VWL the following 
documents insofar as such documents are required for the assertion of the rights transferred herein: 
(i) 
the certificates of receipt signed by the Lessee concerning the acceptance of the Leased Vehicles; 
(ii) 
the documents concerning the execution of the Lease Contract; 
(iii) 
the respective original vehicle registration certificate (Kraftfahrzeugbrief or Zulassungs-
bescheinigung Teil II);

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
to the extent that VWL is entitled to a disclosure, any information concerning the Lessee, especially 
regarding financial standing, which is available to VWL; 
(v) 
proof of VWL’s unrestricted title to the Leased Vehicles through presentation of the invoice with the 
provision for passage of title and the proof of payment; and 
(vi) 
any further information or documents which are of substantial importance to the Lease Contracts. 
In accordance with the Data Protection Trust Agreement, VWL, promptly after the execution of the Expectancy 
Rights Purchase Agreement and any Additional Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement is obliged to make 
the Portfolio Decryption Key (which is for the decryption of the encrypted list of the names and addresses of 
the respective Lessees for each contract number relating to a Lease Contract) available to the Data Protection 
Trustee. The Issuer is obliged to keep confidential all information about the Lessees and the business of VWL 
obtained in connection with the execution of Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement and any Additional 
Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement. The foregoing shall not apply (i) to information which is generally 
known or becomes generally known without the Issuer being responsible for such disclosure, (ii) to information 
the disclosure of which VWL has expressly or tacitly permitted, (iii) if the Issuer is legally obliged to disclose 
information, and (iv) if the disclosure of information by the Issuer is necessary for asserting rights arising from 
the Notes or the agreements concluded in connection with the issue of the Notes. 
Realisation of Security 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee is authorised and obliged to adequately realise the ownership interest given 
in the form of a directly enforceable security interest in the Leased Vehicles by selling the Leased Vehicles or 
having the Leased Vehicles sold by third parties commissioned by the Expectancy Rights Trustee. The 
proceeds of realisation thus gained shall be allocated as provided in clause 16 (Foreclosure of Security, 
Foreclosure Event) of the Trust Agreement. 
Clean-Up Call 
After expiration of the Revolving Period, VWL will have the right at its option to exercise the Clean-Up Call 
and to repurchase the Purchased Expectancy Rights allocated to the Purchaser on any Payment Date when 
the Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance on a Payment Date is less than ten (10) per cent. of 
the Maximum Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance provided that all payment obligations under the Notes 
will be thereby fulfilled.  
Principal Paying Agent, Registrar 
The Issuer will make payments to the Noteholders through the Principal Paying Agent. Payments shall be 
made from the accounts of the Issuer with The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch, as Account Bank 
without having to execute an affidavit or fulfil any formalities other than the compliance with tax, currency 
exchange or other regulations of the country where the distribution takes place. The Bank of New York Mellon, 
Frankfurt Branch, is an independent credit institution and is not affiliated to VWL or the Issuer and may be 
substituted as provided for in Condition 9(j) of the Conditions of the Notes. 
The Issuer has appointed The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as Registrar to keep 
the Register. The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch is an independent credit institution 
and is not affiliated to VWL or the Issuer and may be substituted as provided for in Condition 9(j) of the 
Conditions of the Notes. 
Security, Expectancy Rights Trustee and Enforcement 
For the benefit of the Programme Creditors the Issuer has appointed the Expectancy Rights Trustee pursuant 
to the Trust Agreement. 
The Issuer has assigned, transferred or procured the transfer, as applicable, to the Expectancy Rights Trustee 
for security purposes all present and future Purchased Expectancy Rights, Purchased Final Payment 
Receivables and corresponding Expectancy Rights Related Collateral which the Seller transfers to the Issuer 
and all rights arising from the Purchased Expectancy Rights, Purchased Final Payment Receivables and 
corresponding Expectancy Rights Related Collateral its claims and other rights arising from the Programme

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
 
 
Documents 
(including 
the 
rights 
to 
unilaterally 
alter 
the 
legal 
relationship 
(unselbständige 
Gestaltungsrechte)), all its claims and other rights from all present and future contracts the Issuer has entered 
or may enter into in connection with the Notes, the Subordinated Loan, the Swap Agreements or the 
Purchased Expectancy Rights, the Purchased Final Payment Receivables and corresponding Expectancy 
Rights Related Collateral and all transferable claims (i) in respect of the Accounts of the Issuer opened 
pursuant to the Account Agreements and (ii) in respect of all bank accounts which will be opened under the 
Trust Agreement in the name of the Issuer in the future. 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee will automatically acquire full legal title (Volleigentum) to the related Leased 
Vehicle subject to suspensory condition (aufschiebende Bedingung): 
 
that all secured obligations (current and future claims against VWL arising from the  Receivables 
Purchase Agreement and the Servicing Agreement relating to the Relevant Receivables Purchase 
Agreement, including all future damage claims pursuant to section 280(1) in connection with section 
280(3) of the German Civil Code (Schadensersatz statt der Leistung) and including all claims arising 
out of a withdrawal from the Relevant Receivables Purchase Agreement) have been settled; or 
 
the occurrence of a Lease Contract Termination Event. 
Under the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement and the Additional Expectancy Rights Purchase 
Agreements VWL will assign and transfer, as applicable, Expectancy Rights, the Final Payment Receivables 
and corresponding Expectancy Rights Related Collateral in relation to the Leased Vehicles relating to 
Purchased Lease Receivables to the Issuer. 
The Issuer will also assign its rights, title and interest in the Swap Agreement by way of security in favour of 
the Expectancy Rights Trustee, pursuant to the Security Assignment Deed. 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee has been appointed under the Trust Agreement to exclusively hold the 
Purchased Expectancy Rights, the Purchased Final Payment Receivables and corresponding Expectancy 
Rights Related Collateral. The Expectancy Rights Trustee may, subject to the terms of the Trust Agreement 
realise and have realised, administer and do such other acts as are necessary in connection with the holding, 
administration and realisation of the Purchased Expectancy Rights, the Purchased Final Payment 
Receivables and corresponding Expectancy Rights Related Collateral assigned to the Expectancy Rights 
Trustee in accordance with clause 5 (Assignment for security purposes, transfer of title for security purposes) 
of the Trust Agreement for security purposes. 
The Trust Agreement establishes the right and duty of the Expectancy Rights Trustee – to the extent 
necessary – to hold, administer or realise the Security for the benefit of the Programme Creditors (where such 
realisation occurs with the consent of the Expectancy Rights Trustee for the Purchased Expectancy Rights) 
and to perform only those other duties which are necessarily incidental thereto. The Programme Creditors 
are entitled, subject to the provisions of clauses 17 (Foreclosure on the Security, Foreclosure Event) and 18 
(Payments upon occurrence of the Foreclosure Event) of the Trust Agreement, to demand from the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee the fulfilment of its duties as specified under the Conditions of the Notes. The 
Expectancy Rights Trustee is not obliged to monitor the fulfilment of the duties of the Issuer under the Notes, 
the Conditions of the Notes, the Subordinated Loan or any other Programme Documents to which the Issuer 
is a party. All rights of the Noteholders shall remain at all times and under all circumstances vested in the 
Noteholders. 
Under the Security Assignment Deed, the Issuer's rights in the Swap Agreements assigned by way of security 
in favour of the Expectancy Rights Trustee will be held on trust by the Expectancy Rights Trustee for itself 
and as trustee for the other Programme Creditors. The security created under the Security Assignment Deed 
can be enforced by the Expectancy Rights Trustee (and the proceeds of such enforcement distributed) in 
accordance with the provisions of the Trust Agreement. 
The Security can be realised pursuant to clause 17 (Foreclosure on the Security, Foreclosure Event) of the 
Trust Agreement if (i) an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Issuer; (ii) the Issuer does not pay 
interest on the most senior Class of Notes then outstanding on any relevant Payment Date and such failure 
to pay continues for a period of five (5) Business Days; or (iii) the Issuer defaults in the payment of principal 
of any Note on the respective Legal Maturity Date. Amounts generally will not be due and payable on any

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
 
 
Payment Date except to the extent there are sufficient funds in the respective Available Distribution Amount 
to pay such amounts in accordance with the Order of Priority. 
VWL shall undertake all steps necessary to protect the Expectancy Rights Trustee’s security interest in the 
Expectancy Rights Related Collateral and the Purchased Final Payment Receivables, and to hold the 
corresponding Leased Vehicles free from attachments or secured rights of third parties. 
Servicer 
Subject to revocation by the Issuer after a Servicer Replacement Event, VWL is commissioned pursuant to 
the Servicing Agreement as Servicer to administer and collect the Purchased Final Payment Receivables and 
corresponding Expectancy Rights Related Collateral (including the exercise of enforcement measures) and 
to realise the Leased Vehicles in accordance with the Servicer’s customary practices in effect from time to 
time using the same degree of skill and attention that the Servicer exercises with respect to comparable 
vehicle lease contracts that the Servicer services, collects or realises for itself or others. 
The Servicer has also been empowered to administer the Cash Collateral Account and the Security for and 
on behalf of the Issuer. The Servicer has undertaken to transfer to the Distribution Account maintained by the 
Issuer with the Account Bank amounts received from realisation of the Leased Vehicles and allocated to the 
Issuer, or drawn from the Cash Collateral Account  
Subject to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, if 
(a) 
for the first time the Monthly Remittance Condition is not satisfied, VWL shall for the first time advance 
the Monthly Collateral in respect of the then prevailing monthly period on the Monthly Collateral Start 
Date plus, if the advance payment has to be made prior to the Payment Date falling in such monthly 
period, the Monthly Collateral in respect of the preceding Monthly Period to the Distribution Account; 
and 
(b) 
for any subsequent monthly period in which the Monthly Remittance Condition continues to not be 
satisfied, VWL shall advance the Monthly Collateral to the Distribution Account on any Monthly 
Collateral Payment Date to be retained until the Payment Date relating to such monthly period. 
If the Expectancy Rights Trustee does not transfer title to a relevant Leased Vehicle to VWL in accordance 
with clause 4 (Transfer of title to Leased Vehicles) of the Repurchase Agreement but otherwise realises the 
relevant Leased Vehicle for which the Monthly Collateral has been paid by VWL, the Issuer will on the then 
following Payment Date release such amounts received for such Monthly Period to VWL outside the Order of 
Priority, unless at such time VWL is in default with delivering the collections for such Payment Date.  
Irrespective of its obligation to advance the Monthly Collateral VWL will still remain being obliged to transfer 
collections of the Purchased Final Payment Receivables and corresponding Expectancy Rights Related 
Collateral to the Distribution Account in accordance with the provisions of the Servicing Agreement. However, 
at any time when either (a) the Monthly Remittance Condition is satisfied or (b) the Monthly Remittance 
Condition is not satisfied but VWL as Servicer has complied with its obligation to remit the Monthly Collateral 
to the Distribution Account, VWL is entitled to hold, use and invest at its own risk the amounts collected under 
the Purchased Final Payment Receivables and corresponding Expectancy Rights Related Collateral and 
other amounts collected by it during each Monthly Period without segregating such funds from its other funds, 
and VWL will be required to make a single transfer of such collections of the Purchased Final Payment 
Receivables and corresponding Expectancy Rights Related Collateral and other amounts collected by it to 
the Distribution Account on the following Payment Date. Otherwise, collections of the Purchased Final 
Payment Receivables and corresponding Expectancy Rights Related Collateral and other amounts collected 
by it will be required to be remitted by it to the Distribution Account on the first Business Day after receipt of 
such amounts. 
Following a breach of the Monthly Remittance Condition, the Monthly Servicer Report will show for each 
Monthly Period whether the Monthly Collateral which has been transferred by VWL for the relevant Monthly 
Period exceeds the collections of the Purchased Final Payment Receivables and corresponding Expectancy 
Rights Related Collateral and other amounts collected by it for such Monthly Period or whether the collections 
of the Purchased Final Payment Receivables and corresponding Expectancy Rights Related Collateral and

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
 
 
other amounts collected by it  for the relevant Monthly Period exceed the Monthly Collateral for such Monthly 
Period. 
On any Payment Date VWL's obligation to pay such collections of the Purchased Final Payment Receivables 
and corresponding Expectancy Rights Related Collateral and other amounts received by VWL for the relevant 
Monthly Period into the Distribution Account will be netted with its claim for repayment of the Monthly 
Collateral for such Monthly Period and such Monthly Collateral (after netting) will form part of the Available 
Distribution Amount on such Payment Date. If for such Monthly Period the Monthly Servicer Report shows 
(a) that the Monthly Collateral which has been transferred by VWL for the relevant Monthly Period on the 
respective Monthly Collateral Payment Date exceeds the collections of the Purchased Final Payment 
Receivables and corresponding Expectancy Rights Related Collateral and other amounts received by VWL 
for such Monthly Period, such excess shall be released to VWL outside the Order of Priority on the relevant 
Payment Date or (b) that the collections of the Purchased Final Payment Receivables and corresponding 
Expectancy Rights Related Collateral and other amounts received by VWL for such Monthly Period exceed 
the Monthly Collateral which has been transferred by VWL for the relevant Monthly Period on the respective 
Monthly Collateral Payment Date, an amount equal to such excess shall be paid into the Distribution Account 
by VWL on the relevant Payment Date. 
When the Monthly Remittance Condition is satisfied again, any Monthly Collateral standing to the credit of 
the Distribution Account shall be released to the Servicer outside the Order of Priority on the next Payment 
Date following such satisfaction. 
Information as to the present leasing business procedures of VWL are described in "BUSINESS 
PROCEDURES OF VOLKSWAGEN LEASING GMBH" and "ADMINISTRATION OF THE PURCHASED 
EXPECTANCY RIGHTS AND FINAL PAYMENT RECEIVABLES UNDER THE SERVICING AGREEMENT", 
however, VWL will be permitted to change those business procedures from time to time in its discretion. 
The Servicer is permitted to delegate any or all of its duties to other entities, including its affiliates and 
subsidiaries, although the Servicer will remain liable for the performance of any duties that it delegates to 
another entity.  
The Servicer will be entitled to receive the Servicer Fee on each Payment Date for the preceding Monthly 
Period. The Servicer shall charge the Servicer Fee to the Issuer on the basis of the Aggregate Discounted 
Expectancy Rights Balance for such Payment Date. The Servicer Fee for any Payment Date will be an amount 
equal to the product of (1) one-twelfth, (2) 1.0 per cent. per annum and (3) the Aggregate Discounted 
Expectancy Rights Balance as of the beginning of the preceding Monthly Period (or as of the Closing Date, 
in the case of the first Monthly Period). As additional compensation, the Servicer will be entitled to retain all 
late fees, fees for cheques with insufficient funds or other administrative fees. The Servicer will pay all 
expenses incurred by it in connection with its collection activities and will not be entitled to reimbursement of 
those expenses except for auction, painting, repair or refurbishment expenses and similar expenses with 
respect to the Leased Vehicles, i.e. such costs will be deducted from the enforcement or sale proceeds. 
Dismissal and Replacement of the Servicer 
After a Servicer Replacement Event, the Issuer is entitled to dismiss the Servicer. 
Repurchase Agreement 
Subject to the conditions of the Repurchase Agreement, VWL is obliged to repurchase each Leased Vehicle 
from the Issuer as soon as the underlying Lease Contract expires or is terminated. Such obligation also 
comprises Leased Vehicles relating to Lease Contracts where a Lease Contract Termination Event has 
occurred. The purchase price payable by VWL for each Leased Vehicle shall be equal to the sum of (a) the 
Initial Residual Value or the Additional Residual Value, as applicable, each discounted at the Expectancy 
Rights Discount Rate less (b) an amount equal to the amount of the related Final Payment Receivable. In 
addition to the payment of the repurchase price, VWL shall pass on the proceeds from the collection of the 
related Final Payment Receivable to the Issuer. If and to the extent, VWL decides, in its own discretion, not 
to pass on a Final Payment Receivable to the Issuer, the repurchase price for such Leased Vehicle shall be 
calculated in accordance with limb (a) above only, without any reduction. Upon payment of the repurchase 
price the Issuer, acting with authorisation of the Expectancy Rights Trustee, will transfer legal title to the

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
 
 
relevant Leased Vehicles to VWL. In case VWL fails to meet its obligations under the Repurchase Agreement, 
the Issuer may sell the Leased Vehicles into the open market. 
Replacement of Issuer 
Subject to certain preconditions the Issuer is entitled to appoint another company (the "New Issuer") in place 
of itself as debtor for all obligations arising from and in connection with the Notes. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders will be validly given if transmitted individually to the address set out in the Register 
for such Noteholder. 
As long as a Global Note is registered in the name of the Registered Holder notices to each respective 
Noteholder may be validly given if transmitted to Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg for further 
communication to the persons shown as holders of the Notes in their records. Any notice so given shall be 
deemed to have been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was 
given to Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg. 
In addition, as long as the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules 
of such exchange so require, all notices to the Noteholders regarding the Notes shall be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Any notice referred to above shall be deemed 
to have been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Should an official listing be absent, 
then such notices shall be published in the German Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger). 
Applicable Law, Place of Performance and Place of Jurisdiction 
The form and content of the Notes and all of the rights and obligations of the Noteholders, the Issuer, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and the Servicer under the Notes shall be subject in all respects to the 
laws of Germany. 
Place of performance and venue is Frankfurt am Main. 
For any litigation in connection with the Conditions of the Notes, which will be initiated against the Issuer in a 
court of Germany, the Issuer has appointed Intertrust (Deutschland) GmbH, Eschersheimer Landstraße 14, 
60322 Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany, to accept service of process.

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
 
 
ACCOUNT BANK, CASH ADMINISTRATOR, CALCULATION AGENT AND REGISTRAR 
This description of Account Bank, the Cash Administrator, the Calculation Agent and the Registrar does not 
purport to be a summary of, and is therefore subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the detailed 
provisions of the Account Agreement and the other Programme Documents. 
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 
The Bank of New York Mellon, a wholly owned subsidiary of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation, is 
incorporated, with limited liability by Charter, under the Laws of the State of New York by special act of the 
New York State Legislature, Chapter 616 of the Laws of 1871, with its Head Office situate at 240 Greenwich 
Street, New York, NY 10286, USA and having a branch registered in England & Wales with FC No 005522 
and BR No 000818 with its principal office in the United Kingdom situated at 160 Queen Victoria Street, 
London, EC4V 4LA.  
The Bank of New York Mellon’s corporate trust business services USD 12 trillion in outstanding debt from 55 
locations around the world. It services all major debt categories, including corporate and municipal debt, 
mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, collateralized debt obligations, derivative securities and 
international debt offerings. The Bank of New York Mellon’s corporate trust and agency services are delivered 
through The Bank of New York Mellon and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. 
The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation is a global financial services company focused on helping clients 
manage and service their financial assets, operating in 35 countries and serving more than 100 markets. The 
company is a leading provider of financial services for institutions, corporations and high-net-worth individuals, 
providing superior asset management and wealth management, asset servicing, issuer services, clearing 
services and treasury services through a worldwide client-focused team. It has more than USD 26 trillion in 
assets under custody and administration and more than USD 1.4 trillion in assets under management. 
Additional information is available at bnymellon.com. 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV is a Belgian limited liability company established September 30, 2008 
under the form of a Société Anonyme/Naamloze Vennootschap. It was granted its banking license by the 
CBFA (former Belgian supervisor prior to the implementation of the Twin Peaks model) on March 10 2009. It 
has its headquarters and main establishment at Multi Tower, Boulevard Anspachlaan 1, B-1000 
Bruxelles/Brussel. The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV is a subsidiary of BNY Mellon (BNYM), the main 
banking subsidiary of The BNY Mellon Corporation. It is under the prudential supervision of the National Bank 
of Belgium and regulated by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority in respect of Conduct of 
Business. The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV engages in asset servicing, global collateral management, 
global markets, corporate trust and depositary receipts. The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV operates from 
locations in Belgium, the Netherlands, Germany, London, Luxembourg, Milan, Paris and Dublin. 
To the best knowledge and belief of the Issuer, the above information about the Account Bank, the Cash 
Administrator, Calculation Agent and the Registrar has been accurately reproduced. The Issuer is able to 
ascertain from such information published by the Account Bank, the Cash Administrator, the Calculation 
Agent and the Registrar that no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
 
 
SWAP AGREEMENT AND SWAP COUNTERPARTIES 
This description of the Swap Counterparty does not purport to be an abstract of, and is therefore subject to, 
and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the detailed provisions of the Swap Agreements and the other 
Programme Documents. 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank will serve as the swap counterparty. Crédit Agricole Corporate 
and Investment Bank is a public limited company under French laws (with a Board of Directors), whose 
registered office is at 12, place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052, 92547 Montrouge Cedex - France. Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank is registered at the Trade and Commercial Register of Nanterre (France) 
under the number 304 187 701. Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank is subject to Articles L.225-
1 et seq. of Book 2 of the French Commercial Code. As a credit institution, Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank is subject to Articles L.511-1 et seq. and L.531-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code.  
As of 30 June 2022, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank's shareholders' capital amounted to 
€7,851,636,342 divided into 290,801,346 shares with a par value of €27 each. Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank's share capital is held at 100% by Crédit Agricole Group and where Crédit Agricole S.A. 
holds 97.77% of the share capital of Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank.  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank is the corporate and investment banking arm of Crédit 
Agricole Group.  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank offers banking services to its customers on a global basis. Its 
main activities are Financing, Capital markets and investment banking and Wealth management.  
Financing business covers:  
• 
Structured finance, i.e. originating, structuring and financing major export and investment operations 
in France and abroad, often backed with assets as collateral (aircraft, shipping, real estate and hotel 
business, commodities, etc.), along with complex and structured loans;  
• 
Commercial banking, i.e. trade and export finance, including domestic and international cash 
management, short-term and medium-term trade finance, syndicated loans, leasing, factoring, 
international trade, domestic and international guarantees, market guarantees and interest rates and 
foreign exchange risk management products, as well as Corporate and Leveraged Finance activities 
(formerly Debt Optimisation and Distribution) including leverage, telecom and Corporate debt 
origination activities. 
Capital markets and investment banking covers treasury and liquidity management, fixed income, foreign 
exchange, credit markets, equity solutions activities as well as activities dedicated to mergers and 
acquisitions.  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank also runs a wealth management business in Europe out of 
France, Belgium, Switzerland, Luxembourg, Monaco, Spain, Italy and in Asia (Singapore and Hong Kong). 
S&P has affirmed AA-/A-1+ ratings for long and short term unsecured debt on 19 October 2022 with a stable 
perspective; Moody’s has affirmed Aa2/P-1 ratings for long and short term unsecured debt on 15 December 
2021 with a stable perspective and Fitch has affirmed AA- ratings on 19 October 2022 revised to stable 
outlook.  
Any further information on Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank can be obtained on Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank's website at www.ca-cib.com. This website does not form part of this 
prospectus. 
The information in the preceding paragraphs has been provided by Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank for use in this Base Prospectus and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, is solely 
responsible for the accuracy of the preceding paragraphs. Except for the preceding paragraphs, Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank in its capacity as Swap Counterparty, and its Affiliates have not 
been involved in the preparation of, and do not accept responsibility for, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
 
 
The Swap Agreements  
Under each Swap Agreement relating to the Class A Notes the Issuer will undertake to pay to respective the 
Swap Counterparty on each Payment Date an amount equal to the amount of interest on the nominal amount 
of the Class A Notes outstanding on each Payment Date prior to the application of the relevant Order of 
Priority on such Payment Date, calculated on the basis of a fixed rate of interest 4.6100 per cent. per annum 
on the basis of 30/360. The respective Swap Counterparty will undertake to pay to the Issuer on each 
Payment Date an amount equal to the floating rate of interest on such outstanding nominal amount of the 
Class A Notes on each Payment Date prior to the application of the relevant Order of Priority on such Payment 
Date, calculated on the basis of EURIBOR plus 0.80 per cent. per annum on the basis of the actual number 
of days elapsed in an Interest Accrual Period divided by 360, and subject to a floor of zero. 
Under each Swap Agreement relating to Class B Notes the Issuer will undertake to pay to the respective 
Swap Counterparty on each Payment Date an amount equal to the amount of interest on the nominal amount 
of the Class B Notes outstanding on each Payment Date prior to the application of the relevant Order of 
Priority on such Payment Date, calculated on the basis of a fixed rate of interest of 5.3350 per cent. per 
annum on the basis of 30/360. The respective Swap Counterparty will undertake to pay to the Issuer on each 
Payment Date an amount equal to the floating rate of interest on such outstanding nominal amount of the 
Class B Notes on each Payment Date prior to the application of the relevant Order of Priority on such Payment 
Date, calculated on the basis of EURIBOR plus 1.50 per cent. per annum on the basis of the actual number 
of days elapsed in an Interest Accrual Period divided by 360, and subject to a floor of zero. 
Payments under each Swap Agreement will be exchanged on a net basis on each Payment Date. Payments 
made by the Issuer under the Swap Agreements (other than termination payments related to an event of 
default where the Swap Counterparty is a defaulting party, or termination event due to the failure by the Swap 
Counterparty to take required action after a downgrade of its credit rating) rank higher in priority than all 
payments on the Notes. If the amounts paid by the Issuer to a Swap Counterparty are insufficient to meet the 
Issuer's payment obligations under the Swap Agreements, such payments by the Issuer will be used for 
payments due under each Swap Agreement relating to the Class A Notes and, to the extent such payment 
obligations have been fully satisfied, will be used for payments due under each Swap Agreement relating to 
the Class B Notes. Payments by a Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the respective Swap Agreements 
will be made into the Distribution Account and will, to the extent necessary, be increased to ensure that such 
payments are free and clear of all taxes.  
Events of default under the Swap Agreements applicable to the Issuer are limited to, and (among other things) 
events of default applicable to the respective Swap Counterparty include, the following: 
(1) 
failure to make a payment under the Swap Agreements when due, if such failure is not remedied 
within three Business Days of notice of such failure being given; or 
(2) 
the occurrence of certain bankruptcy and insolvency events. 
Termination events under the Swap Agreements include, among other things, the following: 
(1) 
illegality of the transactions contemplated by the Swap Agreements; or 
(2) 
an Enforcement Event under the Trust Agreement occurs or any Clean-Up Call or prepayment in full, 
but not in part, of the Notes occurs; or 
(3) 
failure of the respective Swap Counterparty to maintain its credit rating at certain levels required by 
the Swap Agreement, which failure may not constitute a termination event if (in the time set forth in 
the applicable Swap Agreement) the respective Swap Counterparty: 
(i) 
posts an amount of collateral (in the form of cash and/or securities) as set forth in the Swap 
Agreement; or 
(ii) 
obtains a guarantee from an institution with an acceptable rating; or 
(iii) 
transfers its rights and obligations under the Swap Agreement to an Eligible Swap 
Counterparty.

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
 
 
Upon the occurrence of any event of default or termination event specified in a Swap Agreement, the non-
defaulting party, an affected party or the party which is not the affected party (as the case may be, depending 
on the termination event) may, after a period of time set forth in the Swap Agreement, elect to terminate such 
Swap Agreement. If a Swap Agreement is terminated due to an event of default or a termination event, a 
Swap Termination Payment may be due to the respective Swap Counterparty by the Issuer out of its available 
funds. The amount of any such Swap Termination Payment may be based on the actual cost or market 
quotations of the cost of entering into a similar swap transaction or such other methods as may be required 
under the Swap Agreement, in each case in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Swap Agreement. 
Any such Swap Termination Payment could, if market rates or other conditions have changed materially, be 
substantial. Under certain circumstances, Swap Termination Payments required to be made by the Issuer to 
a Swap Counterparty will rank higher in priority than all payments on the Notes. In such event, the Purchased 
Expectancy Rights and the General Cash Collateral Amount may be insufficient to make the required 
payments on the Notes and the Noteholders may experience delays and/or reductions in the interest and 
principal payments on the Notes. If a Swap Termination Payment is due to the respective Swap Counterparty, 
any Swap Replacement Proceeds shall to the extent of that Swap Termination Payment be paid directly to 
such Swap Counterparty causing the event of default or termination event without regard to the Order of 
Priority as specified in the relevant Swap Agreement.  
A Swap Counterparty may, at its own cost, transfer its obligations under the Swap Agreement to a third party 
which is the Eligible Swap Counterparty. There can be no assurance that the credit quality of the replacement 
Swap Counterparty will ultimately prove as strong as that of the original Swap Counterparty. Any Swap 
Termination Payments exceeding Swap Replacement Proceeds will be paid to such Swap Counterparty in 
accordance with the Order of Priority. 
Governing law 
The Swap Agreements, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Swap 
Agreements, are and will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
The Security Assignment Deed 
Pursuant to the Security Assignment Deed, the Issuer assigns to the Expectancy Rights Trustee as security 
for the payment and discharge of the Secured Obligations all of the Issuer's right, title and interest from time 
to time deriving or accruing from the Swap Agreements (other than in relation to credit support provided 
thereunder). All rights, benefits and interests granted to or conferred upon the Expectancy Rights Trustee and 
all other rights, powers and discretions granted to or conferred upon the Expectancy Rights Trustee under 
the Security Assignment Deed shall be held by the Expectancy Rights Trustee on trust for the benefit of itself 
and for the Programme Creditors from time to time subject to and in accordance with the Security Assignment 
Deed and the Trust Agreement. The Security Assignment Deed is governed by English law.

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following information is not intended as tax advice and does not purport to describe all of the tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a prospective investor of the Notes. It should be read in conjunction 
with the section entitled "RISK FACTORS". Potential investors of the Notes are urged to satisfy themselves 
as to the overall tax consequences of purchasing, holding and/or selling the Notes and, therefore, to consult 
their professional tax advisors. 
Taxation in Germany 
Interest - Resident Noteholders 
A Noteholder, who is tax resident in Germany (i.e., persons whose residence, habitual abode, statutory seat, 
or effective place of management is located in Germany) and receives interest on the Notes, is subject to 
personal or corporate income tax (plus solidarity tax (Solidaritätszuschlag) thereon currently at a rate of 5.5 
per cent. and church tax, in each case if applicable). The interest may also be subject to trade tax if the Notes 
form part of the property of a German trade or business.  
If the Noteholder keeps the Notes in a custodial account with a German branch of a German or non-German 
financial institution (Kreditinstitut) or financial services institution (Finanzdienstleistungsinstitut) or with a 
securities trading business (Wertpapierhandelsunternehmen) or with a securities trading bank 
(Wertpapierhandelsbank), each within the meaning of the KWG, (the "Institution"), the interest is principally 
subject to a flat rate withholding tax at a rate of 25 per cent. (plus solidarity surcharge thereon currently at a 
rate of 5.5 per cent. (resulting in an aggregate tax burden of 26.375 per cent.) and plus church tax, if 
applicable). The flat rate withholding tax is to be withheld by the Institution which credits or pays out the 
interest to the Noteholder. Church tax is levied by way of withholding unless the Holder has filed a blocking 
notice (Sperrvermerk) with the German Federal Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt für Steuern). With the flat rate 
withholding tax the income from capital investments of individual investors holding the Notes as a private 
asset is deemed discharged and the taxpayer is no longer required to include the income in his or her tax 
return. However, related expenses (Werbungskosten) are not deductible. The abolishment of the solidarity 
surcharge does not apply to income from capital investments subject to the previously described flat rate tax 
regime. For other tax resident investors holding the Notes as a business asset the withholding tax levied, if 
any, will be credited as prepayments against the German personal or corporate income tax (plus solidarity 
surcharge if applicable) of the tax resident investor. Amounts over withheld will entitle the Noteholder to a 
refund, based on an assessment to tax. Foreign withholding tax on interest income may be credited against 
German tax. The flat rate withholding tax would not apply, if the Noteholder is a German financial institution, 
financial services institution or an investment management company. 
For individual resident Noteholders an annual exemption for investment income of EUR 1,000 for individual 
tax payers or EUR 2,000 for married tax payers who are assessed jointly may apply, principally, if their Notes 
do not form part of the property of a trade or business nor give rise to income from the letting and leasing of 
property. Therefore, Noteholders may be exempt from the flat rate withholding tax on interest, if (i) their 
interest income qualifies as investment income and (ii) if they filed a withholding exemption certificate 
(Freistellungsauftrag) with the Institution having the respective Notes in custody. However, the exemption 
applies only to the extent the interest income derived from the Notes together with other investment income 
does not exceed the maximum exemption amount shown on the withholding exemption certificate. Similarly, 
no flat rate withholding tax will be levied if the Noteholder submits a certificate of non-assessment 
(Nichtveranlagungsbescheinigung) issued by the relevant local tax office to the German institution having the 
respective Notes in custody. Furthermore, if the flat tax rate exceeds the personal income tax rate of the 
individual resident Noteholder, the Noteholder may elect a personal assessment to apply his or her personal 
income tax rate. 
Capital Gains - Resident Noteholders 
A Noteholder who is tax resident in Germany and receives capital gains from the sale, transfer or redemption 
of the Notes is subject to personal or corporate income tax (plus solidarity tax (Solidaritätszuschlag) thereon 
currently at a rate of 5.5 per cent. and plus church tax, in each case if applicable). The capital gains may also 
be subject to trade tax if the Notes form part of the property of a German trade or business. Apart from the 
annual lump-sum deduction (Sparer-Pauschbetrag) for investment income as explained above at "Interest – 
Resident Noteholders" Noteholders holding the Notes as private assets will generally not be entitled to deduct

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
 
 
expenses incurred in connection with the investment in the Notes from their income. In addition, such 
Noteholders could not offset losses from the investment in the Notes against other type of income (e.g. 
employment income). Losses incurred on the disposition or redemption of the Notes may give rise to negative 
income are as such generally recognizable. However, the German legislator has introduced new rules 
regarding the tax recognition of specific losses when the Notes are held by Noteholders as private assets, 
i.e. losses resulting from the total or partial uncollectibility of notes, from the write-off of worthless notes, from 
the transfer of worthless notes to a third party or from any other shortfall can only be offset with gains from 
other capital income up to the amount of EUR 20,000 p.a.. Losses not offset can be carried forward to 
subsequent years and can be offset against gains from capital income in the amount of EUR 20,000 in each 
subsequent year. 
If the Noteholder keeps the Notes acquired in a custodial account at an Institution, the gain from the sale or 
redemption of the Notes is principally subject to a flat rate withholding tax at a rate of 25 per cent. (plus 
solidarity surcharge thereon currently at a rate of 5.5 per cent. and plus church tax, if applicable) levied by 
the Institution which credits or pays out the capital gain to the Noteholder. The abolishment of the solidarity 
surcharge does not apply to income from capital investments subject to the previously described flat rate tax 
regime. Church tax is generally levied by way of withholding unless the Holder has filed a blocking notice 
(Sperrvermerk) with the German Federal Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt für Steuern). The flat rate withholding 
tax also applies to interest accrued through the date of the sale of the Notes and shown separately on the 
respective settlement statement (Stückzinsen). In case of capital gains from the sale, transfer or redemption 
of Notes, withholding tax will be levied on an amount equal to the difference between the issue or purchase 
price of the Notes and the redemption amount or sales proceeds less any directly related expenses provided 
that the Noteholder has kept the Notes in a custodial account since the time of issuance or acquisition 
respectively or has proven the acquisition facts. Otherwise, withholding tax is generally applied to 30 per cent. 
of the amounts paid in partial or final redemption of the Notes or the proceeds from the sale of the Notes. It 
is not entirely clear if and how the restricted loss compensation outlined in the preceding section is recognized 
for the withholding tax. However, the German fiscal authorities indicate that the loss compensation will only 
be provided in the course of the individual tax assessment, i.e. withholding tax will be applied without the 
aforementioned loss compensation and the individual private Noteholder will have to submit a tax return to 
have such losses recognized. 
With the flat rate withholding tax the income from capital investments of individual investors holding the Notes 
as a private asset is deemed discharged and the taxpayer is no longer required to include the income in his 
tax return. If the Noteholder is a company then no withholding tax will be levied on capital gains from the sale, 
transfer or redemption of a Note provided that the Notes are held by an Institution under the name of the 
company. The same is true if the Notes are held as a business asset of a German business and the 
Noteholder declares this by way of an official form vis-á-vis the Institution. Other flat rate withholding tax 
exemptions are available as explained under "Interest" above. 
Non-Resident Noteholders 
In principle, interest income deriving from Notes held by non-resident Noteholders is not regarded as taxable 
income in Germany unless such income qualifies as German source income because the Notes are held as 
business assets in a German permanent establishment or by a German-resident permanent representative 
of the Noteholder.  
If the interest income deriving from the Notes qualifies as German source income and the Notes are held in 
custody with a German credit institution or a German financial services institution, the German flat rate 
withholding tax (including solidarity surcharge, if applicable) would principally apply. Flat rate withholding tax 
exemptions may be available as explained under "Interest" above. 
Gains derived from the sale or redemption of the Notes by a non-resident Noteholder are subject to German 
personal or corporate income tax (plus solidarity tax thereon currently at a rate of 5.5 per cent, if applicable) 
only if the Notes form part of the business property of a permanent establishment maintained in Germany by 
the Noteholder or are held by a permanent representative of the Noteholder (in which case such capital gains 
may also be subject to trade tax on income). Double tax treaties concluded by Germany generally permit 
Germany to tax the interest income in this situation. 
If the Notes are held in custody with a German credit institution or a German financial services institution 
(including a German permanent establishment of a foreign credit institution), as disbursing agent (inländische

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
 
 
auszahlende Stelle) for the individual Noteholder, the German Central Tax Office is obliged to provide 
information on interest received by non-resident individual Noteholders to the tax authorities at the state of 
residence of the respective Noteholder, provided that this Noteholder is resident of an EU-Member state or 
any other territory for which the provisions under the reporting systems are applicable. 
Furthermore, pursuant to the German Defense Against Tax Haven Act (Gesetz zur Abwehr von 
Steuervermeidung und unfairem Steuerwettbewerb – "GDATHA") income generated, inter alia, from financial 
relationships is subject to a German withholding tax if the creditor of such financial relationships is resident in 
a non-cooperative tax jurisdiction included on the EU list of non-cooperative tax jurisdictions published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union, as amended from time to time. However, notes represented by a 
global certificate and held in collective safe custody with a disbursing agent as well as debt instruments 
comparable to such notes, are expressly excluded from the aforementioned German withholding tax. Since 
there are currently neither official guidelines from the German Ministry of Finance and/or the German tax 
authorities 
nor 
court 
rulings 
on 
the 
interpretation 
of 
the 
term 
'financial 
relationships' 
(Finanzierungsbeziehungen) and the applicable exemptions available, it needs to be observed whether 
payments under notes or other financial instruments to holders resident in non-cooperative tax jurisdictions 
pursuant to the GDATHA are or might be subject to a German withholding tax deduction. 
Gift or Inheritance Tax 
The gratuitous transfer of a Note by a Noteholder as a gift or by reason of the death of the Noteholder is 
subject to German gift or inheritance tax if the Noteholder or the recipient is resident or deemed to be resident 
in Germany under German law at the time of the transfer. If neither the Noteholder nor the recipient is resident, 
or deemed to be resident, in Germany at the time of the transfer no German gift or inheritance tax is levied 
unless the Notes form part of the business property for which a permanent establishment or fixed base is 
maintained in Germany by the Noteholder. Exceptions from this rule apply to certain German expatriates. Tax 
treaties concluded by Germany generally permit Germany to tax the transfer of a Note in this situation. 
Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue, registration or similar taxes or duties will be payable in Germany in connection with the 
issuance, delivery or execution of the Notes. Currently, net assets tax is not levied in Germany. 
Taxation in Luxembourg 
The statements herein regarding certain tax considerations effective in Luxembourg are based on the laws in 
force in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg on the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes 
in law. 
The following information is of a general nature only, it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, 
legal or tax advice, and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the Luxembourg tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. Prospective 
investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to particular circumstances, 
the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject as a 
result of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes and as to their tax position. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, 
impost or other charge or withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial 
communal), net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to most 
corporate taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. Any reference to a resident corporate  
Shareholder includes non-resident corporate Shareholders carrying out business activities through a 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which assets would be 
attributable. Individual taxpayers are generally subject to personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. 
Under certain circumstances, where an individual taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a 
professional or business undertaking, municipal business tax may apply as well. Investors may further be 
subject to other duties, levies or taxes.

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
 
 
Withholding Tax 
Under tax law currently in effect and with the possible exception of interest paid to Luxembourg resident 
individual holders of Notes, there is no Luxembourg withholding tax on payments of interest (including accrued 
but unpaid interest) or upon payment of principal in case of redemption or repurchase of the Notes. 
Payments under the Notes will only be made after deduction or withholding of any mandatory withholding or 
deductions on account of tax. The Issuer will not be required to pay additional amounts in respect of any such 
withholding or other deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatever 
nature. See "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES — Condition 9 (Taxes)". 
(a) 
Non-resident Noteholders 
Under general tax law currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to non-resident Noteholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect 
of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption, repurchase or 
exchange of the Notes held by non-resident Noteholders. 
(b) 
Resident Noteholders 
Subject to the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended (the "Relibi Law"), there is under 
general tax laws currently in force no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest 
made to resident Noteholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is any 
Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption, repurchase or exchange of Notes held by 
Luxembourg resident Noteholders.   
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to or for the benefit of an individual beneficial owner who is resident of 
Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20%.  
The withholding tax applied in accordance with the Relibi Law will be in full discharge of income tax 
if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private 
wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
Payments of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the Relibi Law, as amended, would 
be subject to withholding tax of 20%. 
Income Taxation 
(a) 
Non-resident Noteholders 
Non-resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment, a permanent representative, or a 
fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which the Notes or income thereon are attributable, are not 
subject to income taxes on income accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, 
under the Notes nor on capital gains realised on the sale, exchange or disposal of the Notes. Non-
resident corporate or individual holders acting in the course of the management of a professional or 
business undertaking, who have a permanent establishment, a permanent representative, or a fixed 
place of business in Luxembourg to which or to whom such Notes are attributable, are subject to 
Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, 
under the Notes and on any gains realised upon the sale, exchange or disposal of the Notes. 
(b) 
Resident Noteholders 
Luxembourg resident Noteholders will not be liable for any Luxembourg income tax on repayment of 
principal under the Notes. 
(i) 
resident individual Noteholders 
Resident individual Noteholders, acting in the course of the management of their private 
wealth, are subject to Luxembourg income tax at progressive rates in respect of interest or 
similar income received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes, except 
if (i) withholding tax has been levied on such payments in accordance with the Relibi Law,

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
 
 
or (ii) the individual holder of the Notes has opted for the application of a 20% tax in full 
discharge of income tax in accordance with the Relibi Law, which applies if a payment of 
interest has been made or ascribed by a paying agent established in a EU Member State 
(other than Luxembourg) or in a Member State of the European Economic Area (other than 
a EU Member State). 
A gain realised by resident individual Noteholders, acting in the course of the management 
of their private wealth, upon the sale, exchange or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of 
Notes is not subject to Luxembourg income tax, provided this sale, exchange or disposal 
took place more than six (6) months after the Notes were acquired. However, any portion of 
such gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest income is subject to Luxembourg 
income tax, except if tax has been levied on such interest in accordance with the Relibi Law.  
Resident Noteholders, acting in the course of the management of a professional or business 
undertaking must include interest or similar income received, redemption premiums or issue 
discounts, under the Notes, as well as any gain realised upon the sale, exchange or disposal, 
in any form whatsoever, of Notes, in their taxable basis, which will be subject to Luxembourg 
income tax at progressive rates. If applicable, the tax levied in accordance with the Relibi 
Law will be credited against his/her final tax liability. 
(ii) 
resident corporate Noteholders 
Resident corporate Noteholders must include any interest or similar income received, 
redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes, as well as any gain realised upon 
the sale, exchange or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes, in their taxable income 
for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes.  
Noteholders that are subject to and compliant with the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate 
management companies, as amended, the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for 
collective investment, as amended, the law of 13 February 2007 on specialized investment 
funds, as amended, or the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds, as 
amended, where the latter are not exclusively investing in risk capital, are subject neither to 
income tax in respect of interest or similar income received, redemption premiums or issue 
discounts, under the Notes, nor any gain realised upon the sale, exchange or disposal, in 
any form whatsoever, of the Notes. 
Net wealth taxation 
Resident corporate Noteholders as well as non-resident corporate Noteholders which maintain a permanent 
establishment, fixed place of business or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which the Notes or 
income thereon are attributable, are subject to wealth tax on such Notes, except if the Noteholders are a 
family estate management company subject to and compliant with the law of 11 May 2007, as amended, or 
an undertaking for collective investment subject to and compliant with the law of 17 December 2010, as 
amended, or a securitization vehicle subject to and compliant with the law of 22 March 2004 on securitization, 
as amended, or a company subject to and compliant with the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, 
as amended, or a specialized investment fund subject to and compliant with the law of 13 February 2007 on 
specialized investment funds, as amended, or a pension-saving company or a pension-saving association 
subject to and compliant with the law of 13 July 2005, as amended, or a reserved alternative investment fund 
subject to and compliant with the law of 23 July 2016, as amended. 
Non-resident corporate Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment, a permanent representative, or 
a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which the Notes or income thereon are attributable, as well as 
individual Noteholders, whether he/she is resident of Luxembourg or not, are not subject to wealth tax. 
The net wealth tax charge for a given year can be avoided or reduced if a specific reserve, equal to five times 
the net wealth tax to save, is created before the end of the subsequent tax year and maintained during the 
five following tax years. The net wealth tax reduction corresponds to one fifth of the reserve created, except 
that the maximum net wealth tax to be saved is limited to the corporate income tax amount due for the same 
tax year, including the employment fund surcharge, but before imputation of available tax credits.

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
 
 
Corporate resident Noteholders will further be subject to (a) a minimum net wealth tax of EUR 4,815, if they 
hold assets such as fixed financial assets, receivables owed to affiliated companies, transferable securities, 
postal checking accounts, checks and cash, in a proportion that exceeds 90%. of their total balance sheet 
value and if the total balance sheet value exceeds EUR 350,000, or (b) a minimum net wealth tax between 
EUR 535 and EUR 32,100 based on the total amount of its assets. Items (e.g., real estate properties or assets 
allocated to a permanent establishment) located in a treaty country, where the latter has the exclusive taxation 
right, are not considered for the calculation of the 90%. threshold. Notwithstanding the above mentioned 
exceptions regarding net wealth tax, the minimum net wealth tax also applies if the resident corporate 
Noteholders is a securitization company subject to and compliant with the law of 22 March 2004 on 
securitization, as amended, or an investment company in risk capital subject to and compliant with the law of 
15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended, or a pension-saving company or a pension-saving 
association subject to and compliant with the law of 13 July 2005, as amended, or a reserved alternative 
investment fund investing exclusively in risk capital subject to and compliant with the law of 23 July 2016, as 
amended. 
Other taxes 
Stamp duties, value added taxes and similar taxes or duties 
Neither the issuance nor the transfer of Notes will give rise to any Luxembourg stamp duty, value-added tax, 
issuance tax, registration tax, transfer tax or similar taxes or duties, provided that the relevant issue or transfer 
agreement is not submitted to registration in Luxembourg which is not per se mandatory. 
However, a registration duty may be due upon the registration of the Notes in Luxembourg on a voluntary 
basis.  
Inheritance tax 
Where a Noteholder is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of his/her death, the Notes are 
included in his/her taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment purposes.  
Gift tax 
Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Notes if embodied in a Luxembourg deed passed in front of a 
notary or recorded in Luxembourg. 
Residence 
A holder of the Notes will not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only of 
the holding of such Notes or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement in respect thereof. 
The Common Reporting Standard 
The common reporting standard framework was first released by the OECD in February 2014 as a result of 
the G20 members endorsing a global model of automatic exchange of information in order to increase 
international tax transparency. On 21 July 2014, the Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account 
Information in Tax Matters was published by the OECD and this includes the Common Reporting Standard 
("CRS"). The goal of the CRS is to provide for the annual automatic exchange between governments of 
financial account information reported to them by local reporting financial institutions (as defined) ("FIs") 
relating to account holders who are tax resident in other participating jurisdictions.  
Directive 2014/107/EU on Administrative Cooperation in the Field of Taxation ("DAC II") implements CRS in 
a European context and creates a mandatory obligation for all EU Member States to exchange financial 
account information in respect of residents in other EU Member States on an annual basis commencing in 
2017 in respect of the 2016 calendar year.  
For the purposes of complying with its obligations under CRS and DAC II, if any, the Issuer shall be entitled 
to require Noteholders to provide any information regarding their and, in certain circumstances, their 
controlling persons' tax status, identity or residence in order to satisfy any reporting requirements which the 
Issuer may have as a result of CRS and DAC II and Noteholders will be deemed, by their holding, to have 
authorised the automatic disclosure of such information by the Issuer (or any nominated service provider) or

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
 
 
any other person to the relevant tax authorities who will exchange the information with the tax authorities of 
other participating jurisdictions, as applicable. Failure by the Issuer to comply with its CRS and DAC II 
obligations, if any, may result in the Issuer being deemed to be non-compliant in respect of its CRS obligations 
and monetary penalties may be imposed as a result under applicable law. 
The attention of prospective Noteholders is drawn to Condition 10 of the Notes (Taxes). 
THE FOREGOING INFORMATION IS NOT EXHAUSTIVE; IT DOES NOT, IN PARTICULAR, DEAL WITH 
ALL TYPES OF TAXES NOR WITH THE POSITION OF INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS. PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS SHOULD, THEREFORE, CONSULT THEIR PROFESSIONAL ADVISORS.

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
 
 
VERIFICATION BY SVI 
STS Verification International GmbH ("SVI") has been authorised by the German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht) as third party pursuant to Article 28 
of the Securitisation Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/2402) (the "Securitisation Regulation"). 
The verification label "verified – STS VERIFICATION INTERNATIONAL" has been officially registered as a 
trade mark and is licensed to an issuer of securities if the securities meet the requirements for simple, 
transparent and standardised securitisation as set out in Articles 19 to 26e of the Securitisation Regulation. 
The verification label is issued on the basis of SVI’s verification process, which is explained in detail on the 
SVI website (www.sts-verification-international.com). The verification process is based on the SVI verification 
manual. It describes the verification process and the individual inspections in detail. The verification manual 
is authoritative for all parties involved in the verification process and its application ensures an objective and 
uniform verification of transactions to be verified. 
 
The originator included in its notification pursuant to Article 27(1) of the Securitisation Regulation a statement 
that compliance of its securitisation with the STS criteria has been verified by SVI.

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO 
The Purchased Expectancy Rights under the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement 
The Purchased Expectancy Rights represent German law governed expectancy rights (Anwartschaftsrechte) 
to Leased Vehicles relating to Lease Contracts under which Lease Receivables have been originated which 
were subsequently sold and assigned to the Relevant Lease Receivables Purchaser. Together with the Lease 
Receivables, VWL has transferred legal title to the Leased Vehicles as collateral to the Relevant Lease 
Receivables Purchaser. The Relevant Lease Receivables Purchaser has transferred such title to the Leased 
Vehicles to the Relevant Security Trustee. Such transfer is subject to the resolutory conditions agreed 
between these parties. The legal title to the Leased Vehicles being automatically retransferred to VWL upon 
fulfilment of such resolutory condition creates the Expectancy Rights in favour of the Seller. 
The related Lease Contracts mainly refer to Volkswagen, Audi, SEAT, Skoda and Volkswagen Nutzfahrzeuge 
vehicles. On the Initial Expectancy Rights Purchase Date, VWL has sold and transferred the Initial Expectancy 
Rights and the Initial Final Payment Receivables with related security to the Issuer under the Expectancy 
Rights Purchase Agreement and, during the Revolving Period, VWL has the right to sell and transfer to the 
Issuer, at its option, on each Additional Purchase Date, Additional Expectancy Rights together with Additional 
Final Payment Receivables and related security. 
The Purchased Expectancy Rights include Expectancy Rights originated under open end Lease Contracts 
(Verträge mit Gebrauchtwagenabrechnung - "Open End Lease Contracts") and closed end Lease Contracts 
(Verträge ohne Gebrauchtwagenabrechnung – "Closed End Lease Contract"). Open End Lease Contracts 
have no fixed residual values guaranteed by the dealers but the buy-back of the car is based on the state of 
the vehicle and the general state of the market on the date of the return of the Leased Vehicle to VWL. 
Therefore, upon the re-marketing of the car, the Lessee bears the risk of a loss and partly participates in a 
profit. Closed End Lease Contracts are based on fixed residual values based on the contractual mileage and 
term of the contract, both being guaranteed by the vehicle dealer in respect of a return of the car in compliance 
with the term of the contract at the end of the contract term arranging the conclusion of the respective Closed 
End Lease Contract and VWL. In case of under mileage or if the mileage is exceeded on the return of the 
car, the residual value will be adjusted by a mileage rate (Mehr-/ Minderkilometersatz) which has been agreed 
at the conclusion of the contract. Under these Closed End Lease Contracts, the respective vehicle-dealer will 
buy the Leased Vehicle from VWL at an adjusted previously agreed upon repurchase price. The Lessee will 
get charged or will be refunded with the adjustment. 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee will automatically acquire full legal title (Volleigentum) to the related Leased 
Vehicle subject to suspensory condition (aufschiebende Bedingung): 
 
that all secured obligations (current and future claims against VWL arising from the Relevant 
Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Servicing Agreement relating to the Relevant Receivables 
Purchase Agreement, including all future damage claims pursuant to section 280(1) in connection 
with section 280(3) of the German Civil Code (Schadensersatz statt der Leistung) and including all 
claims arising out of a withdrawal from the Relevant Receivables Purchase Agreement) have been 
settled; or 
 
the occurrence of a Lease Contract Termination Event. 
The occurrence of an insolvency of VWL following the acquisition of an Expectancy Right on but prior to the 
occurrence of the suspensory condition (aufschiebende Bedingung) will not hinder the acquisition of such full 
legal title to the respective Leased Vehicle by the Issuer. 
Warranties and Guarantees in relation to the Sale of the Purchased Expectancy Rights and Final 
Payment Receivables 
Under the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement and any Additional Expectancy Rights Purchase 
Agreement, VWL warrants and guarantees with respect to the Purchased Expectancy Rights and the related 
Lease Receivables, in the form of a separate guarantee undertaking pursuant to section 311(1) of the German 
Civil Code, in respect of each Additional Cut-Off Date that:

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
the related Purchased Lease Receivables constitute legal, valid and enforceable rights and claims 
against the respective Lessees; 
(b) 
the related Purchased Lease Receivables are assignable; 
(c) 
the related Purchased Lease Receivables are denominated and payable in EUR; 
(d) 
the related Leased Vehicles are existing; 
(e) 
it may dispose of the Purchased Expectancy Rights free from rights of third parties and 
encumbrances; 
(f) 
the related Purchased Lease Receivables are free of defences, whether pre-emptory or otherwise 
(Einwendungen oder Einreden) for the agreed term of the Lease Contract as well as free from rights 
of third parties and that the lessees in particular have no set-off claim; 
(g) 
the Purchased Expectancy Rights have been legally validly created as a legal consequence of the 
transfer of title to the Leased Vehicles for security purposes and the conditional retransfer of title, 
and exclusively relate to Leased Vehicles in respect of which Lease Receivables were sold to the 
Relevant Lease Receivables Purchaser, and VWL may dispose of such Purchased Expectancy 
Rights free from rights of third parties and encumbrances; 
(h) 
no related Purchased Lease Receivable was overdue at the last day of the month preceding the 
Closing Date or the Additional Purchase Date, as applicable; 
(i) 
the status and enforceability of the related Purchased Lease Receivables is not impaired by set-off 
rights or due to warranty claims or any other rights (including claims which may be set off) of the 
Lessee (even if the Purchaser knew or could have known of the existence of such defences or rights 
on the respective Cut-Off Date); 
(j) 
none of the Lessees is an Affiliate of Volkswagen AG, Familie Porsche, Stuttgart and Familie Piëch, 
Salzburg Gruppe (registered under a single borrower unit at the German central bank (Bundesbank); 
(k) 
according to VWL’s records, no Lease Contract relating to a Purchased Receivable has been 
terminated or is in the process of being terminated; 
(l) 
the related Lease Contracts relating to the Purchased Receivables are governed by the laws of 
Germany; 
(m) 
the related Lease Contracts relating to the Purchased Receivables have been entered into 
exclusively with Lessees which, if they are corporate entities, have their registered office in Germany 
or, if they are individuals have their place of residence in Germany; 
(n) 
on the Initial Cut-Off Date or on the respective Additional Cut-Off Date, as applicable, at least two 
lease instalments have been paid in respect of each related Lease Contract and that the related 
Lease Contracts require substantially equal monthly payments to be made within 12-60 months of 
the date of origination of the respective Lease Contract; 
(o) 
it may freely dispose of title and Expectancy Rights to the Leased Vehicles and that no third-party’s 
rights prevent such dispositions; 
(p) 
according to VWL’s records, no insolvency proceedings have been initiated against any of the 
Lessees during the term of the related Lease Contracts up to the last day of the month preceding the 
Closing Date or the Additional Purchase Date, as applicable; 
(q) 
the related Lease Receivables do not represent a separately conducted business or business 
segment of VWL;  
(r) 
none of the related Lease Contracts will mature later than one year prior to the latest occurring Legal 
Maturity Date under any of the Notes;

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
 
 
(s) 
the purchase of Additional Expectancy Rights will not have the result that the Aggregate Discounted 
Expectancy Rights Balance of all Expectancy Rights exceeds the following concentration limits with 
respect to the percentage of the Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance (i) used vehicles 
(concentration limit: 8 per cent.), (ii) for Volkswagen Nutzfahrzeuge vehicles (concentration limit: 22 
per cent.)  and (iii) for non-VW group (Volkswagen, Audi, SEAT, Skoda or Volkswagen 
Nutzfahrzeuge) vehicles (concentration limit: 5 per cent.); 
(t) 
that the related Lease Receivables have not been subject to forbearance amendments which had 
been agreed between VWL and the respective Lessee on basis of either (i) the German law on 
reduction of the consequences of the Corona Pandemic in the civil-, insolvency- and criminal 
procedure law (Gesetz zur Abmilderung der Folgen der  COVID-19-Pandemie im Zivil-, Insolvenz- 
und Strafverfahrensrecht) or (ii) a voluntary forbearance amendment VWL offered to the respective 
Lessee to limit the impact of the Corona Pandemic on the economic situation of such Lessee; and 
(u) 
none of the Lessees has exercised its right of revocation, if any. 
In addition to the aforementioned, VWL warrants and guarantees with respect to the Lease Receivables 
related to the Purchased Expectancy Rights, in the form of a separate guarantee undertaking pursuant to 
section 311(1) of the German Civil Code, on the Initial Cut-Off Date and in respect of each Additional Cut-Off 
Date, as applicable, that: 
(a) 
the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance resulting from Lease Contracts with one and the 
same Lessee will not exceed 0.5% of the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance; 
(b) 
the acquisition of the Leased Vehicles by VWL is financed in compliance with the requirements of 
section 108 (1), 2nd sentence of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) and in particular 
that (i) in case of a Lease Contract which relates also to maintenance or other service obligations of 
VWL that such service and maintenance obligations do not constitute the core focus (Schwerpunkt) 
of VWL’s contractual obligations and that the service and maintenance obligations identified in the 
specific Lease Contract do not relate to any Leased Vehicles that are not the subject of that specific 
Lease Contract, and (ii) that the remuneration paid by the Lessee for such maintenance or service 
obligations will not exceed the amount of the Lease Receivables originated under such Lease 
Contract; 
(c) 
the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance in EUR resulting from Lease Contracts with a 
remaining term greater than 36 months is not larger than 30 per cent. of the Aggregate Discounted 
Receivables Balance; and 
(d) 
the Purchased Lease Receivables will not include Lease Receivables: 
 
(i) 
relating to a Lessee who VWL considers as unlikely to pay its credit obligations to VWL 
and/or to a Lessee who is past due more than 90 days on any material credit obligation to 
VWL;  
(ii) 
relating to a credit-impaired lessee or guarantor, who on the basis of information obtained 
(i) from the Lessees of the Purchased Lease Receivables, (ii) in the course of VWL's 
servicing of the Purchased Lease Receivables, or VWL's risk management procedures or 
(iii) from a third party: 
(1) 
has been declared insolvent or had a court grant his creditors a final non-
appealable right of enforcement or material damages as a result of a 
missed payment within three years prior to the date of origination or has 
undergone a debt-restructuring process with regard to his non-performing 
exposures within three years prior to the date of transfer of the respective 
Receivable to the Issuer; 
(2) 
was, at the time of origination, where applicable, on a public credit registry 
of persons with adverse credit history or, where there is no such public 
credit registry, another credit registry that is available to VWL; or

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
 
 
(3) 
has a credit assessment or a credit score indicating that the risk of 
contractually agreed payments not being made is significantly higher than 
for comparable receivables held by VWL which are not securitised. 
In the event of a breach of any of the warranties set forth above at the Closing Date, the Initial Expectancy 
Rights Purchase Date and/or an Additional Purchase Date, respectively, which materially and adversely 
affects the interests of the Issuer or the Noteholders, VWL shall have until the end of the related monthly 
period which includes the 60th day (or, if VWL elects, an earlier date) after the date that VWL became aware 
or was notified of such breach or failure to cure or correct such breach or failure. Any such breach or failure 
will not be deemed to have a material and adverse effect if such breach or failure does not affect the ability 
of the Issuer to receive and retain timely payment in full on the related Lease Contract or, respectively, full 
legal title to the Leased Vehicles being the subject of the related Expectancy Rights. If VWL does not cure or 
correct such breach or failure prior to such time, then VWL shall either:  
(a) 
replace any Purchased Final Payment Receivables and the related Purchased Expectancy Rights 
affected by such breach which materially and adversely affects the interests of the Purchaser or the 
Noteholders, by taking into account the warranties and guarantees set out in clauses 6.1 and 6.2 of 
the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement, with a Final Payment Receivable and the related 
Expectancy Right the present value of which shall be at least the Settlement Amount on the Payment 
Date following the expiration of such period; or 
(b) 
settle any Purchased Final Payment Receivables and the related Purchased Expectancy Rights 
affected by such breach which materially and adversely affects the interests of the Issuer or the 
Noteholders on the Payment Date following the expiration of such period. Any such settlement by 
VWL shall be at a price equal to the Settlement Amount.  
Upon payment of such Settlement Amount by VWL, the Issuer, the Expectancy Rights Trustee shall release 
and shall execute and deliver such instruments of release, transfer or assignment, in each case without 
recourse or representation, as shall be reasonably necessary to vest in VWL or its designee any Purchased 
Final Payment Receivable and related Purchased Expectancy Rights settled. The right to cause VWL to settle 
or replace any Purchased Final Payment Receivable and related Purchased Expectancy Rights as described 
above will constitute the sole remedy respecting such breach available to the Issuer and the Expectancy 
Rights Trustee. Neither the Issuer nor the Expectancy Rights Trustee will have any duty to conduct an 
affirmative investigation as to the occurrence of any condition requiring the settlement of any Purchased Final 
Payment Receivable and related Purchased Expectancy Rights. 
VWL warrants and guarantees, that the Lease Receivables related to the Purchased Expectancy Rights are 
originated in the ordinary course of the business of VWL pursuant to lease granting standards which also 
apply to leases which will not be securitised. In particular VWL warrants and guarantees, that it has in place 
(i) effective systems to apply its standard lease criteria for granting the Lease Receivables and (ii) processes 
for approving and, where relevant, amending, renewing and re-financing the Lease Receivables, in order to 
ensure that granting of the Lease Receivables is based on a thorough assessment of each Lessee's 
creditworthiness. Furthermore VWL warrants and guarantees, that the assessment of each Lessee's 
creditworthiness (i) will be performed on the basis of sufficient information, where appropriate obtained from 
the Lessee and, where necessary, on the basis of a consultation of the relevant database and (ii) will be 
repeated before any significant increase in the total amount is granted after the conclusion of the lease, in 
combination with an update of the Lessee's financial information. 
The Issuer may on any Payment Date, for the purpose of a Term Takeout, offer to sell and assign to a 
securitisation vehicle nominated by the Seller (in each case, the "Transferee") any or all Purchased 
Expectancy Rights, provided that the Rating Agencies will have confirmed (by way of press release or 
otherwise) that the sale of the Term Takeout Receivables will not in and of itself result in a downgrade, 
withdrawal or qualification of the rating assigned to Class A Notes or the Rated Class B Notes prior to the 
Term Takeout. If accepted by the Transferee, the purchase price to be paid by the Transferee acquiring the 
Purchased Expectancy Rights will be equal to the Residual Value in respect of each such Purchased 
Expectancy Right, discounted as at the respective Payment Date at the Expectancy Rights Discount Rate, 
but shall be an amount no less than the Aggregate Redeemable Amount, and will be paid into the Distribution 
Account for value on such Payment Date. The selection of Purchased Expectancy Rights for the purposes of 
a Term Takeout will be made on a random basis and the proceeds from any Term Takeout will be paid into 
the Distribution Account but will not be applied according to the Order of Priority but instead be distributed as

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
 
 
separately provided in clause 21.3 (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. Any such randomly selected 
Purchased Expectancy Right shall comply with the same warranties and guarantees as set out in clause 6.6 
(Warranties by VWL with respect to the Purchased Expectancy Rights) of the Expectancy Rights Purchase 
Agreement at the time of the transfer to the Transferee. For the avoidance of doubt, in case of Non-Amortising 
Series of Notes any redemption payments will be made in a way to redeem a certain number of Notes in their 
principal amount of EUR 100,000.  
The Purchased Final Payment Receivables and Purchased Expectancy Rights acquired and transferred by 
assignment under the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement and any Additional Expectancy Rights 
Purchase Agreement from VWL have characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service 
payments due and payable on the Notes. 
Description of the Lease Contracts, Residual Values represented by the Expectancy Rights as at the 
Additional Cut-Off Date falling in August 2023 
The information below contains data of the pool as relevant for the Notes outstanding on the date of this Base 
Prospectus. The aggregate amount of such Notes is expected to be around EUR 8,132,600,000. In case of 
the issuance of Further Notes, the amended stratification tables and information will be inserted into the Final 
Terms for the relevant Series of Notes.  
The Portfolio information presented in this Base Prospectus is based on a pool on the Additional Cut-Off Date 
falling in August 2023.

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
 
 
1. 
Distribution by contract concentration1 
Total porfolio
Distribution by contract 
concentration 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding discounted 
balance
Percentage of outstanding 
discounted balance
1
351,839 
47.18%
6,691,756,939.64 €
49.01%
2 - 10 
206,153 
27.64%
3,928,633,792.17 €
28.77%
11 - 20
54,210 
7.27%
888,330,337.23 €
6.51%
21 - 50
63,342 
8.49%
1,029,362,528.31 €
7.54%
> 50
70,254 
9.42%
1,117,103,047.23 €
8.18%
Total
745,798 
100.00%
13,655,186,644.58 €
100.00%
 
2. 
Distribution by outstanding discounted balance  
Total porfolio 
Distribution by outstanding 
discounted balance
Number of 
contracts
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding discounted 
balance 
Percentage of outstanding 
discounted balance
0,00 - 5.000,00
1,900
0.27%
8,100,915.80 €
0.06% 
5.000,01 - 10.000,00
78,326
11.02%
629,100,084.92 €
4.84% 
10.000,01 - 15.000,00
199,132
28.01%
2,539,822,730.17 €
19.52% 
15.000,01 - 20.000,00
204,151
28.72%
3,543,461,931.79 €
27.24% 
20.000,01 - 25.000,00
121,097
17.03%
2,681,571,294.77 €
20.61% 
25.000,01 - 30.000,00
46,825
6.59%
1,272,910,346.76 €
9.78% 
> 30.000,00
59,451
8.36%
2,334,293,637.63 €
17.94% 
Total
710,882
100.00%
13,009,260,941.84 €
100.00% 
Statistics 
Minimum outstanding discounted balance 
937.11 € 
Maximum outstanding discounted balance
81,994.35 € 
Average outstanding discounted balance 
18,300.17 € 
 
3. 
Distribution by contract concentration: Top 20 Lessees 
Total porfolio
Distribution by largest 
lessee
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts
Outstanding discounted 
balance 
Percentage of outstanding 
discounted balance
1
3,025 
0.41%
52,345,216.46 €
0.38% 
2
1,815 
0.24%
29,709,443.77 €
0.22% 
3
745 
0.10%
15,049,734.40 €
0.11% 
4
645 
0.09%
14,631,501.10 €
0.11% 
5
406 
0.05%
12,319,483.35 €
0.09% 
6
569 
0.08%
11,307,518.45 €
0.08% 
7
339 
0.05%
8,314,472.84 €
0.06% 
8
453 
0.06%
7,519,881.38 €
0.06% 
9
161 
0.02%
7,393,443.22 €
0.05% 
10
395 
0.05%
7,311,595.10 €
0.05% 
11
494 
0.07%
6,748,049.98 €
0.05% 
12
420 
0.06%
6,734,197.67 €
0.05% 
13
451 
0.06%
6,360,408.56 €
0.05% 
14
315 
0.04%
5,978,848.55 €
0.04% 
15
401 
0.05%
5,879,655.84 €
0.04% 
16
288 
0.04%
5,739,504.73 €
0.04% 
17
308 
0.04%
5,713,508.90 €
0.04% 
18
330 
0.04%
5,586,181.16 €
0.04% 
19
345 
0.05%
5,504,785.02 €
0.04% 
20
315 
0.04%
5,005,739.33 €
0.04% 
Total 1 - 20 
12,220 
1.64%
225,153,169.81 €
1.65% 
 
 
 
 
 
1  
In principal, the number of contracts and the outstanding receivables balance in all stratification tables must be equal. The only exemption 
is Table 1 - Distribution of Lease Contracts and Leased Vehicles per Lessee. For the purpose of customer concentration, the most 
conservative approach is followed. Contracts are aggregated at customer level and in addition at borrower unit level. This leads to 
double-counting of a certain share of contracts. However, by following this approach, the most accurate view is provided when it comes 
to measuring the exposure when large customers default.

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
 
 
4. 
Distribution by customer type  
Total portfolio
 
Distribution by 
customer type 
Number of 
contracts
Percentage of 
contracts
Outstanding discounted 
balance
Percentage of outstanding 
discounted balance
Retail 
576,016
81.03%
10,775,714,535.46 €
82.83% 
Corporate 
134,866
18.97%
2,233,546,406.38 €
17.17% 
Total
710,882
100.00%
13,009,260,941.84 €
100.00% 
 
5. 
Distribution by remaining contract term 
Total porfolio 
Distribution by 
remaining term
Number of 
contracts
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding discounted 
balance
Percentage of outstanding 
discounted balance
00-12 
165,579
23.29%
3,317,721,062.37 €
25.50% 
13-24 
227,050
31.94%
4,312,754,591.26 €
33.15% 
25-36 
233,390
32.83%
4,150,982,610.06 €
31.91% 
37-48 
82,429
11.60%
1,197,696,315.36 €
9.21% 
49-60 
2,434
0.34%
30,106,362.79 €
0.23% 
61-72 
0
0.00%
0.00 €
0.00% 
Total
710,882
100.00%
13,009,260,941.84 €
100.00% 
 
 
 
Statistics 
Minimum Remaining Term 
1 
Maximum Remaining Term
58 
Weighted Average Remaining Term 
21.48 
 
6. 
Distribution by seasoning 
Total porfolio 
Distribution by 
seasoning 
Number of 
contracts
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding discounted 
balance
Percentage of outstanding 
discounted balance
01-12 
284,551
40.03%
5,315,752,210.13 €
40.86% 
13-24 
272,836
38.38%
5,049,631,367.96 €
38.82% 
25-36 
126,262
17.76%
2,236,454,716.58 €
17.19% 
37-48 
26,353
3.71%
397,004,522.21 €
3.05% 
49-60 
879
0.12%
10,412,328.48 €
0.08% 
61-72 
1
0.00%
5,796.48 €
0.00% 
Total
710,882
100.00%
13,009,260,941.84 €
100.00% 
 
 
 
Statistics 
Minimum seasoning
1 
Maximum seasoning
67 
Weighted average seasoning 
16.26

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
 
 
7. 
Distribution by total number of instalments 
 
Total portfolio 
Distribution by total 
number of installments
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding discounted 
balance
Percentage of outstanding 
discounted balance 
01-12 
3,137 
0.44% 
€95,435,726.64 
0.73%
13-24 
69,297 
9.75% 
€1,658,802,300.98 
12.75%
25-36 
383,786 
53.99% 
€7,517,188,527.55 
57.78%
37-48 
240,825 
33.88% 
€3,559,254,222.97 
27.36%
49-60 
13,823 
1.94% 
€178,458,757.04 
1.37%
61-72 
14 
0.00% 
€121,406.66 
0.00%
> 72
0 
0.00% 
€0.00 
0.00%
Total
710,882 
100.00% 
13,009,260,941.84 € 
100.00%
 
 
Statistics 
Minimum original term 
12 
Maximum original term 
72 
Weighted average original term 
37.73 
 
8. 
Distribution by contract type (Open End Lease Contracts (Verträge mit Gebrauchtwagenabrechnung) 
- versus Closed End Lease Contracts (Verträge ohne Gebrauchtwagenabrechnung)) 
Total portfolio
Distribution by 
contract type
Number of 
contracts
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding discounted 
balance 
Percentage of outstanding 
discounted balance
Closed end contract
710,727
99.98%
13,007,190,385.77 €
99.98% 
Open end lease contract 
155
0.02%
2,070,556.07 €
0.02% 
Total
710,882
100.00%
13,009,260,941.84 €
100.00% 
 
9. 
Distribution by type of vehicles and corresponding Residual Values (RV) 
Total portfolio 
Distribution by type 
of vehicles 
Number of 
contracts
Percentage of 
contracts
Outstanding discounted 
balance
Percentage of outstanding 
discounted balance 
New vehicles
660,372 
92.89%
12,124,483,732.18 €
93.20% 
Used vehicles
38,025 
5.35%
632,533,717.62 €
4.86% 
Demonstration vehicles 
12,485 
1.76%
252,243,492.04 €
1.94% 
Total
710,882 
100.00%
13,009,260,941.84 €
100.00% 
 
10. 
Distribution by payment type  
Total portfolio 
Distribution by payment 
type
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts
Outstanding discounted 
balance
Percentage of outstanding 
discounted balance 
Direct borrower account 
debit 
699,698 
98.43%
12,804,976,664.99 € 
98.43%
Others 
11,184 
1.57%
204,284,276.85 € 
1.57%
Total
710,882 
100.00%
13,009,260,941.84 € 
100.00%

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
 
 
11. 
Distribution of Discounted Residual Values by vehicle brands and models  
Total porfolio 
Distribution by vehicle 
brand 
Number of 
contracts
Percentage of 
contracts
Outstanding 
discounted balance
Percentage of outstanding 
discounted balance
VW
293,128 
41.23%
4,714,116,516.15 €
36.24%
VW LCV 
52,033 
7.32%
841,876,992.27 €
6.47%
Audi
153,168 
21.55%
4,087,664,201.78 €
31.42%
Seat
97,907 
13.77%
1,619,861,349.79 €
12.45%
Skoda
111,600 
15.70%
1,708,960,946.72 €
13.14%
Other brands
3,046 
0.43%
36,780,935.13 €
0.28%
Total
710,882 
100.00%
13,009,260,941.84 €
100.00%
 
Total porfolio
Distribution by vehicle 
brands & models
Model 
Number of 
contracts
Percentage 
of contracts
Outstanding 
discounted balance 
Percentage of outstanding 
discounted balance
VW
ARTEON
12,099
1.70% 
302,411,263.52 € 
2.32% 
BEETLE 
1
0.00% 
13,644.00 € 
0.00% 
E-UP! 
7,755
1.09% 
65,058,803.24 € 
0.50% 
  
GOLF 
52,348
7.36% 
848,205,223.88 € 
6.52% 
ID.3
24,404
3.43% 
371,518,995.08 € 
2.86% 
ID.4
19,584
2.75% 
415,364,019.68 € 
3.19% 
ID.5
3,375
0.47% 
80,023,511.21 € 
0.62% 
PASSAT 
32,738
4.61% 
528,475,141.64 € 
4.06% 
POLO
24,690
3.47% 
249,321,129.43 € 
1.92% 
SHARAN
652
0.09% 
10,694,770.65 € 
0.08% 
T-CROSS
9,032
1.27% 
109,783,093.91 € 
0.84% 
T-ROC
32,729
4.60% 
505,574,008.60 € 
3.89% 
TAIGO
10,410
1.46% 
130,185,978.77 € 
1.00% 
TIGUAN
38,395
5.40% 
775,431,123.50 € 
5.96% 
TOUAREG
4,801
0.68% 
160,996,085.76 € 
1.24% 
TOURAN 
5,466
0.77% 
72,085,638.92 € 
0.55% 
UP!
14,649
2.06% 
88,974,084.36 € 
0.68% 
Sub-Total VW 
293,128
41.23% 
4,714,116,516.15 € 
36.24% 
VW LCV 
AMAROK 
299
0.04% 
6,454,771.99 € 
0.05% 
CADDY 
16,539
2.33% 
186,426,191.55 € 
1.43% 
CRAFTER
10,467
1.47% 
170,200,097.30 € 
1.31% 
ECRAFTER
255
0.04% 
5,102,467.98 € 
0.04% 
BUZZ 
616
0.09% 
16,180,983.72 € 
0.12% 
SONSTIGES
2
0.00% 
50,424.37 € 
0.00% 
T4
6
0.00% 
53,680.51 € 
0.00% 
T6
1,197
0.17% 
18,887,181.53 € 
0.15% 
T6.1
20,617
2.90% 
387,706,705.74 € 
2.98% 
T7
2,035
0.29% 
50,814,487.58 € 
0.39% 
Sub-Total VW LCV 
52,033
7.32% 
841,876,992.27 € 
6.47% 
Audi
A1 
4,809
0.68% 
58,119,709.92 € 
0.45% 
A3 
24,592
3.46% 
460,059,040.55 € 
3.54% 
A4 
22,209
3.12% 
471,333,563.93 € 
3.62% 
A5 
7,004
0.99% 
194,403,270.00 € 
1.49% 
A6 
17,942
2.52% 
544,334,867.45 € 
4.18% 
A7 
1,035
0.15% 
40,655,617.60 € 
0.31% 
A8 
1,017
0.14% 
49,137,601.89 € 
0.38% 
  
E-TRON 
13,553
1.91% 
588,022,444.74 € 
4.52% 
Q2 
5,890
0.83% 
96,836,103.47 € 
0.74% 
Q3 
16,511
2.32% 
377,891,156.21 € 
2.90% 
Q4 
10,581
1.49% 
246,361,799.17 € 
1.89% 
  
Q5 
19,222
2.70% 
584,843,345.92 € 
4.50% 
Q7 
3,340
0.47% 
136,380,017.76 € 
1.05% 
Q8 
4,251
0.60% 
202,939,351.59 € 
1.56% 
R8
119
0.02% 
8,321,993.77 € 
0.06% 
  
TT 
1,093
0.15% 
28,024,317.81 € 
0.22% 
Sub-Total Audi
153,168
21.55% 
4,087,664,201.78 € 
31.42% 
Seat
ALHAMBRA 
1,290
0.18% 
19,982,521.31 € 
0.15% 
ARONA
9,195
1.29% 
108,776,757.67 € 
0.84% 
ATECA
12,454
1.75% 
230,990,965.76 € 
1.78% 
BORN
6,771
0.95% 
105,617,847.06 € 
0.81% 
FORMENTOR 
29,223
4.11% 
595,582,042.96 € 
4.58% 
IBIZA 
10,769
1.51% 
105,114,108.48 € 
0.81% 
LEON 
22,484
3.16% 
362,959,106.01 € 
2.79% 
MII 
104
0.01% 
531,383.80 € 
0.00% 
MII ELECTRIC 
757
0.11% 
5,909,348.05 € 
0.05% 
TARRACO
4,859
0.68% 
84,389,679.68 € 
0.65% 
TOLEDO
1
0.00% 
7,589.01 € 
0.00% 
Sub-Total Seat 
97,907
13.77% 
1,619,861,349.79 € 
12.45% 
Skoda
CITIGO 
63
0.01% 
270,987.26 € 
0.00% 
CITIGOE
551
0.08% 
4,472,090.04 € 
0.03% 
ENYAQ IV 
10,911
1.53% 
208,657,877.28 € 
1.60% 
FABIA
12,050
1.70% 
97,278,557.98 € 
0.75% 
KAMIQ
8,322
1.17% 
100,532,257.54 € 
0.77%

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
 
 
Total porfolio
Distribution by vehicle 
brands & models
Model 
Number of 
contracts
Percentage 
of contracts
Outstanding 
discounted balance 
Percentage of outstanding 
discounted balance
KAROQ 
13,547
1.91% 
207,080,984.62 € 
1.59% 
  
KODIAQ 
14,774
2.08% 
278,406,650.19 € 
2.14% 
OCTAVIA 
34,643
4.87% 
541,348,546.36 € 
4.16% 
RAPID 
21
0.00% 
135,217.81 € 
0.00% 
SCALA
3,540
0.50% 
36,701,908.74 € 
0.28% 
SUPERB
13,178
1.85% 
234,075,868.90 € 
1.80% 
Sub-Total Skoda
111,600
15.70% 
1,708,960,946.72 € 
13.14% 
Other brands
3,046
0.43% 
36,780,935.13 € 
0.28% 
Total
710,882
100.00% 
13,009,260,941.84 € 
100.00% 
 
12. 
Distribution by motor type 
Total porfolio 
 
Distribution by 
motor type 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts
Outstanding discounted 
balance 
Percentage of outstanding discounted 
balance
Diesel
229,260 
32.25%
4,289,299,134.94 €
32.97% 
Petrol
284,477 
40.02%
4,560,017,697.71 €
35.05% 
Electric 
101,265 
14.24%
2,155,653,357.41 €
16.57% 
Hybrid 
93,743 
13.19%
1,981,799,338.62 €
15.23% 
Gas
2,116 
0.30%
22,145,378.33 €
0.17% 
Others 
21 
0.00%
346,034.83 €
0.00% 
Total
710,882 
100.00%
13,009,260,941.84 €
100.00% 
 
13. 
Distribution by geographic region of Residual Values (RV) 
  
Total porfolio 
Distribution by 
geographic region 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts
Outstanding 
discounted balance
Percentage of outstanding 
discounted balance
Baden- 
Wuerttemberg
109,754
15.44% 
2,053,393,826.96 € 
15.78% 
Bavaria
122,733
17.26% 
2,343,988,848.68 € 
18.02% 
Berlin 
19,896
2.80% 
367,731,129.45 € 
2.83% 
Brandenburg 
13,610
1.91% 
234,549,390.23 € 
1.80% 
Bremen 
5,415
0.76% 
95,648,163.98 € 
0.74% 
Hamburg
14,979
2.11% 
273,925,251.38 € 
2.11% 
Hesse
56,642
7.97% 
1,060,259,391.56 € 
8.15% 
Lower Saxony
68,169
9.59% 
1,199,068,300.57 € 
9.22% 
Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
8,613
1.21% 
142,549,702.26 € 
1.10% 
North Rhine-Westphalia
166,872
23.47% 
3,061,739,540.59 € 
23.54% 
Rhineland-Palatinate
31,354
4.41% 
590,542,329.28 € 
4.54% 
Saarland 
7,040
0.99% 
130,442,896.50 € 
1.00% 
Saxony
31,445
4.42% 
528,781,953.12 € 
4.06% 
Saxony-Anhalt 
15,027
2.11% 
248,324,411.87 € 
1.91% 
Schleswig-Holstein
20,237
2.85% 
359,077,140.82 € 
2.76% 
Thuringia
19,090
2.69% 
319,138,647.74 € 
2.45% 
Foreign countries (*)
6
0.00% 
100,016.85 € 
0.00% 
Total
710,882
100.00% 
13,009,260,941.84 € 
100.00%

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
 
 
14. 
Distribution by industry sector 
Total porfolio 
Distribution by industry 
sector
Number of contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding discounted 
balance 
Percentage of 
discounted balance
Agriculture/ Forestry
3,641
0.51% 
67,974,458.23 €
0.52% 
Energy/ Mining 
8,519
1.20% 
151,215,937.48 €
1.16% 
Manufacturing industry
93,163
13.11% 
1,660,110,966.63 €
12.76% 
Chemical industry 
6,040
0.85% 
105,708,770.75 €
0.81% 
Construction 
59,477
8.37% 
1,107,751,417.29 €
8.52% 
Retail/ Wholesale 
97,405
13.70% 
1,799,583,602.69 €
13.83% 
Hotel and restaurant 
industry 
10,280
1.45% 
205,506,910.91 €
1.58% 
Transportation 
17,325
2.44% 
326,269,450.25 €
2.51% 
Financial services 
53,562
7.53% 
1,239,295,524.35 €
9.53% 
Public administration, 
education, health care, 
public serv.
166,062
23.36% 
2,723,363,125.07 €
20.93% 
Other services 
94,883
13.35% 
1,823,807,681.13 €
14.02% 
Information technology
31,300
4.40% 
606,762,471.11 €
4.66% 
Real estate
18,167
2.56% 
351,307,685.40 €
2.70% 
Others 
51,058
7.18% 
840,602,940.55 €
6.46% 
Total
710,882
100.00% 
13,009,260,941.84 €
100.00% 
(*) Customers who changed their residence after Cut-Off-Date 
15. 
Retention of net economic interest  
Period 
Nominal Balance 
at Pool cut 
Nominal Balance at the end 
of the period - before top/tap-
up
Nominal Balance at of the 
end of the period 
Total Assets
€942,880,365.27  
€13,404,365,030.21  
€14,115,177,934.45 
Expectancy Rights balance 
€942,880,365.27  
€12,675,725,090.28  
€14,115,177,934.45 
Accumulation Account balance
€0.00  
€728,639,939.93  
€0.00 
First loss piece
€151,242,209.28  
€3,131,267,441.01  
€3,367,281,616.29 
Overcollateralization* 
€134,364,209.28  
€2,897,333,441.01  
€3,123,303,616.29 
General Cash Collateral Account balance 
€16,878,000.00  
€233,934,000.00  
€243,978,000.00 
Actual retention
16.04%
23.36% 
23.86% 
 
The Purchased Expectancy Rights and Purchased Final Payment Receivables have not been selected by 
the Seller with the aim of rendering losses on the Purchased Expectancy Rights and Purchased Final 
Payment Receivables to the Issuer, measured over the life of the Transaction, higher than the losses over 
the same period on comparable Expectancy Rights and Final Payment Receivables held on the balance 
sheet of the Seller. 
Verification pursuant to Article 22(2) of the Securitisation Regulation has occurred prior to the Renewal Date 
and no significant adverse findings have been found.

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
 
 
Weighted Average Lives of the Notes 
Weighted average lives of the Notes refer to the average amount of time that will elapse (on a 30/360 basis) 
from the date of issuance of a security to the date of distribution of amounts to the investor distributed in 
reduction of principal of such security (assuming no losses). The weighted average life of the Notes will be 
influenced by, amongst other things, the rate at which the Expectancy Rights are paid, which may be in the 
form of scheduled amortisation, prepayments or liquidations and the rate at which realisation proceeds are 
generated under the Expectancy Rights. 
Purchased Expectancy Rights 
The following table is prepared on the basis of certain assumptions, as described below, regarding the 
weighted average characteristics of the Purchased Expectancy Rights and the performance thereof. 
The table assumes, among other things, that the Issuer holds a pool of Purchased Expectancy Rights with 
the following characteristics, 
(a) 
the Portfolio is subject to a constant annual rate of prepayment as set out in the below table under 
the header "CPR"; 
(b) 
no Purchased Expectancy Rights are repurchased by the Seller; 
(c) 
each Series of Notes is expected to have the characteristics on 25 September 2023 as set out in 
the below table  
Series 
Outstanding Balance 
Fixed Rate 
Under the 
Swap 
Floating 
Margin  
Year Began 
Amortising 
Series A 2015-1 
EUR 464,100,000 
4.6100% 
0.80% 
Revolving 
Series A 2015-2 
EUR 523,700,000 
4.6100% 
0.80% 
Revolving 
Series A 2015-3 
EUR 930,000,000 
4.6100% 
0.80% 
Revolving 
Series A 2015-4 
EUR 780,000,000 
4.6100% 
0.80% 
Revolving 
Series A 2015-5 
EUR 643,800,000 
4.6100% 
0.80% 
Revolving 
Series A 2015-6 
EUR 300,000,000 
4.6100% 
0.80% 
Revolving 
Series A 2016-1 
EUR 476,500,000 
4.6100% 
0.80% 
Revolving 
Series A 2016-2 
EUR 50,000,000 
4.6100% 
0.80% 
Revolving 
Series A 2016-4 
EUR 578,600,000 
4.6100% 
0.80% 
Revolving 
Series A 2018-2 
EUR 349,200,000 
4.6100% 
0.80% 
Revolving 
Series A 2018-4 
EUR 209,400,000 
4.6100% 
0.80% 
Revolving 
Series A 2018-5 
EUR 361,500,000 
4.6100% 
0.80% 
Revolving 
Series A 2021-1 
EUR 202,900,000 
4.6100% 
0.80% 
Revolving 
Series A 2021-2 
EUR 361,000,000 
4.6100% 
0.80% 
Revolving 
Series A 2022-1 
EUR 358,400,000 
4.6100% 
0.80% 
Revolving 
Series A 2023-1 
EUR 152,600,000 
4.6100% 
0.80% 
Revolving 
Series A 2023-2 
EUR 30,600,000 
4.6100% 
0.80% 
Revolving 
 
Series B 2015-1 
EUR 110,900,000 
5.3350% 
1.50% 
Revolving 
Series B 2015-3 
EUR 238,500,000 
5.3350% 
1.50% 
Revolving 
Series B 2016-1 
EUR 79,600,000 
5.3350% 
1.50% 
Revolving 
Series B 2016-3 
EUR 443,100,000 
5.3350% 
1.50% 
Revolving 
Series B 2017-1 
EUR 94,400,000 
5.3350% 
1.50% 
Revolving 
Series B 2018-1 
EUR 83,000,000 
5.3350% 
1.50% 
Revolving 
Series B 2018-2 
EUR 50,000,000 
5.3350% 
1.50% 
Revolving

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
 
 
Series 
Outstanding Balance 
Fixed Rate 
Under the 
Swap 
Floating 
Margin  
Year Began 
Amortising 
Series B 2019-1 
EUR 56,900,000 
5.3350% 
1.50% 
Revolving 
Series B 2020-1 
EUR 43,300,000 
5.3350% 
1.50% 
Revolving 
Series B 2020-2 
EUR 95,000,000 
5.3350% 
1.50% 
Revolving 
Series B 2021-1 
EUR 53,200,000 
5.3350% 
1.50% 
Revolving 
Series B 2023-1 
EUR 12,400,000 
5.3350% 
1.50% 
Revolving 
 
(d) 
the Payment Date is assumed to be the 25th day of each month; 
(e) 
the Clean-Up Call is exercised except for the scenario at 0% CPR below; 
(f) 
the Purchased Expectancy Rights are fully realised; 
(g) 
the Expectancy Rights Discount Rate is to be 4.338 per cent. and the payments are discounted 
back to 31 August 2023; 
(h) 
third party expenses and servicing fees together are assumed to be 1.03 per cent.; 
(i) 
there is no Reserve Trigger Event in effect and the Negative Buffer Release Amount (if any) is paid 
each month by the Seller and forms part of the Available Distribution Amount, 
(j) 
there is no Credit Enhancement Increase Condition in effect and the Positive Buffer Release 
Amount (if any) is paid to the Seller outside of the Order of Priority;  
(k) 
no Early Amortisation Event occurs; 
(l) 
no tap issuance has been made;  
(m) 
no extension of the Revolving Period on the Payment Date falling in September 2024; 
(n) 
the Subordinated Loan balance is EUR 2,859,274,318.16; 
(o) 
the Accumulation Account balance is EUR 0;  
(p) 
the Maximum Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance is equal to EUR 13,009,260,941.84; 
(q) 
the theoretical swap rate required to swap the Subordinated Loan is 7.38 per cent;  
(s) 
EURIBOR rate for one month is 3.642%;  
(t) 
the General Cash Collateral Amount on the Payment Date falling in September 2023 is 
EUR 243,978,000; and 
(u) 
Receivables in arrears are paid during the first period.

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
 
 
The approximate average lives of the Notes, at various assumed rates of prepayment of the Purchased 
Expectancy Rights, would be as follows: 
Revolving Series 
 
Class A 
Class B 
CPR (per 
cent.) 
Average 
Life in 
Years 
First 
Principal 
Payment 
Expected 
Maturity 
Average 
Life in 
Years 
First Principal 
Payment 
Expected 
Maturity 
0% (no CuC) 
2.24 
Oct-2024 
May-2027 
2.49 
Feb-2025 
Jun-2027 
2% 
2.21 
Oct-2024 
Feb-2027 
2.43 
Feb-2025 
Feb-2027 
5% 
2.18 
Oct-2024 
Feb-2027 
2.40 
Jan-2025 
Feb-2027 
10% 
2.14 
Oct-2024 
Jan-2027 
2.35 
Jan-2025 
Jan-2027  
 
The exact average lives of the Notes cannot be predicted as the actual rate at which the Purchased 
Expectancy Rights will be repaid and a number of other relevant factors are unknown. 
 
The average lives of the Notes are subject to factors largely outside the control of the Issuer and consequently 
no assurance can be given that the assumptions and the estimates above will prove in any way to be realistic 
and they must therefore be viewed with considerable caution. 
 
The information set out in this section entitled "Weighted Average Life of the Notes" has been provided by 
the Lead Manager for use in this Base Prospectus and the Lead Manager (subject to the qualifications in this 
section) is solely responsible for the accuracy of the information set out in this section entitled "Weighted 
Average Life of the Notes" taking into account the assumptions selected above, except to the extent that 
any inaccuracy results from information provided by VWL to the Lead Manager for the purpose of preparing 
this section of the Base Prospectus in which case VWL is solely responsible for the accuracy of the information 
set out in this section entitled "Weighted Average Life of the Notes" to the extent of the inaccuracy. 
 
The calculation of the approximate average lives of the Notes as made by the Lead Manager is based on the 
assumptions selected above, is produced with respect to the date of this Base Prospectus only and is, in 
particular, not based on any tap-ups or term take-outs to occur with respect to any Series of Notes after the 
date of this Base Prospectus. However, it should be noted that the exact average lives of the Notes cannot 
be predicted as the actual rate at which the Purchased Expectancy Rights will be repaid and a number of 
other relevant factors are unknown and largely outside the control of the Issuer and the Lead Manager. 
Therefore, each investor should be aware that any such assumption is likely to change and any such change 
in any assumption used for calculating the approximate average lives of the Notes may lead to a change of 
the approximate average lives of the Notes. Furthermore, it should also be noted that the calculation of the 
approximate average lives of the Notes as made by the Lead Manager and as made by the provider of the 
cash flow model pursuant to Article 22(3) of the Securitisation Regulation might deviate from each other due 
to different calculation methods used by the Lead Manager (for the purpose of calculating the Weighted 
Average Life of the Notes) and the provider of the cash flow model (for the purpose of Article 22(3) of the 
Securitisation Regulation). 
 
To the best knowledge and belief of the Issuer, the above information has been accurately reproduced. The 
Issuer is able to ascertain from the above information provided by the Lead Manager that no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
 
 
Amortisation Profile of the Purchased Expectancy Rights (Run out schedule) 
The amortisation of the Purchased Expectancy Rights is subject to factors largely outside the control of the 
Issuer and consequently no assurance can be given that the assumptions and the estimates above will prove 
in any way to be realistic and they must therefore be viewed with considerable caution. 
Reporting period 
Principal 
Interest 
Instalment 
arrears 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
09.2023 
208,520,530.24 
753,801.96 
209,274,332.20 
10.2023 
169,841,050.74 
1,230,170.72 
171,071,221.46 
11.2023 
187,841,863.44 
2,044,518.34 
189,886,381.78 
12.2023 
154,741,236.50 
2,249,720.67 
156,990,957.17 
01.2024 
167,274,315.54 
3,045,422.21 
170,319,737.75 
02.2024 
179,863,462.46 
3,936,666.24 
183,800,128.70 
03.2024 
225,302,623.56 
5,763,487.30 
231,066,110.86 
04.2024 
270,049,148.00 
7,909,352.93 
277,958,500.93 
05.2024 
348,524,740.13 
11,504,610.94 
360,029,351.07 
06.2024 
366,095,130.44 
13,451,717.01 
379,546,847.45 
07.2024 
388,455,264.21 
15,729,175.97 
404,184,440.18 
08.2024 
364,091,256.88 
16,112,124.50 
380,203,381.38 
09.2024 
323,305,904.03 
15,527,722.46 
338,833,626.49 
10.2024 
286,229,198.50 
14,831,417.68 
301,060,616.18 
11.2024 
356,147,751.94 
19,808,543.32 
375,956,295.26 
12.2024 
346,002,139.37 
20,564,620.93 
366,566,760.30 
01.2025 
308,086,151.69 
19,491,012.72 
327,577,164.41 
02.2025 
300,232,931.42 
20,148,186.51 
320,381,117.93 
03.2025 
360,915,550.06 
25,612,773.96 
386,528,324.02 
04.2025 
304,447,094.11 
22,784,107.39 
327,231,201.50 
05.2025 
420,756,368.78 
33,123,285.24 
453,879,654.02 
06.2025 
430,996,200.40 
35,610,103.14 
466,606,303.54 
07.2025 
438,275,711.84 
37,926,828.47 
476,202,540.31 
08.2025 
389,186,146.75 
35,207,447.62 
424,393,594.37 
09.2025 
360,930,993.55 
34,074,165.29 
395,005,158.84 
10.2025 
380,378,431.62 
37,415,011.59 
417,793,443.21 
11.2025 
479,033,129.48 
49,020,982.16 
528,054,111.64 
12.2025 
449,913,133.37 
47,833,913.80 
497,747,047.17 
01.2026 
355,733,934.24 
39,243,661.24 
394,977,595.48 
02.2026 
342,696,020.67 
39,180,863.89 
381,876,884.56 
03.2026 
390,622,515.14 
46,233,906.94 
436,856,422.08 
04.2026 
317,483,862.87 
38,860,795.32 
356,344,658.19 
05.2026 
412,622,210.45 
52,180,169.22 
464,802,379.67 
06.2026 
387,816,921.62 
50,622,542.35 
438,439,463.97 
07.2026 
384,237,536.15 
51,725,647.82 
435,963,183.97 
08.2026 
120,473,677.77 
16,712,179.18 
137,185,856.95 
09.2026 
111,033,345.54 
15,859,676.22 
126,893,021.76 
10.2026 
127,282,822.67 
18,706,554.54 
145,989,377.21 
11.2026 
150,824,739.05 
22,791,836.29 
173,616,575.34 
12.2026 
149,829,994.96 
23,265,000.14 
173,094,995.10 
01.2027 
102,907,595.95 
16,408,854.18 
119,316,450.13 
02.2027 
104,674,814.81 
17,129,376.81 
121,804,191.62 
03.2027 
117,074,664.89 
19,651,017.29 
136,725,682.18 
04.2027 
100,751,510.92 
17,336,521.90 
118,088,032.82

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
 
 
05.2027 
119,024,839.34 
20,985,164.67 
140,010,004.01 
06.2027 
118,821,733.29 
21,454,628.00 
140,276,361.29 
07.2027 
90,926,170.90 
16,805,811.98 
107,731,982.88 
08.2027 
4,879,844.31 
922,838.79 
5,802,683.10 
09.2027 
4,280,935.18 
827,979.87 
5,108,915.05 
10.2027 
4,368,439.59 
863,750.56 
5,232,190.15 
11.2027 
6,058,417.75 
1,224,133.39 
7,282,551.14 
12.2027 
4,647,376.58 
959,220.40 
5,606,596.98 
01.2028 
4,149,060.09 
874,462.30 
5,023,522.39 
02.2028 
2,308,679.07 
496,685.53 
2,805,364.60 
03.2028 
2,051,747.35 
450,422.49 
2,502,169.84 
04.2028 
1,785,289.61 
399,797.30 
2,185,086.91 
05.2028 
1,903,874.47 
434,776.95 
2,338,651.42 
06.2028 
1,661,810.05 
386,877.46 
2,048,687.51 
07.2028 
889,097.51 
210,948.52 
1,100,046.03 
08.2028 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
Total 
13,009,260,941.84 
1,105,916,992.61 
14,115,177,934.45

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
 
 
Assumed Amortisation of the Class A Notes 
This amortisation scenario is based on the assumptions listed under "Weighted Average Lives of the Notes" above and on a CPR of 2 per cent.: 
 
Peri
od 
Payme
nt Date 
Note 
Balance 
Class A 
total 
Series A 
2015-1 
Series A 
2015-2 
Series A 
2015-3 
Series A 
2015-4 
Series A 
2015-5 
Series A 
2015-6 
Series A 
2016-1 
Series A 
2016-2 
Series A 
2016-4 
Series A 
2018-2 
Series A 
2018-4 
Series A 
2018-5 
Series A 
2021-1 
Series A 
2021-2 
Series A 
2022-1 
Series A 
2023-1 
Series A 
2023-2 
0 
25/09/2
023
6,772,300,00
0.00 €
464,100,00
0.00 €
523,700,00
0.00 €
930,000,00
0.00 €
780,000,00
0.00 €
643,800,00
0.00 €
300,000,00
0.00 €
476,500,00
0.00 € 
50,000,00
0.00 € 
578,600,00
0.00 €
349,200,00
0.00 € 
209,400,00
0.00 € 
361,500,00
0.00 €
202,900,00
0.00 €
361,000,00
0.00 €
358,400,00
0.00 €
152,600,00
0.00 € 
30,600,00
0.00 €
1 
25/10/2
023
6,772,300,00
0.00 €
464,100,00
0.00 €
523,700,00
0.00 €
930,000,00
0.00 €
780,000,00
0.00 €
643,800,00
0.00 €
300,000,00
0.00 €
476,500,00
0.00 € 
50,000,00
0.00 € 
578,600,00
0.00 €
349,200,00
0.00 € 
209,400,00
0.00 € 
361,500,00
0.00 €
202,900,00
0.00 €
361,000,00
0.00 €
358,400,00
0.00 €
152,600,00
0.00 € 
30,600,00
0.00 €
2 
25/11/2
023
6,772,300,00
0.00 €
464,100,00
0.00 €
523,700,00
0.00 €
930,000,00
0.00 €
780,000,00
0.00 €
643,800,00
0.00 €
300,000,00
0.00 €
476,500,00
0.00 € 
50,000,00
0.00 € 
578,600,00
0.00 €
349,200,00
0.00 € 
209,400,00
0.00 € 
361,500,00
0.00 €
202,900,00
0.00 €
361,000,00
0.00 €
358,400,00
0.00 €
152,600,00
0.00 € 
30,600,00
0.00 €
3 
25/12/2
023
6,772,300,00
0.00 €
464,100,00
0.00 €
523,700,00
0.00 €
930,000,00
0.00 €
780,000,00
0.00 €
643,800,00
0.00 €
300,000,00
0.00 €
476,500,00
0.00 € 
50,000,00
0.00 € 
578,600,00
0.00 €
349,200,00
0.00 € 
209,400,00
0.00 € 
361,500,00
0.00 €
202,900,00
0.00 €
361,000,00
0.00 €
358,400,00
0.00 €
152,600,00
0.00 € 
30,600,00
0.00 €
4 
25/01/2
024 
6,772,300,00
0.00 € 
464,100,00
0.00 € 
523,700,00
0.00 € 
930,000,00
0.00 € 
780,000,00
0.00 € 
643,800,00
0.00 € 
300,000,00
0.00 € 
476,500,00
0.00 € 
50,000,00
0.00 € 
578,600,00
0.00 € 
349,200,00
0.00 € 
209,400,00
0.00 € 
361,500,00
0.00 € 
202,900,00
0.00 € 
361,000,00
0.00 € 
358,400,00
0.00 € 
152,600,00
0.00 € 
30,600,00
0.00 € 
5 
25/02/2
024 
6,772,300,00
0.00 € 
464,100,00
0.00 € 
523,700,00
0.00 € 
930,000,00
0.00 € 
780,000,00
0.00 € 
643,800,00
0.00 € 
300,000,00
0.00 € 
476,500,00
0.00 € 
50,000,00
0.00 € 
578,600,00
0.00 € 
349,200,00
0.00 € 
209,400,00
0.00 € 
361,500,00
0.00 € 
202,900,00
0.00 € 
361,000,00
0.00 € 
358,400,00
0.00 € 
152,600,00
0.00 € 
30,600,00
0.00 € 
6 
25/03/2
024 
6,772,300,00
0.00 € 
464,100,00
0.00 € 
523,700,00
0.00 € 
930,000,00
0.00 € 
780,000,00
0.00 € 
643,800,00
0.00 € 
300,000,00
0.00 € 
476,500,00
0.00 € 
50,000,00
0.00 € 
578,600,00
0.00 € 
349,200,00
0.00 € 
209,400,00
0.00 € 
361,500,00
0.00 € 
202,900,00
0.00 € 
361,000,00
0.00 € 
358,400,00
0.00 € 
152,600,00
0.00 € 
30,600,00
0.00 € 
7 
25/04/2
024
6,772,300,00
0.00 €
464,100,00
0.00 €
523,700,00
0.00 €
930,000,00
0.00 €
780,000,00
0.00 €
643,800,00
0.00 €
300,000,00
0.00 €
476,500,00
0.00 € 
50,000,00
0.00 € 
578,600,00
0.00 €
349,200,00
0.00 € 
209,400,00
0.00 € 
361,500,00
0.00 €
202,900,00
0.00 €
361,000,00
0.00 €
358,400,00
0.00 €
152,600,00
0.00 € 
30,600,00
0.00 €
8 
25/05/2
024
6,772,300,00
0.00 €
464,100,00
0.00 €
523,700,00
0.00 €
930,000,00
0.00 €
780,000,00
0.00 €
643,800,00
0.00 €
300,000,00
0.00 €
476,500,00
0.00 € 
50,000,00
0.00 € 
578,600,00
0.00 €
349,200,00
0.00 € 
209,400,00
0.00 € 
361,500,00
0.00 €
202,900,00
0.00 €
361,000,00
0.00 €
358,400,00
0.00 €
152,600,00
0.00 € 
30,600,00
0.00 €
9 
25/06/2
024
6,772,300,00
0.00 €
464,100,00
0.00 €
523,700,00
0.00 €
930,000,00
0.00 €
780,000,00
0.00 €
643,800,00
0.00 €
300,000,00
0.00 €
476,500,00
0.00 € 
50,000,00
0.00 € 
578,600,00
0.00 €
349,200,00
0.00 € 
209,400,00
0.00 € 
361,500,00
0.00 €
202,900,00
0.00 €
361,000,00
0.00 €
358,400,00
0.00 €
152,600,00
0.00 € 
30,600,00
0.00 €
10 
25/07/2
024 
6,772,300,00
0.00 € 
464,100,00
0.00 € 
523,700,00
0.00 € 
930,000,00
0.00 € 
780,000,00
0.00 € 
643,800,00
0.00 € 
300,000,00
0.00 € 
476,500,00
0.00 € 
50,000,00
0.00 € 
578,600,00
0.00 € 
349,200,00
0.00 € 
209,400,00
0.00 € 
361,500,00
0.00 € 
202,900,00
0.00 € 
361,000,00
0.00 € 
358,400,00
0.00 € 
152,600,00
0.00 € 
30,600,00
0.00 € 
11 
25/08/2
024 
6,772,300,00
0.00 € 
464,100,00
0.00 € 
523,700,00
0.00 € 
930,000,00
0.00 € 
780,000,00
0.00 € 
643,800,00
0.00 € 
300,000,00
0.00 € 
476,500,00
0.00 € 
50,000,00
0.00 € 
578,600,00
0.00 € 
349,200,00
0.00 € 
209,400,00
0.00 € 
361,500,00
0.00 € 
202,900,00
0.00 € 
361,000,00
0.00 € 
358,400,00
0.00 € 
152,600,00
0.00 € 
30,600,00
0.00 € 
12 
25/09/2
024 
6,772,300,00
0.00 € 
464,100,00
0.00 € 
523,700,00
0.00 € 
930,000,00
0.00 € 
780,000,00
0.00 € 
643,800,00
0.00 € 
300,000,00
0.00 € 
476,500,00
0.00 € 
50,000,00
0.00 € 
578,600,00
0.00 € 
349,200,00
0.00 € 
209,400,00
0.00 € 
361,500,00
0.00 € 
202,900,00
0.00 € 
361,000,00
0.00 € 
358,400,00
0.00 € 
152,600,00
0.00 € 
30,600,00
0.00 € 
13 
25/10/2
024
6,345,736,12
2.37 €
434,867,93
7.69 €
490,713,93
8.73 €
871,422,49
9.57 €
730,870,48
3.51 €
603,249,25
2.92 €
281,104,03
2.12 €
446,486,90
4.35 € 
46,850,67
2.02 € 
542,155,97
6.61 €
327,205,09
3.39 € 
196,210,61
4.42 € 
338,730,35
8.70 €
190,120,02
7.06 €
338,261,85
1.98 €
335,825,61
7.04 €
142,988,25
1.00 € 
28,672,61
1.28 €
14 
25/11/2
024
6,007,227,05
2.45 €
411,670,19
6.99 €
464,537,13
0.28 €
824,937,04
6.32 €
691,882,68
4.01 €
571,069,32
3.03 €
266,108,72
4.62 €
422,669,35
7.60 € 
44,351,45
4.10 € 
513,235,02
6.88 €
309,750,55
5.46 € 
185,743,88
9.78 € 
320,661,01
3.17 €
179,978,20
0.75 €
320,217,49
8.62 €
317,911,22
3.01 €
135,360,63
7.92 € 
27,143,08
9.91 €
15 
25/12/2
024
5,794,942,42
9.25 €
397,122,51
1.03 €
448,121,22
1.77 €
795,785,25
1.57 €
667,432,79
1.64 €
550,888,75
8.02 €
256,704,91
9.86 €
407,732,98
1.05 € 
42,784,15
3.31 € 
495,098,22
2.11 €
298,804,52
6.72 € 
179,180,03
4.06 € 
309,329,42
8.43 €
173,618,09
4.13 €
308,901,58
6.90 €
306,676,81
0.93 €
130,577,23
5.90 € 
26,183,90
1.83 €
16 
25/01/2
025 
5,586,206,96
4.19 € 
382,818,04
5.87 € 
431,979,76
8.64 € 
767,120,84
1.77 € 
643,391,67
3.74 € 
531,045,58
9.17 € 
247,458,33
6.05 € 
393,046,32
3.77 € 
41,243,05
6.01 € 
477,264,64
4.14 € 
288,041,50
3.17 € 
172,725,91
8.57 € 
298,187,29
4.94 € 
167,364,32
1.28 € 
297,774,86
4.38 € 
295,630,22
5.47 € 
125,873,80
6.94 € 
25,240,75
0.28 € 
17 
25/02/2
025 
5,393,531,23
9.07 € 
369,614,14
1.14 € 
417,080,21
0.55 € 
740,661,82
1.29 € 
621,200,23
7.21 € 
512,729,11
8.87 € 
238,923,16
8.16 € 
379,489,63
2.09 € 
39,820,52
8.03 € 
460,803,15
0.32 € 
278,106,56
7.74 € 
166,768,37
1.37 € 
287,902,41
7.63 € 
161,591,70
2.73 € 
287,504,21
2.35 € 
285,433,54
4.89 € 
121,532,25
1.54 € 
24,370,16
3.15 € 
18 
25/03/2
025 
5,202,609,47
8.46 € 
356,530,43
4.11 € 
402,316,28
6.03 € 
714,443,66
2.41 € 
599,210,81
3.64 € 
494,579,38
6.95 € 
230,465,69
7.55 € 
366,056,34
9.61 € 
38,410,94
9.59 € 
444,491,50
8.68 € 
268,262,07
1.95 € 
160,865,05
6.89 € 
277,711,16
5.55 € 
155,871,63
3.44 € 
277,327,05
6.06 € 
275,329,68
6.68 € 
117,230,21
8.16 € 
23,507,50
1.15 € 
19 
25/04/2
025 
4,981,087,51
1.90 € 
341,349,72
0.81 € 
385,186,05
6.43 € 
684,023,35
7.81 € 
573,697,00
9.77 € 
473,520,68
5.76 € 
220,652,69
6.07 € 
350,470,03
2.25 € 
36,775,44
9.34 € 
425,565,49
9.81 € 
256,839,73
8.22 € 
154,015,58
1.85 € 
265,886,49
8.76 € 
149,234,77
3.44 € 
265,518,74
4.27 € 
263,606,42
0.90 € 
112,238,67
1.40 € 
22,506,57
5.00 € 
20 
25/05/2
025
4,784,765,87
9.88 €
327,895,96
5.16 €
370,004,56
1.42 €
657,063,66
6.45 €
551,085,65
5.73 €
454,857,62
2.00 €
211,956,02
1.44 €
336,656,81
4.05 € 
35,326,00
3.57 € 
408,792,51
3.34 €
246,716,80
8.95 € 
147,945,30
2.96 € 
255,407,00
5.83 €
143,352,92
2.50 €
255,053,74
5.79 €
253,216,79
3.61 €
107,814,96
2.90 € 
21,619,51
4.19 €
21 
25/06/2
025
4,533,273,27
9.66 €
310,661,38
9.64 €
350,556,71
1.39 €
622,527,67
1.56 €
522,119,98
2.60 €
430,949,80
1.02 €
200,815,37
7.92 €
318,961,75
8.60 € 
33,469,22
9.65 € 
387,305,92
5.55 €
233,749,09
9.90 € 
140,169,13
3.79 € 
241,982,53
0.40 €
135,818,13
3.93 €
241,647,83
8.10 €
239,907,43
8.16 €
102,148,08
8.90 € 
20,483,16
8.55 €
22 
25/07/2
025
4,277,144,16
0.77 €
293,109,07
7.42 €
330,750,32
0.72 €
587,354,97
0.91 €
492,620,29
8.19 €
406,601,21
5.35 €
189,469,34
5.46 €
300,940,47
7.03 € 
31,578,22
4.24 € 
365,423,21
0.94 €
220,542,31
8.11 € 
132,249,60
3.13 € 
228,310,56
1.27 €
128,144,43
3.98 €
227,994,77
9.03 €
226,352,71
1.37 €
96,376,740.
39 € 
19,325,87
3.24 €
23 
25/08/2
025 
4,018,413,22
0.29 € 
275,378,46
4.56 € 
310,742,73
1.93 € 
551,824,97
7.46 € 
462,820,94
8.84 € 
382,005,29
0.85 € 
178,008,05
7.25 € 
282,736,13
0.93 € 
29,668,00
9.54 € 
343,318,20
6.41 € 
207,201,37
8.63 € 
124,249,62
3.96 € 
214,499,70
8.98 € 
120,392,78
2.72 € 
214,203,02
8.89 € 
212,660,29
2.39 € 
90,546,765.
12 € 
18,156,82
1.84 € 
24 
25/09/2
025 
3,783,697,71
7.71 € 
259,293,60
9.38 € 
292,592,25
0.01 € 
519,592,88
2.40 € 
435,787,57
8.79 € 
359,692,36
3.11 € 
167,610,60
7.23 € 
266,221,51
4.48 € 
27,935,10
1.20 € 
323,264,99
1.14 € 
195,098,74
6.81 € 
116,992,20
3.84 € 
201,970,78
1.71 € 
113,360,64
0.69 € 
201,691,43
0.69 € 
200,238,80
5.43 € 
85,257,928.
88 € 
17,096,28
1.94 € 
25 
25/10/2
025 
3,563,329,53
6.61 € 
244,191,96
4.02 € 
275,551,24
2.31 € 
489,331,02
0.34 € 
410,406,66
2.22 € 
338,743,34
5.05 € 
157,848,71
6.24 € 
250,716,37
7.63 € 
26,308,11
9.37 € 
304,437,55
7.39 € 
183,735,90
5.70 € 
110,178,40
3.93 € 
190,207,70
3.07 € 
106,758,34
8.42 € 
189,944,62
1.87 € 
188,576,59
9.67 € 
80,292,380.
33 € 
16,100,56
9.06 €

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
 
 
26 
25/11/2
025
3,334,289,60
4.32 €
228,496,05
0.88 €
257,839,65
0.60 €
457,878,31
7.86 €
384,026,97
6.27 €
316,969,95
8.10 €
147,702,68
3.18 €
234,601,09
5.12 € 
24,617,11
3.86 € 
284,869,24
1.63 €
171,925,92
3.22 € 
103,096,47
2.86 € 
177,981,73
3.23 €
99,896,248.
06 € 
177,735,56
2.09 €
176,455,47
2.17 €
75,131,431.
51 € 
15,065,67
3.68 €
27 
25/12/2
025 
3,058,799,63
7.44 € 
209,616,95
6.09 € 
236,536,09
1.15 € 
420,046,90
6.19 € 
352,297,40
5.19 € 
290,780,85
8.29 € 
135,499,00
2.00 € 
215,217,58
1.51 € 
22,583,16
7.00 € 
261,332,40
8.52 € 
157,720,83
8.33 € 
94,578,303.
39 € 
163,276,29
7.41 € 
91,642,491.
68 € 
163,050,46
5.74 € 
161,876,14
1.05 € 
68,923,825.
68 € 
13,820,89
8.20 € 
28 
25/01/2
026 
2,796,813,87
0.82 € 
191,663,29
2.74 € 
216,276,80
7.61 € 
384,069,94
6.67 € 
322,123,18
1.08 € 
265,875,51
7.92 € 
123,893,53
1.19 € 
196,784,22
5.37 € 
20,648,92
1.86 € 
238,949,32
3.81 € 
144,212,07
0.30 € 
86,477,684.
77 € 
149,291,70
5.08 € 
83,793,324.
92 € 
149,085,21
5.86 € 
148,011,47
1.92 € 
63,020,509.
53 € 
12,637,14
0.18 € 
29 
25/02/2
026 
2,578,751,37
0.65 € 
176,719,65
3.75 € 
199,414,09
7.55 € 
354,124,71
0.17 € 
297,007,82
1.43 € 
245,145,68
6.46 € 
114,233,77
7.47 € 
181,441,31
6.56 € 
19,038,96
2.91 € 
220,318,87
8.82 € 
132,968,11
6.98 € 
79,735,176.
68 € 
137,651,70
1.86 € 
77,260,111.
50 € 
137,461,31
2.23 € 
136,471,28
6.16 € 
58,106,914.
81 € 
11,651,84
5.30 € 
30 
25/03/2
026
2,366,356,16
6.09 €
162,164,38
9.75 €
182,989,63
7.82 €
324,957,72
9.94 €
272,545,19
2.85 €
224,954,60
9.18 €
104,825,07
4.17 €
166,497,15
9.48 € 
17,470,84
5.70 € 
202,172,62
6.39 €
122,016,38
6.34 € 
73,167,901.
77 €
126,314,21
4.38 €
70,896,691.
83 € 
126,139,50
5.92 €
125,231,02
1.95 €
53,321,021.
06 € 
10,692,15
7.57 €
31 
25/04/2
026
2,131,232,07
9.24 €
146,051,53
4.63 €
164,807,56
0.19 €
292,669,52
6.41 €
245,464,76
4.08 €
202,602,83
9.89 €
94,409,524.
65 €
149,953,79
4.98 € 
15,734,92
0.77 € 
182,084,50
3.20 €
109,892,68
6.69 € 
65,897,848.
20 €
113,763,47
7.20 €
63,852,308.
50 € 
113,606,12
7.99 €
112,787,91
2.11 €
48,022,978.
20 € 
9,629,771.
51 €
32 
25/05/2
026
1,930,140,96
6.18 €
132,270,93
0.47 €
149,257,24
2.59 €
265,054,87
0.36 €
222,304,08
4.82 €
183,486,37
1.55 €
85,501,571.
08 €
135,804,99
5.41 € 
14,250,26
1.85 € 
164,904,03
0.10 €
99,523,828.
74 €
59,680,096.
62 €
103,029,39
3.16 €
57,827,562.
58 € 
102,886,89
0.54 €
102,145,87
6.92 €
43,491,799.
16 € 
8,721,160.
25 €
33 
25/06/2
026 
1,684,825,24
1.38 € 
115,459,65
1.01 € 
130,287,04
8.55 € 
231,367,10
9.33 € 
194,049,83
3.63 € 
160,165,74
7.29 € 
74,634,551.
40 € 
118,544,54
5.80 € 
12,439,09
1.90 € 
143,945,17
1.46 € 
86,874,617.
82 € 
52,094,916.
87 € 
89,934,634.
43 € 
50,477,834.
93 € 
89,810,243.
51 € 
89,163,410.
73 € 
37,964,108.
48 € 
7,612,724.
24 € 
34 
25/07/2
026 
1,451,820,66
1.51 € 
99,492,043.
92 € 
112,268,87
1.79 € 
199,369,96
5.18 € 
167,213,51
9.19 € 
138,015,46
6.22 € 
64,312,891.
99 € 
102,150,31
0.12 € 
10,718,81
5.33 € 
124,038,13
1.03 € 
74,860,206.
28 € 
44,890,398.
61 € 
77,497,034.
85 € 
43,496,952.
62 € 
77,389,846.
70 € 
76,832,468.
30 € 
32,713,824.
39 € 
6,559,914.
98 € 
35 
25/08/2
026 
1,221,868,38
3.00 € 
83,733,608.
46 € 
94,486,728.
61 € 
167,791,97
5.57 € 
140,728,75
3.71 € 
116,155,34
8.25 € 
54,126,443.
73 € 
85,970,834.
80 € 
9,021,073.
96 € 
104,391,86
7.81 € 
63,003,180.
51 € 
37,780,257.
73 € 
65,222,364.
70 € 
36,607,518.
11 € 
65,132,153.
96 € 
64,663,058.
11 € 
27,532,317.
71 € 
5,520,897.
26 € 
36 
25/09/2
026
1,114,790,60
5.17 €
76,395,658.
77 € 
86,206,435.
03 €
153,087,61
6.14 €
128,396,06
5.15 €
105,976,13
6.85 €
49,383,101.
98 €
78,436,826.
98 €
8,230,517.
00 € 
95,243,542.
69 €
57,481,930.
71 €
34,469,405.
18 €
59,506,637.
89 €
33,399,437.
97 € 
59,424,332.
72 € 
58,996,345.
83 € 
25,119,537.
87 € 
5,037,076.
40 €
37 
25/10/2
026
1,014,666,46
7.40 €
69,534,236.
16 € 
78,463,864.
42 €
139,338,15
9.07 €
116,864,26
2.45 €
96,457,964.
31 €
44,947,793.
25 €
71,392,078.
28 €
7,491,298.
87 € 
86,689,310.
58 €
52,319,231.
34 €
31,373,559.
69 €
54,162,090.
87 €
30,399,690.
83 € 
54,087,177.
88 € 
53,697,630.
33 € 
22,863,444.
17 € 
4,584,674.
91 €
38 
25/11/2
026
908,954,987.
70 €
62,289,917.
72 € 
70,289,226.
27 €
124,821,42
5.30 €
104,688,93
7.35 €
86,408,638.
29 €
40,264,975.
90 €
63,954,203.
39 €
6,710,829.
32 € 
77,657,716.
86 €
46,868,431.
95 €
28,104,953.
18 €
48,519,295.
96 €
27,232,545.
37 € 
48,452,187.
67 € 
48,103,224.
55 € 
20,481,451.
08 € 
4,107,027.
54 €
39 
25/12/2
026
794,883,091.
21 €
54,472,666.
99 € 
61,468,079.
51 €
109,156,60
4.82 €
91,550,700.
82 €
75,564,539.
98 €
35,211,808.
01 €
55,928,088.
38 €
5,868,634.
67 € 
67,911,840.
38 €
40,986,544.
52 €
24,577,841.
99 €
42,430,228.
65 €
23,814,919.
48 € 
42,371,542.
30 € 
42,066,373.
30 € 
17,911,073.
01 € 
3,591,604.
42 €
40 
25/01/2
027 
684,758,686.
99 € 
46,925,934.
56 € 
52,952,191.
19 € 
94,033,870.
16 € 
78,867,116.
91 € 
65,095,704.
96 € 
30,333,506.
50 € 
48,179,719.
50 € 
5,055,584.
42 € 
58,503,222.
88 € 
35,308,201.
57 € 
21,172,787.
54 € 
36,551,875.
34 € 
20,515,561.
57 € 
36,501,319.
49 € 
36,238,429.
10 € 
15,429,643.
64 € 
3,094,017.
66 € 
41 
25/02/2
027 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
42 
25/03/2
027 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
43 
25/04/2
027
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
44 
25/05/2
027
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
45 
25/06/2
027
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
46 
25/07/2
027 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
47 
25/08/2
027 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
48 
25/09/2
027 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
49 
25/10/2
027
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
50 
25/11/2
027
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
51 
25/12/2
027
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
 
 
The amortisation of the Notes is subject to factors largely outside the control of the Issuer and consequently no assurance can be given that the assumptions and the estimates 
above will prove in any way to be realistic and they must therefore be viewed with considerable caution.

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
 
 
Assumed Amortisation of the Class B Notes 
This amortisation scenario is based on the assumptions listed under "Weighted Average Lives of the Notes" above and on a CPR of 2 per cent.: 
 
Perio
d 
Payment 
Date 
Note Balance 
Class B total 
Series B 
2015-1 
Series B 
2015-3 
Series B 
2016-1 
Series B 
2016-3 
Series B 
2017-1 
Series B 
2018-1 
Series B 
2018-2 
Series B 
2019-1 
Series B 
2020-1 
Series B 
2020-2 
Series B 
2021-1 
Series B 
2023-1 
0
25/09/202
3
1,360,300,000.0
0 € 
110,900,000.0
0 €
238,500,000.0
0 € 
79,600,000.0
0 €
443,100,000.0
0 €
94,400,000.0
0 €
83,000,000.0
0 €
50,000,000.0
0 €
56,900,000.0
0 € 
43,300,000.0
0 €
95,000,000.0
0 €
53,200,000.0
0 €
12,400,000.0
0 € 
1
25/10/202
3
1,360,300,000.0
0 € 
110,900,000.0
0 €
238,500,000.0
0 € 
79,600,000.0
0 €
443,100,000.0
0 €
94,400,000.0
0 €
83,000,000.0
0 €
50,000,000.0
0 €
56,900,000.0
0 € 
43,300,000.0
0 €
95,000,000.0
0 €
53,200,000.0
0 €
12,400,000.0
0 € 
2
25/11/202
3
1,360,300,000.0
0 € 
110,900,000.0
0 €
238,500,000.0
0 € 
79,600,000.0
0 €
443,100,000.0
0 €
94,400,000.0
0 €
83,000,000.0
0 €
50,000,000.0
0 €
56,900,000.0
0 € 
43,300,000.0
0 €
95,000,000.0
0 €
53,200,000.0
0 €
12,400,000.0
0 € 
3
25/12/202
3
1,360,300,000.0
0 € 
110,900,000.0
0 €
238,500,000.0
0 € 
79,600,000.0
0 €
443,100,000.0
0 €
94,400,000.0
0 €
83,000,000.0
0 €
50,000,000.0
0 €
56,900,000.0
0 € 
43,300,000.0
0 €
95,000,000.0
0 €
53,200,000.0
0 €
12,400,000.0
0 € 
4
25/01/202
4
1,360,300,000.0
0 € 
110,900,000.0
0 €
238,500,000.0
0 € 
79,600,000.0
0 €
443,100,000.0
0 €
94,400,000.0
0 €
83,000,000.0
0 €
50,000,000.0
0 €
56,900,000.0
0 € 
43,300,000.0
0 €
95,000,000.0
0 €
53,200,000.0
0 €
12,400,000.0
0 € 
5 
25/02/202
4 
1,360,300,000.0
0 € 
110,900,000.0
0 € 
238,500,000.0
0 € 
79,600,000.0
0 € 
443,100,000.0
0 € 
94,400,000.0
0 € 
83,000,000.0
0 € 
50,000,000.0
0 € 
56,900,000.0
0 € 
43,300,000.0
0 € 
95,000,000.0
0 € 
53,200,000.0
0 € 
12,400,000.0
0 € 
6
25/03/202
4
1,360,300,000.0
0 € 
110,900,000.0
0 €
238,500,000.0
0 € 
79,600,000.0
0 €
443,100,000.0
0 €
94,400,000.0
0 €
83,000,000.0
0 €
50,000,000.0
0 €
56,900,000.0
0 € 
43,300,000.0
0 €
95,000,000.0
0 €
53,200,000.0
0 €
12,400,000.0
0 € 
7
25/04/202
4
1,360,300,000.0
0 € 
110,900,000.0
0 €
238,500,000.0
0 € 
79,600,000.0
0 €
443,100,000.0
0 €
94,400,000.0
0 €
83,000,000.0
0 €
50,000,000.0
0 €
56,900,000.0
0 € 
43,300,000.0
0 €
95,000,000.0
0 €
53,200,000.0
0 €
12,400,000.0
0 € 
8 
25/05/202
4 
1,360,300,000.0
0 € 
110,900,000.0
0 € 
238,500,000.0
0 € 
79,600,000.0
0 € 
443,100,000.0
0 € 
94,400,000.0
0 € 
83,000,000.0
0 € 
50,000,000.0
0 € 
56,900,000.0
0 € 
43,300,000.0
0 € 
95,000,000.0
0 € 
53,200,000.0
0 € 
12,400,000.0
0 € 
9
25/06/202
4
1,360,300,000.0
0 € 
110,900,000.0
0 €
238,500,000.0
0 € 
79,600,000.0
0 €
443,100,000.0
0 €
94,400,000.0
0 €
83,000,000.0
0 €
50,000,000.0
0 €
56,900,000.0
0 € 
43,300,000.0
0 €
95,000,000.0
0 €
53,200,000.0
0 €
12,400,000.0
0 € 
10
25/07/202
4
1,360,300,000.0
0 € 
110,900,000.0
0 €
238,500,000.0
0 € 
79,600,000.0
0 €
443,100,000.0
0 €
94,400,000.0
0 €
83,000,000.0
0 €
50,000,000.0
0 €
56,900,000.0
0 € 
43,300,000.0
0 €
95,000,000.0
0 €
53,200,000.0
0 €
12,400,000.0
0 € 
11
25/08/202
4
1,360,300,000.0
0 € 
110,900,000.0
0 €
238,500,000.0
0 € 
79,600,000.0
0 €
443,100,000.0
0 €
94,400,000.0
0 €
83,000,000.0
0 €
50,000,000.0
0 €
56,900,000.0
0 € 
43,300,000.0
0 €
95,000,000.0
0 €
53,200,000.0
0 €
12,400,000.0
0 € 
12
25/09/202
4
1,360,300,000.0
0 € 
110,900,000.0
0 €
238,500,000.0
0 € 
79,600,000.0
0 €
443,100,000.0
0 €
94,400,000.0
0 €
83,000,000.0
0 €
50,000,000.0
0 €
56,900,000.0
0 € 
43,300,000.0
0 €
95,000,000.0
0 €
53,200,000.0
0 €
12,400,000.0
0 € 
13
25/10/202
4
1,360,300,000.0
0 € 
110,900,000.0
0 €
238,500,000.0
0 € 
79,600,000.0
0 €
443,100,000.0
0 €
94,400,000.0
0 €
83,000,000.0
0 €
50,000,000.0
0 €
56,900,000.0
0 € 
43,300,000.0
0 €
95,000,000.0
0 €
53,200,000.0
0 €
12,400,000.0
0 € 
14
25/11/202
4
1,360,300,000.0
0 € 
110,900,000.0
0 €
238,500,000.0
0 € 
79,600,000.0
0 €
443,100,000.0
0 €
94,400,000.0
0 €
83,000,000.0
0 €
50,000,000.0
0 €
56,900,000.0
0 € 
43,300,000.0
0 €
95,000,000.0
0 €
53,200,000.0
0 €
12,400,000.0
0 € 
15
25/12/202
4
1,360,300,000.0
0 € 
110,900,000.0
0 €
238,500,000.0
0 € 
79,600,000.0
0 €
443,100,000.0
0 €
94,400,000.0
0 €
83,000,000.0
0 €
50,000,000.0
0 €
56,900,000.0
0 € 
43,300,000.0
0 €
95,000,000.0
0 €
53,200,000.0
0 €
12,400,000.0
0 € 
16
25/01/202
5
1,360,300,000.0
0 € 
110,900,000.0
0 €
238,500,000.0
0 € 
79,600,000.0
0 €
443,100,000.0
0 €
94,400,000.0
0 €
83,000,000.0
0 €
50,000,000.0
0 €
56,900,000.0
0 € 
43,300,000.0
0 €
95,000,000.0
0 €
53,200,000.0
0 €
12,400,000.0
0 € 
17
25/02/202
5
1,320,864,793.2
4 € 
107,685,000.0
5 €
231,585,865.7
6 € 
77,292,389.5
8 €
430,254,495.2
5 €
91,663,336.3
8 €
80,593,823.3
0 €
48,550,495.9
7 €
55,250,464.4
1 € 
42,044,729.5
1 €
92,245,942.3
3 €
51,657,727.7
1 €
12,040,523.0
0 € 
18
25/03/202
5
1,274,108,443.7
0 € 
103,873,135.6
4 €
223,388,123.0
8 € 
74,556,371.4
8 €
415,024,223.6
3 €
88,418,611.4
0 €
77,740,940.1
1 €
46,831,891.6
3 €
53,294,692.6
8 € 
40,556,418.1
5 €
88,980,594.1
0 €
49,829,132.7
0 €
11,614,309.1
2 € 
19
25/04/202
5
1,219,858,166.1
8 € 
99,450,320.25 
€ 
213,876,477.7
1 € 
71,381,834.9
1 €
397,352,902.6
2 €
84,653,834.3
7 €
74,430,807.7
6 €
44,837,836.0
0 €
51,025,457.3
7 € 
38,829,565.9
7 €
85,191,888.4
0 €
47,707,457.5
0 €
11,119,783.3
3 € 
20
25/05/202
5
1,171,779,399.1
6 € 
95,530,644.24 
€ 
205,446,876.9
4 € 
68,568,433.5
6 €
381,691,870.7
4 €
81,317,338.2
9 €
71,497,236.0
0 €
43,070,624.1
0 €
49,014,370.2
2 € 
37,299,160.4
7 €
81,834,185.7
8 €
45,827,144.0
4 €
10,681,514.7
8 € 
21
25/06/202
5
1,110,189,374.6
1 € 
90,509,447.65 
€ 
194,648,361.2
8 € 
64,964,400.6
6 €
361,629,722.7
7 €
77,043,208.8
2 €
67,739,262.0
0 €
40,806,784.3
3 €
46,438,120.5
7 € 
35,338,675.2
3 €
77,532,890.2
4 €
43,418,418.5
3 €
10,120,082.5
2 €

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
 
 
22
25/07/202
5
1,047,463,876.1
1 € 
85,395,680.26 
€ 
183,650,764.1
3 € 
61,293,923.7
9 €
341,197,708.9
6 €
72,690,281.4
9 €
63,912,005.9
7 €
38,501,208.4
1 €
43,814,375.1
7 € 
33,342,046.4
9 €
73,152,295.9
9 €
40,965,285.7
5 €
9,548,299.69 
€
23
25/08/202
5
984,101,196.81 
€ 
80,229,965.98 
€ 
172,541,450.7
4 € 
57,586,161.3
4 €
320,558,141.8
1 €
68,293,136.0
6 €
60,045,871.7
5 €
36,172,211.8
9 €
41,163,977.1
4 € 
31,325,135.5
0 €
68,727,202.6
0 €
38,487,233.4
6 €
8,970,708.55 
€
24
25/09/202
5
926,619,849.23 
€ 
75,543,733.94 
€ 
162,463,305.1
8 € 
54,222,553.8
5 €
301,834,341.8
3 €
64,304,134.2
1 €
56,538,592.5
8 €
34,059,393.1
2 €
38,759,589.3
7 € 
29,495,434.4
4 €
64,712,846.9
3 €
36,239,194.2
8 €
8,446,729.49 
€
25 
25/10/202
5 
872,652,131.41 
€ 
71,143,954.55 
€ 
153,001,200.7
2 € 
51,064,551.6
9 € 
284,255,060.9
6 € 
60,558,965.8
2 € 
53,245,700.8
8 € 
32,075,723.4
2 € 
36,502,173.2
5 € 
27,777,576.4
8 € 
60,943,874.5
0 € 
34,128,569.7
2 € 
7,954,779.41 
€ 
26
25/11/202
5
816,560,719.42 
€ 
66,571,038.58 
€ 
143,166,751.1
5 € 
47,782,278.3
7 €
265,984,014.3
9 €
56,666,420.5
8 €
49,823,229.9
6 €
30,013,993.9
5 €
34,155,925.1
2 € 
25,992,118.7
6 €
57,026,588.5
1 €
31,934,889.5
6 €
7,443,470.50 
€
27
25/12/202
5
749,093,788.76 
€ 
61,070,720.56 
€ 
131,337,843.5
8 € 
43,834,349.4
7 €
244,007,540.8
4 €
51,984,454.6
5 €
45,706,670.9
3 €
27,534,139.1
1 €
31,333,850.3
1 € 
23,844,564.4
7 €
52,314,864.3
2 €
29,296,324.0
2 €
6,828,466.50 
€
28 
25/01/202
6 
684,934,009.18 
€ 
55,840,021.77 
€ 
120,088,775.4
1 € 
40,079,943.4
9 € 
223,108,328.6
5 € 
47,531,993.2
9 € 
41,791,900.8
8 € 
25,175,843.9
0 € 
28,650,110.3
6 € 
21,802,280.8
2 € 
47,834,103.4
1 € 
26,787,097.9
1 € 
6,243,609.29 
€ 
29
25/02/202
6
631,530,947.91 
€ 
51,486,276.65 
€ 
110,725,671.6
0 € 
36,954,983.0
6 €
205,712,977.3
0 €
43,826,010.0
6 €
38,533,462.2
3 €
23,212,929.0
6 €
26,416,313.2
7 € 
20,102,396.5
6 €
44,104,565.2
1 €
24,698,556.5
2 €
5,756,806.41 
€
30
25/03/202
6
579,515,795.78 
€ 
47,245,682.39 
€ 
101,605,908.4
7 € 
33,911,238.2
1 €
188,769,719.2
6 €
40,216,342.8
1 €
35,359,708.1
9 €
21,301,029.0
3 €
24,240,571.0
4 € 
18,446,691.1
4 €
40,471,955.1
6 €
22,664,294.8
9 €
5,282,655.20 
€
31 
25/04/202
6 
521,934,386.75 
€ 
42,551,292.72 
€ 
91,510,219.25 
€ 
30,541,775.4
8 € 
170,013,325.5
7 € 
36,220,397.0
5 € 
31,846,323.6
8 € 
19,184,532.3
4 € 
21,831,997.8
0 € 
16,613,805.0
0 € 
36,450,611.4
4 € 
20,412,342.4
1 € 
4,757,764.02 
€ 
32
25/05/202
6
472,687,583.55 
€ 
38,536,391.25 
€ 
82,875,827.89 
€
27,660,024.7
4 €
153,971,821.1
2 €
32,802,843.4
1 €
28,841,483.0
8 €
17,374,387.4
0 €
19,772,052.8
6 € 
15,046,219.4
9 €
33,011,336.0
6 €
18,486,348.1
9 €
4,308,848.07 
€
33
25/06/202
6
412,610,263.20 
€ 
33,638,519.58 
€ 
72,342,533.10 
€
24,144,510.0
0 €
134,402,416.8
4 €
28,633,690.2
5 €
25,175,808.1
6 €
15,166,149.5
0 €
17,259,078.1
3 € 
13,133,885.4
6 €
28,815,684.0
4 €
16,136,783.0
6 €
3,761,205.08 
€
34
25/07/202
6
355,547,917.10 
€ 
28,986,447.11 
€ 
62,337,850.64 
€
20,805,421.0
1 €
115,815,101.1
3 €
24,673,765.6
2 €
21,694,094.7
7 €
13,068,731.7
9 €
14,872,216.7
8 € 
11,317,521.7
3 €
24,830,590.4
0 €
13,905,130.6
3 €
3,241,045.48 
€
35
25/08/202
6
299,233,073.39 
€ 
24,395,315.62 
€ 
52,464,227.01 
€
17,510,073.2
5 €
97,471,274.58 
€
20,765,715.0
1 €
18,257,990.9
5 €
10,998,789.7
3 €
12,516,622.7
1 € 
9,524,951.91 
€ 
20,897,700.4
9 €
11,702,712.2
7 €
2,727,699.85 
€
36
25/09/202
6
273,009,944.12 
€ 
22,257,445.27 
€ 
47,866,552.73 
€
15,975,587.4
1 €
88,929,431.92 
€
18,945,922.7
6 €
16,657,961.7
5 €
10,034,916.7
1 €
11,419,735.2
2 € 
8,690,237.87 
€ 
19,066,341.7
6 €
10,677,151.3
8 €
2,488,659.35 
€
37
25/10/202
6
248,489,747.12 
€ 
20,258,408.41 
€ 
43,567,451.80 
€
14,540,751.2
1 €
80,942,297.25 
€
17,244,307.9
7 €
15,161,838.5
7 €
9,133,637.69 
€ 
10,394,079.7
0 € 
7,909,730.24 
€ 
17,353,911.6
2 €
9,718,190.51 
€
2,265,142.15 
€
38
25/11/202
6
222,601,221.48 
€ 
18,147,817.00 
€ 
39,028,443.23 
€
13,025,845.2
0 €
72,509,447.35 
€
15,447,736.0
2 €
13,582,225.5
3 €
8,182,063.57 
€ 
9,311,188.34 
€ 
7,085,667.05 
€ 
15,545,920.7
8 €
8,705,715.64 
€
2,029,151.77 
€
39
25/12/202
6
194,665,246.83 
€ 
15,870,304.99 
€ 
34,130,457.52 
€
11,391,129.6
4 €
63,409,667.62 
€
13,509,078.3
7 €
11,877,685.4
3 €
7,155,232.19 
€ 
8,142,654.23 
€ 
6,196,431.07 
€ 
13,594,941.1
5 €
7,613,167.04 
€
1,774,497.58 
€
40
25/01/202
7
167,696,004.98 
€ 
13,671,606.96 
€ 
29,401,968.09 
€
9,812,983.90 
€
54,624,788.51 
€
11,637,508.5
4 €
10,232,131.4
5 €
6,163,934.61 
€ 
7,014,557.59 
€ 
5,337,967.37 
€ 
11,711,475.7
6 €
6,558,426.42 
€
1,528,655.78 
€
41
25/02/202
7
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
42
25/03/202
7
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
43
25/04/202
7
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
44
25/05/202
7
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
45
25/06/202
7
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
46
25/07/202
7
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
47
25/08/202
7
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
48
25/09/202
7
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 €

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
 
 
49
25/10/202
7
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
50
25/11/202
7
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
51
25/12/202
7
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
 
 
The amortisation of the Notes is subject to factors largely outside the control of the Issuer and consequently no assurance can be given that the assumptions and the estimates 
above will prove in any way to be realistic and they must therefore be viewed with considerable caution.

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
 
 
Additional Rights 
Settlement and Reduction 
In order to reimburse the Issuer, VWL pays the Settlement Amount, in respect of any Purchased Expectancy 
Right to a Leased Vehicle for which the respective Lessee legitimately terminates, revokes or invalidates the 
Lease Contract, or asserts a right to refuse performance or to performance by set-off, on the immediately 
following Payment Date. The Settlement Amount shall be paid by VWL to the Issuer acting with respect to its 
Compartment 2 in case of a reduction of the Purchased Expectancy Right (each being a "Settlement"). The 
Settlement Amount shall be due immediately. VWL shall be entitled to set-off payment of the Settlement 
Amount with other amounts owed to it under the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement or any other 
Programme Document.  
As long as VWL remains appointed as Servicer, VWL is entitled to materially alter any Lease Contract by 
termination or alteration of the respective Lease Contract if such termination or alteration is based on grounds 
other than the deterioration of the credit-worthiness of the relevant Lessee as determined in accordance with 
VWL’s customary practices in place from time to time. After an alteration of a Lease Contract has taken place 
the Issuer or VWL shall be obliged to indemnify the other party for any changes in the corresponding 
Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance by means of a Compensation Payment. Any Compensation Payment 
shall be made by the Issuer or VWL, as applicable, by no later than the next Payment Date. Compensation 
Payments due by VWL or the Issuer, as applicable, may be netted. VWL shall notify the Issuer of the 
Compensation Payments on an aggregated basis in the Monthly Investor Report issued for the Monthly Period 
in which such modification occurred. The right to alter Lease Contracts may only be exercised for instalments 
not yet due under the respective Lease Contract and the related Purchased Expectancy Rights. 
The Settlement Amount to be paid in the case of a Clean-Up Call (the "Clean-Up Call Settlement Amount") 
which could be exercised on any Payment Date when the Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance 
on a Payment Date is less than 10 per cent. of the sum of the Maximum Discounted Expectancy Rights 
Balance, provided that all payment obligations under the Notes will be thereby fulfilled, means the lesser of 
(i) an amount equal to the outstanding Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance which would have become 
due if the Clean-Up Call had not occurred, calculated as at the last calendar day of the month in which the 
repurchase is to become effective and (ii) an amount equal to the theoretical present value of each Purchased 
Expectancy Right remaining to be paid in the future, calculated using Expectancy Rights Discount Rate on 
the basis of one year of 360 days being equivalent to 12 months, each month consisting of 30 days equal to 
(i) the weighted average (calculated based on the outstanding principal amount of Notes and the outstanding 
principal amount of the Subordinated Loan on the end of the Monthly Period) of the Class A Swap Fixed Rate, 
the Class B Swap Fixed Rate and an estimate of the hypothetical swap fixed rate (being higher than the fixed 
rate under both Swap Agreements) theoretically needed to swap the floating rate interest payments under 
the Subordinated Loan, plus (ii) the Servicer Fee at a rate of 1 per cent. per annum, and plus (iii) 0.03 per 
cent. for administrative costs and fees. It shall be calculated as at the last calendar day of the month in which 
the repurchase is to become effective 
For the purposes of calculating the Clean-Up Call Settlement Amount, the risk of losses inherent to the 
relevant Purchased Expectancy Rights shall be taken into account on the basis of the risk status of such 
Purchased Expectancy Rights assessed by VWL immediately prior to the repurchase becoming effective. 
Enforcement and Sale of Expectancy Rights and Leased Vehicles 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee has been appointed to exclusively hold, inter alia, the Purchased Expectancy 
Rights. The Expectancy Rights Trustee herewith authorises the Issuer or the Relevant Security Trustee, as 
the case may be, to sell or enforce or to have sold or enforced, to administer and to do such other acts as are 
necessary in connection with the holding, administration and realisation of such Purchased Expectancy Rights 
assigned to the Expectancy Rights Trustee. 
The Leased Vehicles relating to the Purchased Expectancy Rights which have been transferred for security 
purposes to the Expectancy Rights Trustee shall, following expiry or termination of the underlying Lease 
Contract, be sold by the Issuer or enforced by the Expectancy Rights Trustee, as follows: 
(a) 
Prior to the occurrence of a Servicer Insolvency Event, the Issuer or the Expectancy Rights Trustee, 
as applicable, shall sell the Leased Vehicles either in accordance with the terms of the Repurchase

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
 
 
Agreement or by other means and the Relevant Security Trustee consents to such sale. The Issuer's 
portion of the Vehicle Sale Amount or the Repurchase Price, as applicable, shall be an amount equal 
to the present value of the Purchased Expectancy Right under such Lease Contract. 
In case of excess payments over the respective sale proceeds, such excess payments shall, provided 
that all amounts due to the Relevant Lease Receivables Purchaser under the Relevant Receivables 
Purchase Agreement in the context of the Purchased Lease Receivables and all amounts due to the 
Issuer with respect to the Purchased Expectancy Rights have been paid, be paid to VWL.  
(b) 
Following the occurrence of a Servicer Insolvency Event, the Relevant Security Trustee and the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee shall be free to sell or have sold the Leased Vehicles to any third party. 
Proceeds resulting from such sale shall be allocated to the Issuer as follows: 
(i) 
if the Lease Contract relating to such Leased Vehicle has prematurely ended prior to the 
contractual lapse of contract (Ablauf der regulären, ursprünglich vereinbarten Leasingdauer) 
for any reason other than termination (Kündigung) by VWL, insolvency or death of the 
Lessee, the Issuer's portion shall be an amount equal to the present value of the Purchased 
Expectancy Right under such Lease Contract; or  
(ii) 
if the Lease Contract has prematurely ended prior to the contractual lapse of contract (Ablauf 
der regulären, ursprünglich vereinbarten Leasingdauer) because of a termination 
(Kündigung) by VWL or insolvency or death of the Lessee, the Issuer's portion shall be an 
amount equal to such proceeds multiplied by a fraction expressed as a percentage  
(1) the numerator of which is the present value of the Leased Vehicle's residual value 
determined as of the originally scheduled contractual end date of the Lease Contract as 
assessed by a vehicle expert (Kraftfahrzeugsachverständiger) under such Lease 
Contract and the denominator of which is the sum of the present value of the Leased 
Vehicle’s residual value determined on the originally scheduled contractual end date of 
the Lease Contract as assessed by a vehicle expert (Kraftfahrzeugsachverständiger) 
and the present value of the remaining Purchased Lease Receivables under such Lease 
Contract; or 
(2) to the extent the present value of the Leased Vehicle’s residual value has not been 
assessed by a vehicle expert (Kraftfahrzeugsachverständiger), the numerator of which 
is the present value of the contractually agreed Leased Vehicle's residual value as 
specified in the respective Lease Contract and the denominator of which is the sum of 
the present value of the contractually agreed Leased Vehicle's residual value as 
specified in the respective Lease Contract and the present value of the remaining 
Purchased Lease Receivables under such Lease Contract. 
In case of excess payments over the respective sale proceeds, such excess payments shall, 
provided that all amounts due to the Relevant Lease Receivables Purchaser under the 
Relevant Receivables Purchase Agreement in the context of the related Purchased Lease 
Receivables and all amounts due to the Issuer with respect to the Purchased Expectancy 
Rights have been paid, be paid to VWL. 
(c) 
If the Lessee makes a combined payment on the lease receivable for all lease contracts that it has 
with VWL and does not instruct which payment needs to be allocated to which lease contract, then 
the allocation between the Purchased Lease Receivables and the other lease receivables still held 
by VWL or third parties shall be made by VWL after consulting the Lessee. The Lessee will then 
instruct VWL how to allocate this combined payment. In case this combined payment covers the total 
amount of all his respective monthly instalments, VWL will allocate the payment to each contract of 
the Lessee in accordance with the respective payment schedules for such lease contracts.  
Any proceeds allocated in accordance with clause 17.2 of the Trust Agreement on collected Purchased 
Expectancy Rights (which shall include, for the avoidance of doubt, also the relevant share of the Issuer 
allocated in accordance with clauses 17.2(a) and 17.2(b) of the Trust Agreement, as applicable) shall be 
credited by VWL to the Distribution Account.

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
 
 
Variation of Expectancy Rights Discount Rate 
The Expectancy Rights Discount Rate represents the Issuer’s costs of financing the Programme. The 
Expectancy Rights Discount Rate is calculated on the basis of (i) the expected weighted average (calculated 
based on the outstanding principal amount of the Notes and the outstanding principal amount of the 
Subordinated Loan at the end of the Monthly Period) of the fixed rates (stated as a percentage) payable by 
the Issuer under the Swap Agreements and an estimate of the hypothetical swap fixed rate (being higher than 
the fixed rate under the Swap Agreements) theoretically needed to swap the floating rate interest payments 
under the Subordinated Loan, plus (ii) the Servicer Fee at a rate of 1 per cent. per annum, plus (iii) 0.03 per 
cent. for administrative costs and fees plus (iv) an additional buffer to cover for potential interest rate increases 
and the components of the Expectancy Rights Discount Rate are not static for the lifetime of the Programme 
and will vary in connection with the extension of each Series Revolving Period Expiration Date.  
In order to ensure that the Expectancy Rights Discount Rate reflects the Issuer’s costs of financing the 
Programme the Issuer grants the Seller an option (the "Discount Rate Variation Option") to permit the Seller 
under the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement to vary the Expectancy Rights Discount Rate with respect 
to: 
(a) 
the Purchased Expectancy Rights included in the Portfolio; and 
(b) 
the Additional Expectancy Rights to be purchased during the Revolving Period. 
In exercising the Discount Rate Variation Option, the Seller shall calculate, with effect from the then current 
series revolving period expiration date applicable to the Notes which have not commenced amortisation: 
(a) 
the expected weighted average (calculated based on the outstanding principal amount of the Notes 
and the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated Loan at the end of the related Monthly 
Period) of the fixed rates (stated as a percentage) payable by the Issuer under the Swap Agreements 
and an estimate of the hypothetical swap fixed rate (being higher than the fixed rate under the Swap 
Agreements) theoretically needed to swap the floating rate interest payments under the Subordinated 
Loan; plus 
(b) 
the Servicer Fee at a rate of 1 per cent. per annum; plus 
(c) 
0.03 per cent. for administrative costs and fees; plus 
(d) 
an additional buffer to cover for potential interest rate increases, 
(the "New Expectancy Rights Discount Rate"). The New Expectancy Rights Discount Rate shall become 
the Expectancy Rights Discount Rate with effect on and from the relevant renewal date in relation to all the 
Purchased Expectancy Rights regardless of whether all Notes are revolving or in amortisation. 
The Seller acknowledges under the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement that in exercising the Discount 
Rate Variation Option, the Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance will change following the 
application of the New Expectancy Rights Discount Rate and this will impact the Class A Targeted Note 
Balance and the Class B Targeted Note Balance and could give rise to an Early Amortisation Event pursuant 
to limb (v) of the definition of Early Amortisation Event. 
In connection with the exercise of the Discount Rate Variation Option, in order to ensure that the Aggregate 
Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance calculated on the basis of the New Expectancy Rights Discount Rate 
remains unchanged, the Seller shall: 
(a) 
calculate the Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance immediately prior to the exercise of 
the Discount Rate Variation Option (the "Current Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights 
Balance"); and 
(b) 
calculate the Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance immediately following the exercise 
of the Discount Rate Variation Option (the "New Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights 
Balance").

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
 
 
If the New Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance is lower than the Current Aggregate Discounted 
Expectancy Rights Balance (the "Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance Shortfall"), the 
Seller will offer to sell and the Issuer will purchase Additional Expectancy Rights at the Additional Expectancy 
Rights Purchase Price which takes into account the New Expectancy Rights Discount Rate which shall be 
funded exclusively through a drawing under the Subordinated Loan in an amount necessary to remedy the 
Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance Shortfall (the "Borrowing Base Cure Amount"). 
The exercise of the Discount Rate Variation Option is subject to the following conditions: 
(a) 
The Discount Rate Variation Option may only be exercised in connection with the extension of the 
series current revolving period expiration date applicable to all Notes which have not commenced 
amortisation and will apply to all Notes whether or not such Notes have commenced amortisation; 
(b) 
The Discount Rate Variation Option may be exercised by notice to the Issuer no later than on the 
10th Business Day falling in the month of the then series revolving period expiration date applicable 
to the Notes which have not commenced amortisation (the "Discount Rate Variation Option 
Notice") which shall specify, 
(i) 
the New Expectancy Rights Discount Rate and each component giving rise to the New 
Expectancy Rights Discount Rate; 
(ii) 
the Current Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance; 
(iii) 
the New Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance; and 
(iv) 
the Borrowing Base Cure Amount, if any. 
(c) 
The Discount Rate Variation Option shall only be effective: 
(i) 
on the relevant renewal date; and 
(ii) 
(x) if the Issuer has received confirmation from the Rating Agencies that the rating of the 
relevant Notes, to the extent rated, will continue to have, for the Class A Notes, a rating of 
AAA (sf) by DBRS and AAA (sf) by S&P Global and for the Class B Notes, at least A(high) 
(sf) by DBRS and at least A+ (sf) by S&P Global, or, (y) the Issuer has received a new rating 
confirmation which states the same rating for the relevant Notes, to the extent rated, as is 
applicable prior to the exercise of the Discount Rate Variation Option. 
Buffer Release Reserve 
Pursuant to the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement, VWL agrees to fund at all times within ten (10) 
Business Days following the occurrence of a Reserve Trigger Event which is continuing, the Buffer Release 
Reserve in an amount such that the balance on the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger is equal to the Required 
Buffer Release Reserve Amount, which amount will be paid by the Seller to the Cash Collateral Account and 
on the same day be credited by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger. 
If on any Payment Date prior to the service of an Enforcement Notice, the balance deposited on the Buffer 
Release Reserve Ledger exceeds the actual Required Buffer Release Reserve Amount, such excess shall 
be repaid directly to the Seller (whereby such excess shall not form part of the Available Distribution Amount). 
Following the service of an Enforcement Notice, distributions will be made by the Expectancy Rights Trustee 
from the Available Distribution Amount and from any amounts standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral 
Account, and according to the applicable Order of Priority.

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
 
 
Amendments to the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement 
VWL will be entitled to unilaterally amend any term or provision of the Expectancy Rights Purchase 
Agreement with the consent of the Issuer but without the consent of any Noteholder, each Swap Counterparty, 
the Subordinated Lender or any other Person; provided that such amendment shall only become valid,  
(A) 
in case of amendments which do not materially and adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders 
and/or any other Programme Creditor, if it is notified to the Expectancy Rights Trustee and the Rating 
Agencies in writing and it has been demonstrated to the reasonable satisfaction of the Expectancy 
Rights Trustee that such amendment is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders 
and/or any other Programme Creditor; 
(B) 
in case that the Issuer is advised by a third party authorised under Article 28 of the Securitisation 
Regulation or a reputable international law firm that such amendments are required for the 
Programme to comply with the Securitisation Regulation including the requirements for simple, 
transparent and standardised securitisations set out therein and in any regulatory technical standards 
adopted under the Securitisation Regulation; and 
(C) 
in case of amendments which materially and adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders and/or 
any other Programme Creditor, if it is notified to the Expectancy Rights Trustee and the Rating 
Agencies in writing and the Issuer has received the written consent to such amendment from the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee and the Programme Creditors that are materially and adversely affected. 
Any amendment subject to paragraph (B) above shall only become valid, by giving ten (10) Business Days 
prior notice to the Noteholders in writing, including by email. 
All amendments to the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement shall be notified to the Rating Agencies. 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee shall have the right to request a reputable international law firm to confirm 
the legal validity of such amendment and/or to describe the legal effects of such amendment and to incur 
reasonable expenses for such consultation which shall be reimbursed by VWL.

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
 
 
BUSINESS AND ORGANISATION OF VOLKSWAGEN LEASING GMBH 
Auto Lease Business in Germany 
In the first half of 2023 the global growth rate of the gross domestic product (GDP) lost momentum; regional 
growth rates were lower in the group of advanced economies but remained on the same level in the emerging 
markets compared to the previous year. 
From January to June 2023 Germany’s calendar adjusted real GDP decreased by -0.2 per cent in the first 
and in the second quarter compared to the previous year. The seasonally adjusted unemployment rate 
increased to 5.7 per cent in June (June 2022: 5.3 per cent), while consumer prices decreased to 6.4 per cent 
(June 2022: 6.7 per cent). 
In the first half of 2023, 1.4 million new passenger cars (H1-2022: 1.2 million; +12.8 per cent) were registered 
in Germany. Total passenger car production reached 2.2 million passenger cars in the period from January 
to June 2023 which was 32.4 per cent higher compared to the same period last year (H1-2022: 1.7 million). 
Exports by German manufacturers increased by 32.5 per cent to 1.7 million vehicles (H1-2022: 1.3 million). 
With passenger car registrations growing by 17.9 per cent the Volkswagen Group’s share in the German 
passenger car market increased to 39.4 per cent (H1-2022: 37.7 per cent). 
Incorporation, Registered Office and Purpose 
Volkswagen Leasing GmbH ("VWL"), with its office at Gifhorner Straße 57, 38112 Braunschweig, Germany, 
is Seller of the Lease Receivables and Servicer under the Servicing Agreement. 
VWL was established in 1966. Its registered share capital of EUR 76,004,000.00 is held by the Parent, which 
in turn is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Volkswagen AG, Wolfsburg. 
VWL is responsible for the leasing business of the Volkswagen Group in Germany.  
VWL is a financial services institution (Finanzdienstleistungsinstitut) according to section 1 (1a) German 
Banking Act. As such, the originator is supervised by BaFin as competent supervisory authority. As a 
precaution VWL performs the „Assessment of the borrower’s creditworthiness" with respect to lease contracts 
with consumers in accordance with paragraphs 1 to 4, point (a) of paragraph 5 and paragraph 6 of Article 18 
of Directive 2014/17/EU as reflected in section 505 a and section 505 b German Civil Code (BGB). 
VWL has five branches in Braunschweig (AUDI Leasing, Seat Leasing, Skoda Leasing, Ducati Leasing and 
AutoEuropa Leasing) and three branches in Italy (Milan, Verona and Bolzano).  
The objectives of VWL are, inter alia, to lease motor vehicles, especially vehicles from the following brands: 
Volkswagen, Audi, SEAT, Skoda, Ducati and Volkswagen Nutzfahrzeuge and other movable assets as a 
modern and cost effective alternative to the purchase of vehicles and for the financing of investments, the 
latter in particular for the business partners of the Volkswagen Group. 
VWL offers: 
(i) 
leasing of new Volkswagen, Audi, SEAT, Skoda, Ducati and Volkswagen Nutzfahrzeuge vehicles; 
(ii) 
service-leasing to commercial and non-commercial customers; 
(iii) 
leasing of used vehicles of all makes. 
The business purposes of VWL vis-à-vis customers and dealers are largely determined by its membership in 
the Volkswagen Group. VWL co-operates closely with the approximately 3,708 dealerships of the Volkswagen 
Group. A dealer can thus offer the customer complete, competent, personal service, at one stop and from a 
single source, including the financing. 
The co-operation between the manufacturer or importer and the dealer-partner respectively is established by 
a dealer agreement. Under this agreement the dealer-partner is given the responsibility for marketing the 
products and services of the Volkswagen Group and to service the trade-marked products of the Volkswagen 
Group.

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
 
 
The dealer-partners procure leasing business for VWL against commissions. VWL buys the vehicles from the 
dealer, finances and administers the vehicles and assumes the credit risk. 
Each dealer-partner is trained in leasing business. The dealer-partner is the local contact person and available 
to the Lessee during the whole life of the leasing contract. 
Origination and Securitisation Expertise 
As already set out under the section "Incorporation, Registered Office and Purpose" one of the main purposes 
of VWL for the last five decades has been the origination and underwriting of lease receivables of a similar 
nature to those securitised under this Programme. The members of its management body and the senior staff 
of VWL have adequate knowledge and skills in originating and underwriting lease receivables, similar to the 
loan receivables included in the Portfolio, gained through years of practice and continuing education. The 
members of the management body and VWL senior staff have been appropriately involved within the 
governance structure of the functions of originating and underwriting of the Portfolio. Additionally, VWL has 
been securitising lease receivables actively since 1996 through private as well as public securitisation 
transactions, similar to this Programme. The members of its management body and the senior staff 
responsible for the securitisation transactions of VWL have also professional experience in the securitisation 
of lease receivables of many years, gained through years of practice and continuing education. Other 
subsidiaries of Volkswagen AG have also been securitising lease receivables and loan receivables all across 
Europe, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Japan, China, Turkey and USA.

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
 
 
BUSINESS PROCEDURES OF VOLKSWAGEN LEASING GMBH 
Under the Servicing Agreement, the Final Payment Receivables are to be administered together with all lease 
receivables and other final payment receivables of VWL and the Leased Vehicles are to be realised according 
to VWL’s customary practices in effect from time to time. The Lessees will not be notified of the fact that the 
receivables from their Lease Contracts have been assigned to the Issuer, except under special 
circumstances. 
The normal business procedures of VWL currently include the following: 
Negotiation of the Lease Contract and Appraisal of the Creditworthiness of the Prospective Lessee 
The customer writes and signs an application for the use of a specific vehicle against a specified monthly 
payment. By signing the application the customer signifies its acceptance of the leasing conditions. 
Before it accepts an application, VWL checks the creditworthiness of the customer. For this purpose all the 
information from e.g. credit agencies, financial statements and other sources (for instance from dealers) are 
brought together for scoring and rating purposes and are documented in a credit report about the prospective 
Lessee. In case VWL already has an existing relationship with the customer, his/her payment behaviour will 
also be part of the credit assessment. Applications of all 'non risk relevant customers' (customers with an 
aggregate credit engagement of less or equal €1,400,000) are scored by a numeric system of 16 risk classes, 
going from 01 as the best up to 15 and a separate class "D" for defaulted customers. VWL's application 
process is made predominately electronically and based on machine-decisions. However, for customers who 
are classified as 'corporate customers', i.e. customers who have entered into a master framework agreement 
with Volkswagen AG, the leasing application will be evaluated individually by at least two credit officers ('four 
eyes principle'), if scoring is 12 or worse. Customers with an aggregate credit engagement of more than 
€1,400,000 are classified as 'risk relevant business' and any related credit decision is based not only on the 
four eyes principle but additionally on a segregation of functions between front and back office. The 
appropriate internal limit is then set, based on the value of the vehicle and the number of contracts to be 
signed by the respective Lessee. If, in the case of existing contractual relationships, additional vehicles are 
to be leased, a check is made whether additional vehicles can be leased to the customer under the existing 
limits and on the basis of the information at hand, or a new decision has to be taken by using up-to-date 
information. 
Sometimes up-to-date information must be gathered so that a new credit appraisal may be made. The 
creditworthiness of corporate customers that are classified as 'risk relevant business' is checked at least on 
a 12-months interval. The customers are asked to provide their financial statements in due time to meet the 
mentioned interval. Additionally, immediate access to the data base of credit agencies makes it possible to 
obtain information quickly. For leasing applications in the retail business, which are not automatically 
approved by credit scoring but instead need to be modified (e.g. guarantee of a third person, additional 
documents need to be brought in etc.), there still might be decisions by qualified credit officers. Depending 
on the internal limit, one or more employees of the credit department of VWL jointly decide to accept or reject 
each leasing application. Each employee is personally assigned a maximum amount up to which she/he can 
decide regarding the regulations and guidelines given by VWL. A decision outside the specifications will be 
made by special trained employees of the VWL. The employees are qualified persons (generally with several 
years' training in banks or in industry or with degrees in business administration or similar business 
experience, etc.) and with several years' experience in the leasing business. Applications by private 
individuals may be automatically approved or rejected in the first instance if the information on the application 
demonstrates that the applicant meets or does not meet VWL's criteria for an automatic approval or rejection. 
Applications which are rejected at first instance have to be decided by employees of VWL. 
Determination of Residual Values 
Management of Residual Values by Volkswagen Leasing GmbH 
A residual value risk exists when the estimated market value of a leased asset at the time of disposal upon 
expiration of a contract is less than the residual value calculated at the time the contract was closed. However, 
it is also possible to realize more than the calculated residual value at the time the leased asset is disposed 
of.

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
 
 
Direct and indirect residual value risks are differentiated relative to the bearer of the residual value risks. A 
direct residual value risk is present when the residual value risk is borne by Volkswagen Leasing GmbH. An 
indirect residual value risk is present if the residual value risk has been transferred to a third party based on 
the guaranteed residual value (e.g. customers, dealerships). The initial risk is that the counterparty 
guaranteeing the residual value might default. If the guarantor of the residual value defaults, the leased asset 
and hence the residual value risk are transferred to Volkswagen Leasing GmbH. 
Framework 
The residual value risk management feedback control system requires regular residual value forecasts and 
continuous risk assessments. Proactive marketing activities are derived from the measurement results in 
order to optimise earnings from the assumption of residual value risks. The marketing results so obtained are 
considered in the review of the residual value guidelines. 
Risk identification and assessment 
Residual value risks are quantified regularly throughout the year by means of evaluations and analyses on a 
contract-by-contract basis. The contracted residual values are compared to attainable market values that are 
generated from both the data of external service providers and VWLs own marketing data. The difference 
between the calculated residual value and the forecast for the used car constitutes the risk/opportunity ratio 
upon expiry of a contract. A variety of procedures are used to forecast residual values in this connection. 
Internal and external data regarding the development of residual values are considered in the residual value 
forecasts. 
Risk management and monitoring 
VWL’s group risk management regularly reviews the adequacy of the risk provisions as well as the residual 
value risk potential as part of risk management. The resulting residual value risk potential is used to take a 
variety of measures as part of proactive risk management in order to limit the residual value risk. Residual 
value recommendations regarding new business must take both prevailing market conditions and future 
drivers into account. In order to reduce the risks upon expiry of a contract, the sales channels must be 
reviewed continuously such that the best possible result may be achieved at the time the vehicles are sold. 
VWL’s group risk management monitors residual value risks within VWL. The numbers reported in connection 
with residual value risks (portfolio assessment, marketing results, maturity tables, market data etc.) are 
subject to plausibility checks. 
Risk communication 
VWL’s group risk management reports on the situation regarding residual value risks as part of the risk 
management report. Indirect residual value risks are measured analogous to direct residual value risks and 
the findings are communicated to the Boards of Management (Vorstand) of Volkswagen Financial Services 
AG and VWL in a separate report. Events having significant effects on risk exposures are communicated to 
Volkswagen Financial Services AG’s Board of Management (Vorstand) using an ad hoc reporting system. 
Debts Management 
The first payment is due once the vehicle is handed over to the Lessee; all subsequent payments are typically 
due at the first of the corresponding month. The number of payments corresponds to the leasing period in 
months. 
The leasing application includes a clause authorising VWL to debit the payments as they become due, directly 
on the bank account of the Lessee. Approximately 96 per cent of the Lessees made use of the direct debit 
system offered by VWL. This ensures that VWL receives instalments due promptly. Customers who do not 
authorise direct debiting give standing payment orders to their banks, write individual bank remittances or 
send a cheque. The monthly instalments are generally billed four working days before the end of the month. 
VWL transmits the required information to its banks, which in turn communicate with the Lessees banks. VWL 
receives the instalments paid by direct debit between the 5th and 8th working day of the current month.

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
 
 
VWL's debt management processes are based on scorecards. There are four types of scorecard. Scorecard 
no. 1 relates to outstanding payments under a lease agreement, the target of which is the execution of a 
payment agreement. Scorecard no. 2 relates to repossession, the target of which is either the repossession 
of the leased vehicle or the execution of a payment agreement. Scorecard no. 3 relates to a court order, the 
target of which is the achievement of a payment which exceeds the fees. Scorecard no. 4 relates to any 
collections after a Write-Off, which may be realised by appointing an internal or external collection provider. 
The advantages of the use of the scorecard process include, inter alia: 
• 
Valuation of expected revenues; 
• 
Multi dimensional processing; 
• 
Risk based processing by fixed instructions; 
• 
Increase of revenues; and 
• 
Cost reduction by avoiding court activities. 
 
Receivables from the premature termination of contracts are generally billed weekly. In case the direct 
debiting orders of VWL are not honoured or are rescinded, the banks immediately debit the respective 
accounts of VWL accordingly. The overdue payments for any given month are therefore typically known by 
the 10th to 12th day of the month and reminder notices can be sent out immediately. Around 1 per cent of the 
direct debit payments are not honoured. 
If the Lessee does not pay then, a second reminder letter is generally sent after another two weeks, in which 
interest on arrears and other cost are also mentioned. The reminder (after about one and a half months) 
includes charges for the reminder, the threat of a summary court order and the threat of termination of the 
contract. In addition, the dealer who intermediated the contract is brought into the proceeding and is requested 
to investigate the situation and to help with the collection of the debts. In addition, the debts management 
department of VWL may write an individual letter to the customer or get in touch with the customer or with the 
dealer by telephone or telefax. 
The debt managers of VWL are authorised to grant justifiable payment extensions. The number of such 
agreements has been negligible. The debt managers of VWL are also authorised to grant different kind of 
payment holidays up to a period of six months, depending on the creditworthiness of the customer. Payment 
holidays for a longer period than six months need to be individually approved. When a commercial Lessee 
has failed to pay two instalments and the reminder process has been completed without having received the 
respective payments from the customer, the contract will be terminated. In the case of a payment default of 
a private individual Lessee and after having sent out the respective reminders, the Lease Contract will be 
terminated by VWL as long as the legal requirements and preconditions are fulfilled (see below "Termination 
of Lease Contracts"). If the customer pays the amount owed fully, which applies to approximately 69 per cent 
of the Terminated Lease Contracts, the contract is reinstated. An application for a court order will normally 
only be made in order to enforce the debts after the settling of the Lease Contract (see below "Enforcement"). 
Any restructuring measures (e.g. contract term extension or contract term reduction, recalculation of lease 
instalments etc.), however, will only be granted to the Lessee by the contract management department, if and 
to the extent, that all charged lease instalments have been paid and the Lessee´s account is not overdue. 
Termination of Lease Contracts 
The Lessee of a consumer Lease Contract, which was concluded in distance selling (Fernabsatz), is entitled 
to cancel his distance Lease Contract without giving reason by sending a letter, fax or email message, 
exercising such cancellation right within two weeks or receipt of a written notice informing him of such 
cancellation right. 
Each party to a Lease Contract can terminate the contract without giving prior notice, if it has a material 
reason to do so, in particular, but not limited to: 
(i) 
when the other party is unable to pay or engaged in debt composition proceedings; when its cheques 
are not covered or its bills of exchange not honoured;

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
if the other party has made untrue statements in connection with the Lease Contract or has failed to 
state relevant facts and the lessor cannot, therefore, be reasonably expected to continue to honour 
the contract; 
(iii) 
if the other party does not stop committing serious breaches of the contract in spite of written requests 
to this effect or if it fails to provide immediate remedy of any effects of such breaches of contract; or 
(iv) 
if the vehicle has been destroyed or the cost of repairing the damage exceeds 60 per cent of the 
replacement cost of the vehicle to the end of a contract month. 
(v) 
VWL can terminate Lease Contracts without prior notice, especially in the following cases: 
(vi) 
when two leasing instalments are overdue by commercial Lessees; or 
(vii) 
when two instalments or more representing in the aggregate at least 10 per cent of the total value of 
the Lease Contract (5 per cent when the term of the Lease Contract exceeds three years) are 
overdue by private individual Lessees and the lessor has set a final two-week deadline for payment 
which the Lessee does not honour. 
The majority of Lease Contracts have a fixed, agreed upon life (Closed End Lease Contracts). Upon request 
of the Lessee, the parties can agree to prematurely terminate the Contracts in writing (a) not earlier than six 
months from the date of the beginning of the contract or (b) if the vehicle has been destroyed or if the cost of 
repairing the damage sustained in an accident exceeds 60 per cent of the replacement cost of the vehicle. In 
such cases, the Lessee can then present the vehicle, state the number of kilometers driven and ask the lessor 
under what financial conditions it would be willing to terminate the Lease Contract. 
In case of termination of contract for cause, the Lessee is requested to return the vehicle to the dealer who 
intermediated the lease. If the Lessee does not voluntarily return the vehicle and all respective appropriate 
means of VWL or the dealer is without success, external service providers are mandated to secure the 
vehicles. The leading companies in this area operate with a high level of reliability and trust with a view to 
protection of VWL's interests. About 99 per cent of the mandates are completed successfully (either by 
collection of overdue instalments or by securing the vehicle). In the event that repossession is unsuccessful 
a criminal complaint will be filed. As a result, the vehicles are taken up by the police and customs for the 
international search. 
If VWL terminates a contract for cause, it can require the Lessee to reimburse it for the damages which it has 
sustained through the premature termination of the contract. VWL is entitled for full reimbursement of its 
losses, taking into account the procedure for open end Lease Contracts "Open End Lease Contracts") and 
closed end Lease Contracts "Closed End Lease Contracts") described below. Within a period of two weeks 
after returning the vehicle, the Lessee has the possibility to minimise the losses by nominating a prospective 
buyer who cash purchases the vehicle for the requested price; however, this option is only applicable for 
Open End Lease Contracts. 
For those contracts, which have been terminated by VWL, where the respective underlying vehicle has been 
sold, there are two ways of calculating the remainder of debt. Either VWL is dealing with an Open End Lease 
Contract or a Closed End Lease Contract. Open End Lease Contracts have no fixed residual value 
guaranteed by the dealers but the buy-back of the car is based on the state of the vehicle and the general 
state of the market. Therefore upon the re-marketing of the car, the Lessee bears the risk of a loss and partly 
participates in any profit. Closed End Lease Contracts are based on a fixed residual value which is guaranteed 
by the dealers for approximately 95 per cent of all Closed End Lease Contracts (for the other 5 per cent, VWL 
bears the risk). In case of under mileage, the dealers will be charged. If mileage is exceeded, the dealer will 
receive an adjustment payment. Under these agreements, the partner-dealer buys the vehicle from VWL at 
a previously agreed upon price. Under this type of contract the risk of realisation is borne entirely by the 
dealer-partner. 
The remainder for Open End Lease Contracts is based on the difference between the actual realised price 
for the sold car and the originally calculated residual value of the car. The calculation takes into account the 
monthly instalments which would have to be paid by the Lessees in case of a contractually agreed end of the 
contract and additional costs, e.g. running costs or collection costs.

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
 
 
In relation to "Closed End Lease Contracts" the final invoice with the remainder of a debt for the customer 
has to be calculated based on a binding rule of the BGH (Highest German Federal Supreme Court, WM 2005, 
996) from 2004. Here the remainder of a debt is calculated on the difference between the current market 
value of the car at the time of the car sale and a forecasted car value for the agreed expiration of the contract. 
The calculation takes into account the monthly instalments which would have to be paid by the Lessees in 
case of a contractually agreed end of the contract and additional costs, e.g. running costs or collection costs.  
The determination of both (i) the actual market value of the car at the time of the sale and (ii) the forecast of 
the value of the car at the time of the agreed expiration of the contract is being made by an external authorised 
adjuster. 
If a vehicle was totally destroyed or lost or if the estimate cost of repairing the damage is equal to or exceeds 
60 per cent of the replacement cost of the vehicle, and the contracting parties do not come to an 
understanding on a termination agreement and, as a result, one of the contracting parties terminates the 
contract, VWL may claim the full amortisation. The Lessee shall receive 75 per cent of a surplus, if any, 
remaining after the final settling of the contract. If a full coverage insurance was taken out through 
Volkswagen-Versicherungsdienst GmbH (VVD), a full amortisation claim is limited to the amount of the 
deductible plus the cost of the delivery drive which is taken into account in the calculation of the lease 
instalment, provided that the vehicle was stolen or if the estimated cost of repairing the damage is equal to 
the replacement cost. However, the full amortisation claim will not be limited if the insurer refused to provide 
insurance coverage to the Lessee. The foregoing provisions shall apply mutatis mutandis to a compensation 
payment stipulated under a termination agreement. If the Lease Contract provides for any further services 
apart from the motor vehicle insurance against loss and damage, the above limitation shall also apply to a 
pro-rata calculation and claims for reimbursement of cost with respect to such other services. 
In the event of a termination all debits and credits except for final settling of accounts by Volkswagen Leasing 
GmbH upon a termination shall be subject to VAT which is in force at such time. 
Enforcement 
Repossessed leased vehicles are sold to dealers, or through the Vehicle Trading International (VTI). The 
selling process is supported by a used vehicles information system (on a SAP basis platform) which was 
developed for the specific purpose of selling used motor vehicles. Each sale of a Leased Vehicle will always 
be made to the highest bidder. 
As a rule, an application for a court order is made in order to enforce the debts after the settling of the Lease 
Contract. The payment order process is instituted by the Hannover Lower Court as part of automated 
summary proceedings. The collection and the seizure of Leased Vehicles is handled through the collection 
information system, an application which was specifically developed for such purpose. This procedure offers 
the advantage that the entire process of debts management, collection and used vehicles sales is represented 
in a homogenous systems environment resulting in shorter handling times and increased productivity. 
In court proceedings and out of such proceedings, VWL agrees to accept a settlement (Vergleich) if and to 
the extent, it appears to be economically viable or if a complete collection appears to be unlikely due to the 
financial condition of the Lessee. However, available collateral, such as directly enforceable guarantees, bank 
guarantees or deposits, will first be utilised. 
Write-Off 
VWL will write-off any debts owed to it by a Lessee if one of the following criteria is met and to the extent, that 
available collateral such as directly enforceable guarantees, bank guarantees or deposits has been utilised: 
 
Unsuccessful enforcement measures (erfolglose Zwangsvollstreckung); 
 
Unsuccessful attachment order and transfer of garnished claim (erfolgloser Pfändungs- und 
Überweisungsbeschluss); 
 
Insolvency of the Lessee; 
 
Unsuccessful repossession; 
 
Lessee is in jail;

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
 
 
 
Lessee's address unknown; 
 
Lessee has left the European Union as a result of which no further payments can be expected; 
 
Lessee with (legal) care (Betreuungsmaßnahmen); 
 
Scoring red: No court orders (expected court order costs will exceed the expected collections); 
 
Proven inability to pay (Zahlungsunfähigkeit); 
 
Lessee's death without heir apparent; 
 
Settlement through or out of court orders (Gerichtlicher/Außergerichtlicher Vergleich); 
 
Lost court proceedings; and 
 
A claim becomes unenforceable. 
Realisation of Leased Vehicles upon Expiration of Lease Contracts 
Pursuant to the terms of the Repurchase Agreement and prior to the occurrence of a Servicer Insolvency 
Event VWL will purchase without warranty from the Issuer the Leased Vehicles' Initial Residual Value or 
Additional Residual Value, as the case may be, as of the date of the termination of the respective Lease 
Contract.  
Following the occurrence of a Servicer Insolvency Event the Issuer may sell the Leased Vehicles at its sole 
discretion to any third party upon acquisition of full legal title to the Leased Vehicles deriving from the 
Purchased Expectancy Rights. 
Internal Audit 
Volkswagen Leasing GmbH uses a system for measuring, monitoring and controlling its risk positions, which 
is documented and refined on an ongoing basis by means of guidelines. The suitability of individual system 
elements is reviewed regularly in a risk-oriented manner by the Internal Audit Department and by external 
auditors as part of their audit of the annual financial statements. On behalf of the Board of Management of 
Volkswagen Leasing GmbH Internal Audit independently and in a risk-oriented manner reviews the 
operational and business procedures of Volkswagen Leasing GmbH and its domestic and foreign branches 
for which contractual auditing rights are in place. 
The operational executions of the audits are covered by the internal audit function of a Group company  
(Corporate Internal Audit). Audits at the foreign branch of Volkswagen Leasing GmbH are further outsourced 
to a Group company’s audit function in Italy. This activity is based on an annual audit plan, which is drawn up 
on the basis of the legal requirements in a risk-oriented manner. Internal Audit informs the Board of 
Management of Volkswagen Leasing GmbH of the result of the audits carried out by submitting audit reports 
as well as a quarterly and annual summary report. The timely implementation of the measures and 
recommendations agreed in the audit reports is monitored by Internal Audit and, if necessary follow up audits 
are conducted. 
Auditors 
Ernst & Young GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Landschaftsstraße 8, 30159 Hanover, ("EY") has 
been the statutory auditor of the annual financial statements of VWL for the financial year ending on 31 
December 2022. Ernst & Young GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft is a member of the Chamber of 
Public Accountants.

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
 
\\1080220 4140-6889-6839 v9 
 
Hogan Lovells 
 
Volkswagen Leasing Group 
Selected figures (IFRS) for the years 2013 –– 06/2023 
 
Source: Consolidated annual financial statements of Volkswagen Leasing GmbH 
06/2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
2017 
2016 
2015 
2014 
2013 
New Contracts (thou.) 
361 
637 
646 
702 
769 
618 
615 
590 
555 
517 
439 
Contracts Ountstanding (thou.) 
1,932 
1,897 
1,814 
1,721 
1,674 
1,487 
1,386 
1,281 
1,181 
1,110 
1,014 
Capital Investment (EUR m.) 
10,746 
20,497 
19,250 
20,533 
20,890 
16,204 
16,240 
15,114 
13,938 
12,154 
10,556 
Total Receivables (EUR m.) 
19,165 
18,582 
18,029 
18,510 
18,690 
17,298 
16,771 
15,436 
13,681 
12,629 
11,761 
-from leasing instalments (EUR m.) 
5,144 
4,656 
4,425 
4,911 
5,120 
4,761 
5,040 
4,956 
4,548 
4,305 
4,253 
-from residual values (EUR m.) 
14,021 
13,926 
13,604 
13,599 
13,570 
12,536 
11,731 
10,480 
9,133 
8,324 
7,508 
Residual values operate Lease (EUR m.) 
26,633 
25,764 
23,298
19,377 
15,517 
12,371 
10,805 
9,248 
8,372 
7,453 
6,531

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
 
 
ADMINISTRATION OF THE PURCHASED EXPECTANCY RIGHTS AND FINAL PAYMENT 
RECEIVABLES UNDER THE SERVICING AGREEMENT 
VWL has agreed to act as Servicer under the Servicing Agreement. In this capacity it has agreed to perform 
the following tasks according to its usual business practices as they exist from time to time, 
 
to collect the Final Payment Receivables;  
 
to administer the contracts underlying the Final Payment Receivables;  
 
take actions and remedies against delinquent and defaulted Lessees, exercise debt restructuring, 
debt forgiveness, forbearance, payment holidays, losses, charge offs, recoveries and other asset 
performance remedies against a Lessee, 
 
VWL shall for the first time advance the Monthly Collateral in respect of the then prevailing monthly 
period on the Monthly Collateral Start Date plus, if the advance payment has to be made prior to the 
Payment Date falling in such monthly period, the Monthly Collateral in respect of the preceding 
Monthly Period to the Distribution Account and for any subsequent monthly period in which the 
Monthly Remittance Condition continues to not be satisfied, VWL shall advance the Monthly 
Collateral to the Distribution Account on any Monthly Collateral Payment Date to be retained until the 
Payment Date relating to such  monthly period; and 
 
to repossess and realise the Leased Vehicles on behalf of the Issuer upon termination of a Lease 
Contract (in case the repurchase thereof by VWL under the Repurchase Agreement has not been 
completed). 
Administration of collections, Costs of Administration and Replacing of the Servicer 
The Servicer will thus be receiving payments in respect of the Purchased Final Payment Receivables due 
each month, of overdue Final Payment Receivables, sometimes of advance payments on Purchased Final 
Payment Receivables, Settlement Amounts, Compensation Payments and proceeds from the realisation of 
Leased Vehicles. 
Subject to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, if: 
(a) 
for the first time the Monthly Remittance Condition is not satisfied, VWL shall for the first time 
advance the Monthly Collateral in respect of the then prevailing monthly period on the Monthly 
Collateral Start Date plus, if the advance payment has to be made prior to the Payment Date falling 
in such monthly period, the Monthly Collateral in respect of the preceding Monthly Period to the 
Distribution Account; and 
(b) 
for any subsequent monthly period in which the Monthly Remittance Condition continues to not be 
satisfied, VWL shall advance the Monthly Collateral to the Distribution Account on any Monthly 
Collateral Payment Date to be retained until the Payment Date relating to such monthly period.  
If the Expectancy Rights Trustee does not transfer title to a relevant Leased Vehicle to VWL in accordance 
with clause 4 (Transfer of title to Leased Vehicles) of the Repurchase Agreement but otherwise realises the 
relevant Leased Vehicle for which the Monthly Collateral has been paid by VWL, the Issuer will on the then 
following Payment Date release such amounts received for such Monthly Period to VWL outside the Order of 
Priority, unless at such time VWL is in default with delivering the collections for such Payment Date.  
Irrespective of its obligation to advance the Monthly Collateral VWL will still remain being obliged to transfer 
collections of the Purchased Final Payment Receivables and corresponding Expectancy Rights Related 
Collateral to the Distribution Account. However, at any time when either (a) the Monthly Remittance Condition 
is satisfied or (b) the Monthly Remittance Condition is not satisfied but VWL as Servicer has complied with its 
obligation to remit the Monthly Collateral to the Distribution Account, VWL is entitled to hold, use and invest 
at its own risk the amount collected under the Purchased Lease Receivables and other amounts collected by 
it during a Monthly Period without segregating such funds from its other funds, and VWL will be required to 
make a single transfer of collections of the Purchased Final Payment Receivables and corresponding 
Expectancy Rights Related Collateral and other amounts collected by it to the Distribution Account on the 
following Payment Date. Otherwise, collections of the Purchased Final Payment Receivables and

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
 
 
corresponding Expectancy Rights Related Collateral and other amounts collected by it will be required to be 
remitted by it to the Distribution Account on the first Business Day after receipt of such amounts. 
Following a breach of the Monthly Remittance Condition, the Monthly Servicer Report will show for each 
Monthly Period whether the Monthly Collateral which has been transferred by VWL for the relevant Monthly 
Period exceeds the collections of the Purchased Final Payment Receivables and corresponding Expectancy 
Rights Related Collateral for such Monthly Period or whether the collections of the Purchased Final Payment 
Receivables and corresponding Expectancy Rights Related Collateral for the relevant Monthly Period exceed 
the Monthly Collateral for such Monthly Period. 
On any Payment Date VWL's obligation to pay such collections of the Purchased Final Payment Receivables 
and corresponding Expectancy Rights Related Collateral received by VWL for the relevant Monthly Period 
into the Distribution Account will be netted with its claim for repayment of the Monthly Collateral for such 
Monthly Period and such Monthly Collateral will form part of the Available Distribution Amount. If for such 
Monthly Period the Monthly Servicer Report shows (a) that the Monthly Collateral which has been transferred 
by VWL for the relevant Monthly Period on the respective Monthly Collateral Payment Date exceeds the 
collections of the Purchased Final Payment Receivables and corresponding Expectancy Rights Related 
Collateral received by VWL for such Monthly Period, such excess shall be released to VWL outside the Order 
of Priority on the relevant Payment Date or (b) that the collections of the Purchased Final Payment 
Receivables and corresponding Expectancy Rights Related Collateral received by VWL for such Monthly 
Period exceed the Monthly Collateral which has been transferred by VWL for the relevant Monthly Period on 
the respective Monthly Collateral Payment Date, an amount equal to such excess shall be paid into the 
Distribution Account by VWL on the relevant Payment Date. 
When the Monthly Remittance Condition is satisfied again, any Monthly Collateral standing to the credit of 
the Distribution Account shall be released to the Servicer outside the Order of Priority on the next Payment 
Date following such satisfaction. 
Unless this power is repealed, the Servicer is entitled and shall utilise the Cash Collateral Account of the 
Issuer, if necessary, up to the sum of the credit shown on the respective Cash Collateral Account, 
(a) in accordance with the instructions from the Issuer to the extent, in the amounts and for the purposes 
described in clause 23 (Relation to third parties, overpayment) of the Trust Agreement; or 
(b) for costs incurred as a result of the replacement of a Servicer, to the extent that they cannot be covered 
by income from the investment of the funds in the Distribution Account and the Cash Collateral Account. 
The Servicer will be entitled to receive the Servicer Fee on each Payment Date for the preceding Monthly 
Period. The Servicer Fee for any Payment Date will be an amount equal to the product of (1) one-twelfth, (2) 
1.0 per cent. per annum and (3) the sum of the Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance as of the 
beginning of the preceding Monthly Period (or as of the Closing Date, in the case of the first Monthly Period). 
As additional compensation, the Servicer will be entitled to retain all late fees, fees for cheques with insufficient 
funds or other administrative fees. The Servicer will pay all expenses incurred by it in connection with its 
collection activities and will not be entitled to reimbursement of those expenses except for auction, painting, 
repair or refurbishment expenses and similar expenses with respect to the Leased Vehicles, i.e. such costs 
will be deducted from the enforcement or sale proceeds. 
The Servicer may be replaced in case of a Servicer Replacement Event as outlined below. In that case the 
costs of replacing it are also to be paid from income from the investment of the funds in the Distribution 
Account and the Cash Collateral Account. If these proceeds do not cover the said costs, the difference is to 
be made up from the Cash Collateral Account. 
Reporting Duties of the Servicer and Duties under the Swap Agreements and Reporting Duties under 
the Securitisation Regulation 
Under the Servicing Agreement the Servicer has undertaken to report the following facts to the Issuer, the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Account Bank, the Cash 
Administrator, the Rating Agencies and the Subordinated Lender on the Servicer Report Performance Date, 
or in the event this is not a Business Day, then on the next succeeding Business Day,

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
 
 
a. pool balance; 
b. collections of the Purchased Final Payment Receivables and the Expectancy Rights Related 
Collateral for the Monthly Period; 
c. overcollateralisation; 
d. credit enhancement; 
e. Available Distribution Amount; 
f. outstanding principal balance before and after origination of Additional Expectancy Rights and 
any Borrowing Base Cure Amount on such date; 
g. outstanding contracts; 
h. contract status; 
i. early settlements; 
j. contracts in arrears; 
k. change in delinquencies; 
l. write-offs on the Lease Contracts; 
m. Revolving Period; 
n. Dynamic Net Loss Ratio; 
o. 12-Months Average Dynamic Net Loss Ratio; 
p. Late Delinquency Ratio; 
q. the Buffer Release Rate, any amount standing to the credit of the Buffer Release Reserve 
Ledger, any Positive Buffer Release Amount and any Negative Buffer Release Amount; 
r. information on fulfilment of the Credit Enhancement Increase Condition; 
s. Residual Values; 
t. terminated contracts – realisation amounts; 
u. amounts of interest paid or unpaid on the Notes and the Subordinated Loan; 
v. development of the Notes and of the Subordinated Loan; 
w. General Cash Collateral Amount; and 
x. Order of Priority. 
The Servicer shall, furthermore, provide the Rating Agencies with the reports and information which the latter 
reasonably need to maintain their rating of the Rated Notes. 
Additionally, VWL as designated reporting entity under Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation undertakes 
to the Issuer under the Servicing Agreement that it will make the information available to the Noteholders, to 
competent authorities, as referred to in Article 29 of the Securitisation Regulation and to potential Noteholders 
all such information as the Issuer is required to make available pursuant to and in compliance with the 
Securitisation Regulation Disclosure Requirements. The Servicer will make such information available via the 
Securitisation Repository.

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
 
 
In the event that the Servicer is not able to comply with its reporting obligations as set out above in respect 
of a Purchased Expectancy Right, due to reasons which are constituted in the internal procedures of the 
Servicer (e.g.IT procedures or similar), the Servicer shall be entitled to take, mutatis mutandis, remedial 
actions as set out under "DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO - Warranties and Guarantees in relation 
to the Sale of the Purchased Expectancy Rights". 
Under the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer has undertaken to the Issuer that no less than once per annum 
commencing on the date of the Swap Agreements, it shall perform with the respective Swap Counterparty 
and on behalf of the Issuer, a reconciliation of all outstanding transactions under the Swap Agreements for 
the purposes of ensuring agreement as to the key terms of such transactions (including, without limitation, 
the effective date, position of the swap counterparties, currency of the transaction, the underlying instrument, 
the business day convention, notional amounts, payment dates, termination dates, fixed amounts and/ or 
floating amounts) and the then notional value of each such outstanding transaction under the Swap 
Agreements. 
Distribution duties of the Servicer 
On the 25th day of each month or, if this day is not a Business Day, then the next following Business Day 
(unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the date will be the first preceding day that is 
a Business Day), is a Payment Date. No later than the Payment Date of each month, the Servicer will have 
made available to the Issuer in the Distribution Account in the manner stated below under "Distribution 
Procedure" the amount due and received from Lessees and other sources during the prior month. 
Distribution procedure 
The Servicer has undertaken to transfer by the Payment Date of each calendar month to the respective 
Distribution Account collections of the Purchased Final Payment Receivables and the Expectancy Rights 
Related Collateral received and the proceeds from the realisation of the Leased Vehicles, as well as the 
payments received from the Swap Counterparties under the Swap Agreements. 
Amendments to the Servicing Agreement 
VWL will be entitled to unilaterally amend any term or provision of the Servicing Agreement with the consent 
of the Issuer but without the consent of any Noteholder, each Swap Counterparty, the Subordinated Lender 
or any other Person; provided that such amendment shall only become valid,  
(A) 
in case of amendments which do not materially and adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders 
and/or any other Programme Creditor, if it is notified to the Expectancy Rights Trustee and the Rating 
Agencies in writing and it has been demonstrated to the reasonable satisfaction of the Expectancy 
Rights Trustee that such amendment is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders 
and/or any other Programme Creditor;  
(B) 
in case that the Issuer is advised by a third party authorised under Article 28 of the Securitisation 
Regulation or a reputable international law firm that such amendments are required for the 
Programme to comply with the Securitisation Regulation including the requirements for simple, 
transparent and standardised securitisations set out therein and in any regulatory technical standards 
adopted under the Securitisation Regulation; and 
 
(C) 
in case of amendments which materially and adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders and/or 
any other Programme Creditor, if it is notified to the Expectancy Rights Trustee and the Rating 
Agencies in writing and the Issuer has received the written consent to such amendment from the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee and the Programme Creditors that are materially and adversely affected. 
Any amendment subject to paragraph (B) above shall only become valid, by giving ten (10) Business Days 
prior notice to the Noteholders in writing, including by email. 
All amendments to the Servicing Agreement shall be notified to the Rating Agencies.

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
 
 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee will have the right to request a reputable international law firm to confirm the 
legal validity of such amendment and/or to describe the legal effects of such amendment and to incur 
reasonable expenses for such consultation which will be reimbursed by VWL. 
Dismissal and Replacement of the Servicer  
After a Servicer Replacement Event, the Issuer is entitled to dismiss the Servicer by written notification and 
to appoint a new Servicer. The dismissal of the existing Servicer and the appointment of a new Servicer shall 
only become effective after the new Servicer has (i) taken over all the rights and obligations of the Servicer 
hereunder and (ii) agreed to indemnify and hold harmless the dismissed Servicer from all procedures, claims, 
obligations and liabilities as well as all related costs, fees, damages claims and expenditures (inclusive fees 
and expenditures associated with legal advice, chartered accountants and other experts or persons 
commissioned or initiated from the dismissed Servicer) which it may incur arising out of, in connection with or 
based upon any negligent breach of the contractual duties or any other omission or action of the new Servicer. 
The dismissed Servicer shall use best efforts that the appointment of the new Servicer shall become effective 
no later than three (3) months after the occurrence of a Servicer Replacement Event. In case of such a 
dismissal, the dismissed Servicer is obliged to transfer all then existing vested rights and assets held to the 
new Servicer appointed by the Issuer; the dismissed Servicer is furthermore obligated to place all information, 
files and documents, which are necessary for the proper performance of the Servicer’s obligations, at the new 
Servicer’s disposal. The Servicer is precluded from asserting retention rights and from setting off and may 
not ask for a refund of its costs and expenses incurred with the replacement of the current Servicer by a new 
Servicer. 
The Issuer is entitled to transfer its right to unilaterally change the contractual relationship (Gestaltungsrecht), 
as outlined in clause 10.1 (Dismissal and replacement of Servicer) of the Servicing Agreement, to the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee. The Servicer shall be notified in writing (with a copy to the Rating Agencies) of 
such transfer. 
Realisation of Purchased Expectancy Right under the Repurchase Agreement 
Under the Repurchase Agreement entered into between the Issuer, the Expectancy Rights Trustee and VWL 
as Seller and Realisation Agent, the Issuer sells to VWL the Leased Vehicles at a repurchase price equal to 
the sum of (a) the Initial Residual Value or the Additional Residual Value, as applicable, as set out in the data 
field "ABLECOLRG" of the Initial Electronic File or the relevant Additional Electronic File, each discounted at 
the Expectancy Rights Discount Rate less (b) an amount equal to the amount of the related Final Payment 
Receivable. In addition to the payment of the repurchase price, VWL shall pass on the proceeds from the 
collection of the related Final Payment Receivable to the Issuer. If and to the extent, VWL decides, in its own 
discretion, not to pass on a Final Payment Receivable to the Issuer, the Repurchase Price for such Leased 
Vehicle shall be calculated in accordance with limb (a) above only, without any reduction. 
Following the occurrence of a Servicer Insolvency Event, the Issuer may in its free discretion sell the Leased 
Vehicle to any third party. 
Audit of Activities of the Servicer 
At the request of the Issuer, the activities of the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement shall be audited by 
chartered accountants who shall be appointed by the Issuer. The costs of such audit shall be borne by the 
Servicer. For the avoidance of doubt, the maximum number of audits shall be one (1) per annum.

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
 
 
EXPECTANCY RIGHTS TRUSTEE 
The Issuer has entered into a Trust Agreement with, inter alia, Intertrust Trustees Limited as Expectancy 
Rights Trustee and VWL. The Expectancy Rights Trustee’s address is at 1 Bartholomew Lane, London EC2N 
2AX, United Kingdom. The Expectancy Rights Trustee who shall hold Purchased Expectancy Rights on trust 
which shall be acquired by the Expectancy Rights Trustee in connection with the issuance of Notes is not 
affiliated with the Issuer or VWL and maintains no other non-arm’s length business relationship with the Issuer 
or VWL. Under this agreement the Issuer has authorised the Expectancy Rights Trustee to act as fiduciary 
agent for the Programme Creditors. 
Under the Trustee Claim pursuant to the Trust Agreement, the Issuer has entitled the Expectancy Rights 
Trustee to demand from the Issuer, (i) that any present or future obligation of the Issuer to the Noteholders 
shall be fulfilled; (ii) that any present or future obligation of the Issuer in relation to a Programme Creditor of 
the Programme Documents, respectively, shall be fulfilled; and (iii) (if the Issuer is in default with any Secured 
Obligation(s) and insolvency proceedings have not been instituted against the estate of the Expectancy Rights 
Trustee) that any payment owed under the respective Secured Obligation will be made to the Expectancy 
Rights Trustee for on-payment to the Programme Creditors and discharge the obligation of the Issuer 
accordingly. 
To provide collateral for the respective Trustee Claim, the Issuer assigns or transfers, as applicable to the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee all Purchased Expectancy Rights, Purchased Final Payment Receivables and 
corresponding Expectancy Rights Related Collateral which the Seller transfers to the Issuer pursuant to the 
provisions of the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement and any Additional Expectancy Rights Purchase 
Agreement, and all rights arising from the Purchased Expectancy Rights, and all its claims and other rights 
arising from the Programme Documents (including the rights to unilaterally alter a legal relationship 
(unselbständige Gestaltungsrechte)) and from all present and future contracts the Issuer has entered or may 
enter into in connection with the Purchased Expectancy Rights, and all its claims and other rights from all 
present and future contracts the Issuer may enter into in connection with the Notes, the Subordinated Loan, 
the Swap Agreements, or Purchased Expectancy Rights, the Purchased Final Payment Receivables and 
corresponding Expectancy Rights Related Collateral, and all transferable claims (i) in respect of the Accounts 
of the Issuer opened pursuant to the Account Agreement and (ii) in respect of all bank accounts which will be 
opened under the Trust Agreement in the name of the Issuer in the future. 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee has been appointed under the Trust Agreement to exclusively hold the 
Purchased Expectancy Rights, the Final Payment Receivables and corresponding Expectancy Rights 
Related Collateral. The Expectancy Rights Trustee under the Trust Agreement may realise and have realised, 
administer and do such other acts as are necessary in connection with the holding, administration and 
realisation of the Purchased Expectancy Rights, the Final Payment Receivables and corresponding 
Expectancy Rights Related Collateral assigned to the Expectancy Rights Trustee in accordance with clause 
5 (Assignment for security purposes; transfer of title for security purposes) of the Trust Agreement for security 
purposes. 
The Issuer will assign its rights, title and interest in the Swap Agreement by way of security in favour of the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee, pursuant to the Security Assignment Deed, which the Expectancy Rights Trustee 
will hold on trust for the benefit of itself and as trustee for the Programme Creditors. 
Unless otherwise set forth in the Trust Agreement, the Expectancy Rights Trustee is not obligated to supervise 
the discharge of the payment and other obligations of the Issuer arising from the Funding and the Programme 
Documents or to carry out duties which are the responsibility of the management of the Issuer. 
VWL will be entitled to amend the Trust Agreement as provided for in clause 38 (Amendments) of the Trust 
Agreement. 
For the complete text of the Trust Agreement, see "TRUST AGREEMENT".

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
 
 
DATA PROTECTION TRUSTEE 
The Issuer has entered into a Data Protection Trust Agreement with Amsterdamsch Trustee's Kantoor B.V. 
and VWL. 
Amsterdamsch Trustee's Kantoor B.V., a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met 
beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under Dutch law and having its official seat (statutaire zetel) in 
Amsterdam, the Netherlands, has been appointed as Data Protection Trustee under the Data Protection Trust 
Agreement. The managing director of Amsterdamsch Trustee's Kantoor B.V. is A.J. Vink. The sole 
shareholder of Amsterdamsch Trustee's Kantoor B.V. is Intertrust (Netherlands) B.V., a private company with 
limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under Dutch law and 
having its official seat (statutaire zetel) in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. 
The information in the preceding paragraph has been provided by Amsterdamsch Trustee’s Kantoor B.V. for 
use in this Base Prospectus and Amsterdamsch Trustee’s Kantoor B.V. is solely responsible for the accuracy 
of the preceding paragraph, provided that, with respect to any information included herein and specified to be 
sourced from the Data Protection Trustee (i) the Issuer confirms that any such information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the above Information 
available to it from the Data Protection Trustee, no facts have been omitted, the omission would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such 
information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy hereof. Except for the foregoing paragraph, 
Amsterdamsch Trustee’s Kantoor B.V. in its capacity as Data Protection Trustee, and its Affiliates have not 
been involved in the preparation of, and do not accept responsibility for, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
 
 
RATINGS 
The Rated Class A Notes are expected to be rated AAA (sf) by DBRS and AAA (sf) by S&P Global. 
The Rated Class B Notes are expected to be rated at least A(high) (sf) by DBRS and at least A+ (sf) by S&P 
Global. 
The rating of "AAA (sf)" is the highest rating DBRS assigns and "AAA (sf)" is the highest rating S&P Global 
assigns. The suffix "sf" denotes an issue that is a structured finance transaction. 
The rating of the Rated Notes addresses the ultimate payment of principal and timely payment of interest 
according to the Conditions. The rating takes into consideration the characteristics of the Expectancy Rights 
and the related Lease Receivables and the structural, legal, tax and Issuer-related aspects associated with 
the Rated Notes. 
The ratings assigned to the Rated Notes should be evaluated independently from similar ratings on other 
types of securities. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to revision or withdrawal by the Rating Agencies at any time. In the event that the ratings initially assigned to 
any Series of the Rated Notes by the Rating Agencies are subsequently withdrawn or lowered for any reason, 
no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional support or credit enhancement with respect to such 
Series of Rated Notes. 
The Issuer has not requested a rating of the Rated Notes by any rating agency other than the Rating Agencies; 
there can be no assurance, however, as to whether any other rating agency will rate the Rated Notes or, if it 
does, what rating would be assigned by such other rating agency. The rating assigned to the Rated Notes by 
such other rating agency could be lower than the respective ratings assigned by the Rating Agencies. 
References to ratings of DBRS and S&P Global in this Base Prospectus shall refer to www.dbrs.com and 
www.standardandpoors.com, respectively.

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
1. 
General 
The Issuer, a company with limited liability (société anonyme), was incorporated as a special purpose 
vehicle for the purpose of issuing asset backed securities under the laws of Luxembourg on 28 
January 2014, for an unlimited period and has its registered office at 22-24 boulevard Royal, L-2449 
Luxembourg (telephone, (+352) 2602 491). The Issuer is registered with the Luxembourg 
Commercial Register under registration number B184029. 
The Issuer has elected in its Articles of Incorporation to be governed by the Luxembourg 
Securitisation Law. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is: 5299002NC4CH843RN751. 
The Issuer currently does not intend to issue securities on a continuous basis to the public and if at 
a later point it did, it would first apply for a license pursuant to, and in accordance with the provisions 
of the Luxembourg Securitisation Law. 
Further information on the Programme, including this Base Prospectus, can be obtained on the 
website of Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. (https://circumferencefs-luxembourg.com), 
whereby it should be noted that the information on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
2. 
Corporate purpose of the Issuer 
The Issuer has as its business purpose to enter into any type of securitisation transactions within the 
meaning of the Luxembourg Securitisation Law which applies to the Issuer and in particular it may 
acquire or assume, directly or indirectly or through another entity, risks relating to any kind of loans, 
lease receivables, vehicles, related assets, collateral, debt and equity securities or any other kind of 
financial instruments. The Issuer may issue securities of any nature and in any currency and, to the 
largest extent permitted by the Luxembourg Securitisation Law, pledge, mortgage or charge or 
otherwise create security interests in and over its assets, property and rights to secure its obligations. 
The Issuer may enter into any agreement and perform any action necessary or useful for the 
purposes of carrying out transactions permitted by the Luxembourg Securitisation Law, including, 
without limitation, disposing of its assets in accordance with the relevant agreements. The Issuer 
may only carry out the above activities if and to the extent that they are compatible with the 
Luxembourg Securitisation Law. 
3. 
Compartment 
The board of directors of the Issuer may, in accordance with the terms of the Luxembourg 
Securitisation Law, and in particular its article 5, create one or more Compartments within the Issuer. 
Each Compartment shall correspond to a distinct part of the assets and liabilities in respect of the 
corresponding funding. The resolution of the board of directors creating one or more Compartments 
within the Issuer, as well as any subsequent amendments thereto, shall be binding from the date of 
such resolutions against any third party. 
As between investors, each Compartment of the Issuer shall be treated as a separate entity. Rights 
of creditors and investors of the Issuer that (i) relate to a Compartment or (ii) have arisen in 
connection with the creation, the operation or the liquidation of a Compartment are strictly limited to 
the assets of that Compartment which shall be exclusively available to satisfy such creditors and 
investors. Creditors and investors of the Issuer whose rights are not related to a specific 
Compartment of the Issuer shall have no rights to the assets of such Compartment. 
Unless otherwise provided for in the resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer creating such 
Compartment, no resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer may amend the resolution creating 
such Compartment or to directly affect the rights of the creditors and investors whose rights relate to 
such Compartment without the prior approval of the creditors and investors whose rights relate to

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
 
 
such Compartment. Any decision of the board of directors taken in breach of this provision shall be 
void. 
Without prejudice to what is stated in the precedent paragraph, each Compartment of the Issuer may 
be separately liquidated without such liquidation resulting in the liquidation of another Compartment 
of the Issuer or of the Issuer itself. 
Fees, costs, expenses and other liabilities incurred on behalf of the Issuer but which do not relate 
specifically to any Compartment shall be general liabilities of the Issuer and shall not be payable out 
of the assets of any Compartment. The board of directors of the Issuer shall ensure that creditors of 
such liabilities waive recourse to the assets of any Compartment. If such creditors do not waive 
recourse and such general liabilities cannot be otherwise funded, they shall be apportioned pro rata 
among the Compartments of the Issuer upon a decision of the board of directors.  
With board resolution dated 3 November 2015, the Issuer created Compartment 2. 
4. 
Business activity 
The Issuer will carry on business or activities that are incidental to its incorporation, which include 
the entering into certain transactions on and after the Issue Date with respect to the securitisation 
transaction contemplated herein and the issuance of the Notes. 
In respect of the Programme, the principal activities of the Issuer have been (i) the issuance the 
Notes, (ii) the granting of the Security, (iii) the entering into the Subordinated Loan Agreement, (iv) 
the entering into the Swap Agreements and all other Programme Documents to which it is a party, 
(v) the opening of the Distribution Account, the Accumulation Account and the Cash Collateral 
Account and (vi) the exercise of related rights and powers and other activities reasonably incidental 
thereto. 
5. 
Corporate administration and management 
The following directors of the Issuer have been appointed in the shareholders’ meeting following the 
incorporation of the Issuer, 
DIRECTOR 
BUSINESS ADDRESS 
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE THE ISSUER 
Zamyra Heleen Cammans,  
22-24 boulevard Royal 
L-2449 Luxembourg 
Professional in the 
domiciliation business 
Helene Grine-Siciliano 
22-24 boulevard Royal 
L-2449 Luxembourg 
Professional in the 
domiciliation business 
Meenakshi Mussai-Ramassur,  22-24 boulevard Royal 
L-2449 Luxembourg 
Professional in the 
domiciliation business 
 
Each of the directors confirms that there is no conflict of interest between his or her duties as a 
director of the Issuer and his or her principal and/or other activities outside the Issuer. 
Each of the directors further confirms that they do not perform any principal activities outside the 
Issuer which are significant with respect to the Issuer. 
6. 
Capital, shares and shareholders 
The authorised and issued capital of the Issuer is set at EUR 31,000 divided into 3,100 ordinary 
shares of a single class fully paid up, registered shares with a par value of EUR 10 each.  
The sole shareholder of the Issuer is Stichting CarLux which directly controls and owns the Issuer. 
Stichting CarLux is a foundation duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of The 
Netherlands with its registered office at Museumlaan 2, 3581HK Utrecht, The Netherlands. Stichting

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
 
 
CarLux is registered with the trade register of the Chamber of Commerce in Amsterdam under 
number 34283304. 
7. 
Capitalisation 
The share capital of the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus is as follows, 
Share Capital 
Subscribed, issued and fully paid up, EUR 31,000 
8. 
Indebtedness 
The Issuer has no material indebtedness, contingent liabilities and/or guarantees as at the date of 
the Base Prospectus, other than that which the Issuer has incurred or shall incur in relation to the 
transactions contemplated in the Base Prospectus. 
9. 
Holding Structure 
Stichting CarLux, prenamed 
 
3,100 shares 
Total 
 
3,100 shares 
 
10. 
Subsidiaries 
The Issuer has no subsidiaries or Affiliates. 
11. 
Name of the Issuer’s Financial Auditors 
Ernst & Young Luxembourg S.A. 
35E, Avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Ernst & Young Luxembourg S.A. is a member of the Institut des Réviseurs d' Entreprises agréés. 
12. 
Main Process for Director’s Meetings and Decisions 
The Issuer is managed by a board of directors comprising at least three (3) members, whether 
shareholders or not, who are appointed for a period not exceeding six years by the general meeting 
of shareholders which may at any time remove them. 
The number of directors, their term and their remuneration are fixed by the general meeting of the 
shareholders. 
The board of directors may elect from among its members a chairman. 
The board of directors convenes upon call by the chairman, as often as the interest of the Issuer so 
requires. It must be convened each time two directors so request. 
Directors may participate in a meeting of the board of directors by means of conference telephone or 
similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can 
hear and speak to each other, and such participation in a meeting will constitute presence in person 
at the meeting, provided that all actions approved by the directors at any such meeting will be 
reproduced in writing in the form of resolutions. 
Resolutions signed by all members of the board of directors will be as valid and effective as if passed 
at a meeting duly convened and held. Such signatures may appear on a single document or multiple 
copies of an identical resolution and may be evidenced by letter, fax, email or similar communication. 
The board of directors is vested with the powers to perform all acts of administration and disposition 
in compliance with the corporate objects of the Issuer.

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
 
 
13. 
Financial Statements 
Audited financial statements will be published by the Issuer on an annual basis. 
The business year of the Issuer extends from 1 January to 31 December of each year. The first 
business year began on 28 January 2014 (date of incorporation) and ended on 31 December 2014 
so that the first annual general meeting of the shareholder was held on 30 June 2015. 
Ernst & Young Luxembourg S.A., as auditor of VCL Master S.A., audited the annual accounts of VCL 
Master S.A. from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021 and from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 
2022. The Issuers financial year is the calendar year. 
The financial statements of the Issuer for the fiscal years ended on 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2022 are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. See "DOCUMENTS 
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE". 
14. 
Auditors and Auditors' Reports 
The auditors of VCL Master Residual Value S.A. are Ernst & Young Luxembourg S.A., 35E avenue 
John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.  
In the opinion of Ernst & Young Luxembourg S.A., the Issuer's annual accounts gave, in conformity 
with Luxembourg legal and regulatory requirements, a true and fair report of the financial position of 
VCL Master S.A. as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 and of the result of its operations 
from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021 and from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022. 
15. 
Inspection of Documents 
The following documents (or copies thereof) will remain publicly available for at least ten years 
(a) 
the Articles of Incorporation of the Issuer;  
(b) 
minutes of the meeting of the board of directors of the Issuer approving the issue of the 
Notes, the issue of the Base Prospectus and the Programme as a whole; 
(c) 
the Base Prospectus, the Master Definitions Schedule and all the Programme Documents 
referred in this Base Prospectus; and 
(d) 
the historical financial information of the Issuer for the years ending in December 2021 and 
December 2022 of the Issuer. 
and may be inspected at the Issuer’s registered office at 22-24 boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg.  
The Notes will be obligations of the Issuer only and will not be guaranteed by, or be the responsibility of 
Volkswagen Leasing GmbH, Volkswagen AG or any other person or entity. It should be noted, in particular, 
that the Notes will not be obligations of, and will not be guaranteed by the Seller, the Servicer (if different), 
the Interest Determination Agent, the Expectancy Rights Trustee, the Lead Manager, the Arranger or any of 
their respective Affiliates, the Subordinated Lender, the Account Bank, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Registrar, the Swap Counterparties, the Data Protection Trustee or the Corporate 
Services Provider or any other party described under this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have been published or which are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and filed with the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier shall be deemed to be 
incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the Issuer's audited annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022; and  
(b) 
the Issuer's audited annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. 
All of these documents are published and available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) and on the website of Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. (https://circumferencefs-
luxembourg.com). 
The Issuer's audited annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022, prepared in 
accordance with Luxembourg legal and regulatory requirements relating to the preparation of annual 
accounts: 
Page(s) 
Directors' report ............................................................................................................................................ 2-4 
Audit report ................................................................................................................................................... 5-9 
Balance sheet as at 31 December 2022 .................................................................................................. 10-14 
Profit and loss account for the year from 1 January to 31 December 2022 ............................................. 15-16 
Notes to the accounts ............................................................................................................................... 17-25 
https://circumferencefs-luxembourg.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/VCL-Master-Residual-Value-Annual-
Accounts-2022.pdf  
 
The Issuer's audited annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, prepared in 
accordance with Luxembourg legal and regulatory requirements relating to the preparation of annual 
accounts:  
Page(s) 
Directors' report ............................................................................................................................................ 2-4 
Audit report ................................................................................................................................................... 5-9 
Balance sheet as at 31 December 2021 .................................................................................................. 10-14 
Profit and loss account for the period from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021 ................................. 15-16 
Notes to the accounts ............................................................................................................................... 17-25 
https://acrobat.adobe.com/link/review?uri=urn:aaid:scds:US:0db89ee8-1d2b-3571-a007-71a976f24d84 
The parts of the documents incorporated by reference that are not incorporated are either not relevant for an 
investor or covered in another part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
 
 
CORPORATE ADMINISTRATION AND ACCOUNTS 
Corporate Administration 
Pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement, the Issuer has appointed Circumference FS (Luxembourg) 
S.A. 22-24 boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg as Corporate Services Provider to provide management, 
secretarial and administrative services to the Issuer including the provision of directors of the Issuer. The 
Corporate Services Provider is a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated in 
Luxembourg. It is not in any manner associated with the Issuer or with the Volkswagen Group. The Corporate 
Services Provider will inter alia provide the following services to the Issuer: 
– 
provide three directors and secretarial, clerical, administrative services; 
– 
convene meetings of shareholders; 
– 
maintain accounting records; and 
– 
procure that the annual accounts of the Issuer are prepared, audited and filed. 
The Corporate Services Provider will, furthermore, fulfil or cause to be fulfilled all the obligations of the Issuer 
under the Programme Documents to which the Issuer is a party. 
As consideration for the performance of its services and functions under the Corporate Services Agreement, 
the Issuer will pay the Corporate Services Provider a fee as separately agreed. Recourse of the Corporate 
Services Provider against the Issuer is limited accordingly. See "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
NOTES". 
The Corporate Services Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party to the Agreement, without 
any justification, subject to three (3) months prior written notice from the date of the dispatch of a registered 
letter sent in the case of the Issuer by a director of the Issuer on behalf of the Issuer, or in the case of the 
Corporate Services Provider by a director of the Corporate Services Provider on behalf of the Corporate 
Services Provider to, as the case may require, the address of the Corporate Services Provider, or to the 
address of the Issuer. The termination shall only become effective once a replacement Corporate Services 
Provider has been appointed with the Expectancy Rights Trustee’s consent. 
Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A., a société anonyme incorporated in Luxembourg and having its 
registered address at 22-24 boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, will provide 
the corporate services pursuant the Corporate Services Agreement.  
The information in the preceding 5 paragraphs has been provided by Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. 
for use in this Base Prospectus and Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. is solely responsible for the 
accuracy of the preceding 5 paragraphs. Except for the foregoing 5 paragraphs, Circumference FS 
(Luxembourg) S.A. in its capacity as Corporate Services Provider, and its affiliates have not been involved in 
the preparation of, and do not accept responsibility for, this Base Prospectus. 
To the best knowledge and belief of the Issuer, the above information has been accurately reproduced. The 
Issuer is able to ascertain from the above information published by the Corporate Services Provider that no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CLASS A NOTES 
The terms and conditions of the Class A Notes (the "Conditions") are set out below. Annex A to the 
Conditions sets out the "TRUST AGREEMENT", Annex B to the Conditions sets out the "MASTER 
DEFINITIONS SCHEDULE". In case of any overlap or inconsistency in the definition of a term or expression 
in the Conditions and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, the definition contained in the Conditions will prevail. 
For Annex A referred to under the Conditions of the Notes see "TRUST AGREEMENT". 
1. 
Form and nominal amount of the Notes 
(a) 
The issue by VCL Master Residual Value S.A., acting with respect to its Compartment 2 (the "Issuer") 
in an aggregate nominal amount of up to EUR 10,000,000,000 is divided into up to 
100,000 Class A Notes issued in registered global note form (the "Class A Notes"), each having a 
nominal amount of EUR 100,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). 
(b) 
Each Series of Class A Notes is issued in registered form and represented by a global note (each a 
"Global Note") without coupons attached. Each Global Note representing a Series of Class A Notes 
shall be deposited with a common depositary for Clearstream Luxembourg and Euroclear and 
thereafter, each Global Note will be held in book-entry form only. Each Global Note representing a 
Series of Class A Notes will bear the personal signatures of two duly authorised directors of VCL 
Master Residual Value S.A. and will be authenticated by one or more employees or attorneys of The 
Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch (the "Registrar"). 
(c) 
The Issuer will cause to be kept at the specified office of the Registrar a register (the "Register") on 
which will be entered the name and address of the Registered Holder (as defined below) and the 
particulars of such Series of Class A Notes held by them and all transfers and payments (of interest 
and principal) of such Series of Class A Notes. The rights of the Registered Holder (as defined below) 
evidenced by a Global Note and title to a Global Notes itself pass by assignment and registration in 
the Register. Each Global Note representing a Series of Class A Notes will be issued in the name of 
a nominee of the common depositary (the "Registered Holder"). The Registered Holder will be 
registered as Noteholder in the Register. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding Condition 1(c), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg) who 
is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg, as the holder 
of a particular nominal amount of such Class A Notes (in which regard any certificate or other 
document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg, as to the nominal amount of such Series 
of Class A Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and any paying agent as 
the holder of such nominal amount of a Series of Class A Notes for all purposes (and the expressions 
"Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
(e) 
Notwithstanding Condition 1(c), interests in each Series of Class A Notes are transferable only 
according to applicable rules and regulations of Clearstream Luxembourg and Euroclear, as the case 
may be. None of the Notes will be exchangeable for definitive notes. 
(f) 
In addition to the Class A Notes the Issuer has issued Class B floating rate notes (the "Class B 
Notes" and together with the Class A Notes, the "Notes"), which rank junior to the Class A Notes 
with respect to payment of interest and principal as described in the Order of Priority. The Issuer will 
issue further Class B Notes in the Class B Notes Increase Amount on any Further Issue Date. On 
the Closing Date the Issuer has borrowed the Subordinated Loan from the Subordinated Lender and 
on each Further Issue Date the Subordinated Loan Increase Amount, which rank junior to the Notes 
with respect to payment of interest and principal as described in the Order of Priority. 
(g) 
The Notes are subject to the provisions of the Trust Agreement between, inter alia, the Issuer, the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee and VWL. The provisions of the Trust Agreement are set out in Annex A. 
Annex A constitutes part of these Conditions.

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
 
 
2. 
Series 
(a) 
Series of Class A Notes 
On a given Issue Date falling within the Revolving Period, all Class A Notes issued on that date will 
constitute one or several Series of Class A Notes, which shall be identified by means of, 
(i) 
a four digit number representing the year on which the Series was issued, in the following 
format, Series "20xx", followed by,  
(ii) 
the number of such Series in respect of the relevant year, in the following format "y". 
(iii) 
in the following format, Series 20xx-y. 
(b) 
General principles relating to the Series of Class A Notes, 
The Class A Notes of different Series shall not be fungible among themselves. 
All Class A Notes issued within the same Series shall be fungible among themselves in accordance 
with and subject to the following provisions, 
(i) 
the Class A Series 20xx-y Notes of the same Series shall all bear the same interest rate in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 8; 
(ii) 
the interest rate payable under the Class A Series 20xx-y Notes of a given Series shall be 
paid on the same Payment Dates; and 
(iii) 
the Class A Series 20xx-y Notes in respect of a given Series shall have the same Scheduled 
Repayment Date and the same Legal Maturity Date as set out in Condition 9(e). 
3. 
Status and ranking 
(a) 
The Class A Notes of any Series constitute direct, secured, unconditional and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. The Class A Notes rank pari passu among themselves. The Class A Notes 
rank senior to the Class B Notes and the Subordinated Loan. 
(b) 
The claims of the holders of the Class A Notes under the Class A Notes are ranked against the claims 
of all other creditors of the Issuer in accordance with the Order of Priority, unless mandatory 
provisions of law provide otherwise. 
4. 
The Issuer 
The Issuer whose Articles of Incorporation are subject to the Luxembourg Securitisation Law is a 
company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Luxembourg and which has been 
founded solely for the purpose of issuing the Notes and raising the Subordinated Loan and 
concluding and executing various agreements in connection with the Issue of the Notes and the 
raising of the Subordinated Loan. 
5. 
Assets of the Issuer for the purpose of payments on the Notes and on the Subordinated Loan, 
provision of Security, limited payment obligation 
(a) 
The Issuer will use the proceeds of the Issue of the Notes and of the Subordinated Loan to acquire 
from VWL during the Revolving Period (i) Expectancy Rights, Final Payment Receivables and 
Expectancy Rights Related Collateral and (ii) claims against the insurer pursuant to loss insurance 
policies covering the respective Leased Vehicles, damage claims arising from a breach of contract 
or in tort against a respective Lessee, in particular claims to lump-sum damages in case of default of 
the Lessee as well as any interest due and claims against third parties due to damage to or loss of 
the Leased Vehicles and the right to require VWL to repurchase the Purchased Expectancy Rights 
in case of a breach of warranties. The realisation of the Leased Vehicle shall be carried out on the 
basis of the Servicing Agreement by VWL (in this capacity, the "Servicer"). In addition, subject to 
revocation by the Expectancy Rights Trustee, VWL is entitled and obliged according to the provisions

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
 
 
of the Trust Agreement to realise the Leased Vehicles on behalf of the Expectancy Rights Trustee 
as necessary. Furthermore, the Issuer has entered into additional agreements in connection with the 
acquisition of the Purchased Expectancy Rights, Final Payment Receivables and Expectancy Rights 
Related Collateral and the issue of the Notes and the raising of the Subordinated Loan, in particular, 
the Subordinated Loan Agreement with an Affiliate of Volkswagen AG, the Data Protection Trust 
Agreement with the Data Protection Trustee and the Expectancy Rights Trustee, a Corporate 
Services Agreement with the Corporate Services Provider, the Swap Agreement(s) with the Swap 
Counterparties, the Agency Agreement with, inter alia, VWL and the Agents, the Account Agreement 
with, inter alia, the Account Bank, and the Custody Agreement with The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch. The agreements and documents referred to in this paragraph (a) are collectively 
referred to as the "Programme Documents" and the creditors of the Issuer under these Programme 
Documents are referred to as "Programme Creditors".  
(b) 
All payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Subordinated Loan Agreement 
constitute solely obligations to distribute amounts out of the Available Distribution Amount in 
accordance with the applicable Order of Priority as generated, inter alia, by payments to the Issuer 
by the Lessees and by the Swap Counterparties under the Swap Agreement(s), as available on the 
respective Payment Dates according to the Order of Priority of distribution. The Notes of any Series 
shall not give rise to any payment obligation in excess of the foregoing and recourse shall be limited 
accordingly. The Issuer shall hold all moneys paid to it pursuant to clause 20 (Distribution Account, 
Accumulation Account, swap provisions) of the Trust Agreement in the Distribution Account. Further, 
the Issuer will on or around the Issue Date establish and thereafter maintain the Cash Collateral 
Account pursuant to clause 22 (Cash Collateral Account, Accumulation Account) of the Trust 
Agreement to provide limited coverage for payments of interest and principal on the Class A Notes 
and certain other amounts. Furthermore, the Issuer shall exercise all of its rights under the 
Programme Documents with the due care of a prudent businessman such that obligations under the 
Notes may, subject always to the provisions of these Conditions of the Class A Notes as to the Order 
of Priority, be performed to the fullest extent possible. To the extent that upon the exercise of such 
rights funds in the Distribution Account and the Cash Collateral Account are insufficient to satisfy in 
full the claims of all Programme Creditors any claims of holders of Class A Notes of the respective 
Series remaining unpaid shall be extinguished at the Legal Maturity Date applicable to the respective 
Series of Class A Notes and the Issuer shall have no further obligations thereto and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, neither the holders of the Class A Notes of the respective Series nor the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee shall have any further claims against the Issuer in respect of such claims 
remaining unpaid according to the Order of Priority. 
(c) 
The enforcement of the payment obligations under the Notes, the Subordinated Loan Agreement 
and the Swap Agreement(s) pursuant to paragraph (b) shall only be effected by the Expectancy 
Rights Trustee for the benefit of all Noteholders, the Swap Counterparties and the Subordinated 
Lender. The Expectancy Rights Trustee is required to foreclose on the Purchased Expectancy Rights 
and Expectancy Rights Related Collateral in case of a Foreclosure Event, on the conditions and in 
accordance with the terms set forth in clauses 16 (Foreclosure on the Security, Foreclosure Event) 
through 18 (Payments upon occurrence of Foreclosure Event) of the Trust Agreement. 
(d) 
The other parties to the Programme Documents shall not be liable for the obligations of the Issuer. 
(e) 
No shareholder, officer, director, employee or manager of the Issuer or of Volkswagen AG or its 
Affiliates shall incur any personal liability as a result of the performance or non-performance by the 
Issuer of its obligations under the Programme Documents. Any recourse against such a person is 
excluded accordingly. 
(f) 
The recourse of the Programme Creditors is limited to the assets allocated to Compartment 2 of the 
Issuer. 
6. 
Further Covenants of the Issuer 
(a) 
As long as any of the Notes and/or the Subordinated Loan remains outstanding, the Issuer is not 
entitled, without the prior consent of the Expectancy Rights Trustee, to carry out any activities 
described in clause 37 (Actions of the Issuer requiring consent) of the Trust Agreement.

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
The counterparties of the Programme Documents are not liable for covenants of the Issuer. 
7. 
Payment Date, Payment Related Information 
The Issuer shall inform the holders of the Class A Notes, not later than on the "Service Report 
Performance Date" which is the 5th Business Day prior to each Payment Date by means of the 
publication provided for under Condition 12, with reference to the Payment Date (as described below) 
of such month, as follows, 
(a) 
the repayment of the nominal amount payable on each Series of the Class A Notes (if any) and the 
amount of interest calculated and payable on each Series of Class A Notes on the succeeding 25th 
day of such calendar month or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the next following Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day (each respectively a "Payment Date"); 
(b) 
the nominal amount remaining outstanding on each Series of Class A Notes on each respective 
Payment Date and the amount of interest remaining unpaid, if any, on the Notes of each Series as 
from such Payment Date; 
(c) 
the Notes Factor for each Series of Class A Notes; 
(d) 
the remaining General Cash Collateral Amount; and 
(e) 
in the event of the final Payment Date with respect to a Series of Class A Notes, the fact that this is 
the last Payment Date. 
The Issuer shall make available for inspection by the holders of the Class A Notes, in its offices at 
22-24 boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg and during normal business hours, the documents from 
which the figures reported to the holders of the Notes are calculated. 
8. 
Payments of Interest 
(a) 
Subject to the limitations set forth in Condition 5(b) each outstanding principal amount in respect of 
the Class A Notes shall bear interest from (and including) the Issue Date until (but excluding) the day 
on which the principal amount has been reduced to zero. 
(b) 
Interest shall be paid in arrear on each Payment Date. The amount of interest payable in respect of 
each relevant Series of Class A Notes on any Payment Date shall be calculated by the Interest 
Determination Agent by applying the relevant Series of Class A Notes Interest Rate for the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period to the principal amount outstanding of the Notes immediately prior to the 
relevant Payment Date and multiplying the result by the actual number of days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period divided by 360 and rounding the result to the nearest full cent, all as determined by 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch (the "Interest Determination Agent", which shall 
include a substitute or alternative interest determination agent). 
(c) 
The interest rate to be used for calculating the amount of interest payable pursuant to paragraph (a) 
above shall be the EURIBOR rate for one month Euro deposits plus the relevant margin as set out 
in the Relevant Final Terms (the "Margin") per annum, subject to a floor of zero, (the "Class A Notes 
Interest Rate"). Such determination shall also apply to the first Interest Accrual Period. 
(d) 
Accrued Interest not paid on the Class A Notes on the Payment Date related to the Interest Accrual 
Period in which it accrued will be an "Interest Shortfall" with respect to such Class A Note and will 
constitute a Foreclosure Event, if not paid for a period of five Business Days from the relevant 
Payment Date. 
9. 
Payment obligations, extension of maturities and Agents 
(a) 
On each Payment Date the Issuer shall, subject to Condition 5(b), pay to each holder of a Class A 
Note interest at the Class A Notes Interest Rate on the principal amount of the Class A Notes of such 
Series of Class A Notes outstanding immediately prior to the respective Payment Date and during 
the amortizing period redeem the principal amount of the Notes by applying the amount remaining

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
 
 
thereafter in accordance with the Order of Priority. The record date shall be the Business Day, by the 
close of business, preceding the Payment Date. 
(b) 
Sums which are to be paid to holders of the Class A Notes shall be rounded down to the next lowest 
cent amount for each of the Class A Notes. The amount of such rounding down to the next cent 
amount shall be used in the next following Payment Date and the surplus carried over to the following 
Payment Date. The Servicer shall be entitled to any amount resulting from rounding differences of  
less than EUR 500 remaining on the Legal Maturity Date (as defined below). 
(c) 
Payments of principal and interest, if any, on the Class A Notes shall be made by the Principal Paying 
Agent on the Issuer’s behalf for further payment to Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear or to 
their order for credit to the relevant account holders of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. All 
payments in respect of any Class A Note made by, or on behalf of, the Issuer to, or to the order of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall discharge the liability of the Issuer under such Class A 
Note to the extent of sums so paid.  
(d) 
The first Payment Date for the Class A Notes shall be as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The 
final payment of the then outstanding principal amount plus interest thereon is expected to take place 
on or before the Payment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Scheduled Repayment 
Date"). 
(e) 
Notwithstanding Condition 8(d), all payments of interest on and principal of the Class A Notes will be 
due and payable at the latest in full on the legal maturity date of the Class A Notes, which shall be 
the Payment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the " Legal Maturity Date"). 
(f) 
Provided that the Noteholders have received a notice to that effect by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 12 and substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 to these Conditions no later than 
twenty (20) calendar days prior to the final day of the then current Revolving Period (the "Series 
Revolving Period Expiration Date"), the holders of the Class A Notes, acting collectively, shall have 
the right, by written notice to the Principal Paying Agent, the Expectancy Rights Trustee and the 
Issuer substantially in the form of Schedule 2 of these Conditions to be received not later than ten 
(10) calendar days immediately preceding the then amended Series Revolving Period Expiration 
Date, to request, 
(i) 
the extension of the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date for a period specified in the 
relevant notice, 
(ii) 
an amendment to the Margin, and 
(iii) 
the extension of the Legal Maturity Date for a period to be specified in the relevant notice, 
which shall be equal to the period specified in such notice for the extension of the Series 
Revolving Period Expiration Date. 
(g) 
Any amendments so requested shall become effective only if (A) the Issuer has received confirmation 
from the Rating Agencies that the rating of the Class A Notes will not be affected by such 
amendments, or the Rating Agencies have confirmed that the assignment of new ratings are not 
lower than the rating for the then outstanding Class A Notes before the Series Revolving Period 
Expiration Date was extended, or, as applicable, the Issuer has received a new rating confirmation 
stating the same rating for the Class A Notes as applicable prior to the amendments and (B) a 
Positive Buffer Release Amount exists and (C) by no later than the third (3rd) Business Day prior to 
the then current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, the Issuer has confirmed by notice to the 
holders of the Class A Notes in the form prescribed by Condition 12 that it has received such 
reaffirmation and that it agrees to the requested amendments and (D) that the Issuer had arranged 
sufficient interest hedging for the current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date. 
(h) 
The Issuer shall procure that the amendments that have become effective in accordance with these 
provisions will be notified to the Principal Paying Agent for further communication to the common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg immediately after the notice from the holders 
of the relevant Series of Class A Notes has been given.

--- Page 125 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Payments of interest and principal shall be made from the Issuer’s accounts with The Bank of New 
York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch (the "Account Bank") by the Principal Paying Agent, which shall 
include a substitute or alternative paying agent without having to execute an affidavit or fulfil any 
formalities other than the compliance with tax, currency exchange or other regulations of the country 
where the payment takes place. The Issuer is entitled to transfer paid-in amounts to the Account 
Bank prior to the Payment Date and leave with the Account Bank any amounts not claimed by the 
Noteholders upon maturity. 
(j) 
In their capacity as such, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Registrar and the 
Interest Determination Agent, respectively, shall act solely as the agent of the Issuer and shall not 
maintain an agency or trust relationship with the holders of the Class A Notes. The Issuer may 
appoint a new principal paying agent, calculation agent, registrar and/or an interest determination 
agent, or if there are grounds to do so, appoint an alternative principal paying agent, calculation 
agent, registrar and/or an alternative interest determination agent and revoke the appointment of the 
Principal Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, Registrar and/or the Interest Determination Agent as 
provided for in the Agency Agreement. Appointments and revocations thereof shall be announced 
pursuant to Condition 12. The Issuer will ensure that during the term of the Class A Notes and as 
long as the Class A Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange a paying 
agent, an interest determination agent and a calculation agent will be appointed at all times and will 
be released from the restrictions of section 181 of the German Civil Code. 
10. 
Taxes 
Payments shall only be made after the deduction and withholding of current or future taxes, levies or 
government charges, regardless of their nature, which are imposed, raised or collected ("taxes") on 
the basis of the applicable laws of, or for the account of, an authority or government agency 
authorised to levy taxes or of any country which claims fiscal jurisdiction, to the extent that such a 
collection is prescribed by applicable law. The Issuer shall render an account of the deducted or 
withheld taxes accruing to the competent government agencies and shall, upon a Noteholder’s 
request, provide proof thereof. It is not obliged to pay any additional amounts as a result of the 
deduction or withholding. 
11. 
Replacement of Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer is at any time entitled to appoint another company (the "New Issuer") in place of the 
Issuer as debtor for all obligations arising from and in connection with the Class A Notes insofar as 
(i) the New Issuer assumes all rights and duties of the Issuer under or pursuant to the Class A Notes, 
the Class B Notes, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement, 
any Additional Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreements, the Trust Agreement, the Servicing 
Agreement, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Data Protection Trust Agreement, the Swap 
Agreements, the Account Agreement and the Agency Agreement by means of an agreement with 
the Issuer; provided further, the Security is, upon the Issuer’s replacement, to be held by the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee for the purpose of securing the obligations of the New Issuer, (ii) the 
holders of the Notes and the Subordinated Lender of the Subordinated Loan confirm that no further 
expenses or legal disadvantages of any kind arise for any of them from such an assumption of debt 
and this fact has been established in legal opinions which can be examined at the premises of the 
Principal Paying Agent, (iii) the New Issuer provides proof that it has obtained all of the necessary 
governmental approvals in the country in which it has its corporate seat and that it may fulfil all of the 
duties arising out of or in connection with the Trust Agreement without discrimination against the 
holders of the Notes or the Subordinated Lender of the Subordinated Loan as a whole, (iv) the Issuer 
and the New Issuer conclude such agreements and execute such documents which the Expectancy 
Rights Trustee considers necessary for the effectiveness of the replacement and (v) the replacement 
will not adversely affect the validity and enforceability of the Security. The Issuer will notify the Rating 
Agencies on the replacement of the Issuer. Upon fulfilment of the aforementioned conditions the New 
Issuer shall in every respect replace the Issuer, and the Issuer shall be released from all obligations 
relating to the function of an issuer vis-à-vis the holders of the Class A Notes under or in connection 
with the Class A Notes and the Subordinated Loan under or in connection with the Subordinated 
Loan. 
(b) 
Such replacement of the Issuer must be published in accordance with Condition 12.

--- Page 126 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
In the event of such replacement of the Issuer, each reference to the Issuer in these Conditions of 
the Class A Notes shall be deemed to be a reference to the New Issuer. 
12. 
Notices 
All notices to the Noteholders regarding the Notes shall be (i) published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) as long as the Notes are listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require and (ii) be delivered to 
the applicable clearing systems for communication by them to the Noteholders. Any notice referred 
to under (ii) above shall be deemed to have been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after 
the day on which the said notice was delivered to the respective clearing system. Any notice referred 
to under (i) above shall be deemed to have been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after 
the day on which the said notice was published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). 
13. 
Miscellaneous 
(a) 
The form and content of the Class A Notes and all of the rights and obligations of the holders of the 
Class A Notes, the Issuer, the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and the Servicer under these 
Class A Notes shall be subject in all respects to the laws of Germany. The Conditions of any Series 
of the Class A Notes may only be modified through contractual agreement to be concluded between 
the Issuer and all holders of Class A Notes with a prior notification to the Rating Agencies as provided 
for in Sec. 4 of the German Debenture Act (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz - SchVG)) or by a Noteholder’s resolution adopted 
with unanimous consent of the Class A Note Noteholders pursuant to sections 5 to 22 of the 
aforementioned act. 
(b) 
Should any of the provisions hereof be or become invalid in whole or in part, the other provisions 
shall remain in force.  
(c) 
The place of performance and venue is Frankfurt am Main. The German courts have jurisdiction for 
the annulment of the Global Note in the event of loss or destruction. 
(d) 
For any legal proceedings brought in connection with these Conditions of the Class A Notes which 
have been initiated against the Issuer in a court of Germany, the Issuer grants Intertrust 
(Deutschland) GmbH, Eschersheimer Landstraße 14, 60322 Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of 
Germany the authority to accept service of process. The Issuer undertakes to maintain an agent for 
accepting such service in the Federal Republic of Germany as long as any of the Class A Notes are 
outstanding. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above and subject to giving ten (10) Business Days prior notice to the 
Noteholders and the Rating Agencies in writing, including by email, the Issuer will be entitled to 
amend any term or provision of the Conditions (except for the ranking of the Class A Notes, any 
security securing the Class A Notes, the Legal Maturity Date, the Scheduled Repayment Date, the 
Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, any Payment Date, the Class A Notes Interest Rate or the 
amount of payments of any principal) with the consent of the Expectancy Rights Trustee, but without 
the consent of any Noteholder, any Swap Counterparty, the Subordinated Lender, the Arranger, the 
Lead Manager or any other Person if it is advised by a third party authorised under Article 28 of the 
Securitisation Regulation or a reputable international law firm that such amendments are required 
for the Programme to comply with the Securitisation Regulation including the requirements for simple, 
transparent and standardised securitisations set out therein and in any regulatory technical standards 
adopted under the Securitisation Regulation.

--- Page 127 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 1 TO THE CLASS A NOTES 
FORM OF NOTICE TO BE DELIVERED BY THE ISSUER TO THE HOLDERS OF THE CLASS A NOTES IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
CONDITION 9(F) 
Notice to the holders of the Class A Series 20xx-y Notes, issued by VCL Master Residual Value S.A. 
acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 2 (the "Class A Notes"), to be given twenty (20) calendar 
days prior to the expiration of the Expiration Date 
Terms not defined herein  have the meanings given to them in the terms and conditions of the Class A Notes. 
Notice is hereby given to the holders of the Class A Notes that they shall have the right exercisable by written 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent, the Expectancy Rights Trustee and the Issuer to be received not later 
than on the tenth (10th) calendar day immediately preceding the then current Series Revolving Period 
Expiration Date, to request 
(i) 
the extension of the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date for a period to be specified in the 
relevant notice; 
(ii) 
an amendment to the Margin; and 
(iii) 
the extension of the Legal Maturity Date for a period to be specified in the relevant notice, which shall 
be equal to the period specified in such notice for the extension of the Series Revolving Period 
Expiration Date. 
Luxembourg, [date] 
VCL Master Residual Value S.A. acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 2

--- Page 128 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 2 TO THE CLASS A NOTES 
FORM OF NOTICE TO BE DELIVERED BY THE HOLDERS OF THE Series 20xx-y Class A NOTES TO THE PRINCIPAL 
PAYING AGENT, THE EXPECTANCY RIGHTS TRUSTEE AND THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CONDITION 9(F) 
From: 
[Name, address, phone number and fax number of relevant holder]  
To: 
[Issuer] 
[Principal Paying Agent] 
[Expectancy Rights Trustee] 
Series 20xx-y Notes, issued by VCL Master Residual Value S.A. acting for and on behalf of its 
Compartment 2 (the "Notes") 
Dear Sirs, 
Terms not defined in herein have the meanings given to them in the terms and conditions of the Class A 
Notes. 
Reference is made to Condition 9(f) of the terms and conditions of the above mentioned Class A Notes and 
the notice published on [date]. 
We hereby request 
(i) 
the extension of the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date for a period of six months so that the 
extended Series Revolving Period Expiration Date shall be [to be inserted], 
(ii) 
[to be inserted] as amended Margin with effect from (and including) the Payment Date falling in [to 
be inserted]; and 
(iii) 
the extension of the Legal Maturity Date for a period equal to the period specified under (i) above so 
that the extended Legal Maturity Date shall be [to be inserted]. 
We hereby represent and warrant that on the date of this notice  
(i) 
we hold [] per cent. of the Class A Notes outstanding on the date of this notice; and 
(ii) 
we will not sell or transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the Class A Notes prior to the 25th Business 
Day after the date of this notice. 
We hereby acknowledge that the amendments requested above shall become effective only if (A) the Issuer 
has received confirmation from the Rating Agencies that the rating of the Class A Notes will not be affected 
by such amendments and (B) by no later than the third (3rd) Business Day prior to the then current Series 
Revolving Period Expiration Date, the Issuer has confirmed by notice to us (as holders of the Class A Notes) 
in the form prescribed in Condition 12 that it has received such reaffirmation and that it agrees to the requested 
amendments. 
Kind regards, 
[name and signatures of holder]

--- Page 129 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CLASS B NOTES 
The terms and conditions of the Class B Notes (the "Conditions") are set out below. Annex A to the 
Conditions sets out the "Trust Agreement", Annex B to the Conditions sets out the "Master Definitions 
Schedule" and the "Master Definitions Schedule Addendum". In case of any overlap or inconsistency in 
the definition of a term or expression in the Conditions and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, the definition 
contained in the Conditions will prevail. For Annex A referred to under the Conditions of the Notes see "Trust 
Agreement". 
1. 
Form and Nominal Amount of the Notes 
(a) 
The issue by VCL Master Residual Value S.A., acting with respect to its Compartment 2 (the "Issuer") 
in an aggregate nominal amount of up to EUR 10,000,000,000 is divided into up to 
100,000 Class B Notes issued in registered global note form (the "Class B Notes"), each having a 
nominal amount of EUR 100,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). 
(b) 
(Each Series of Class B Notes is issued in registered form and represented by a global note (each a 
"Global Note") without coupons attached. Each Global Note representing a Series of Class B Notes 
shall be deposited with a common depositary for Clearstream Luxembourg and Euroclear and 
thereafter, the Global Note will be held in book-entry form only. Each Global Note representing a 
Series of Class B Notes will bear the personal signatures of two duly authorised directors of VCL 
Master Residual Value S.A. and will be authenticated by one or more employees or attorneys of The 
Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch (the "Registrar"). 
(c) 
The Issuer will cause to be kept at the specified office of the Registrar a register (the "Register") on 
which will be entered the name and address of the Registered Holder (as defined below) and the 
particulars of such Series of Class B Notes held by them and all transfers and payments (of interest 
and principal) of such Series of Class B Notes. The rights of the Registered Holder (as defined below) 
evidenced by a Global Note and title to each Series of Class B Notes itself pass by assignment and 
registration in the Register. Each Global Note representing a Series of Class B Notes will be issued 
in the name of a nominee of the common depositary for Clearstream Luxembourg and Euroclear (the 
"Registered Holder"). The Registered Holder will be registered as Noteholder in the Register. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (c) of this Condition 1, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream 
Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
Luxembourg, as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Series of Class B Notes (in which 
regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg, as to the 
nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for 
all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and any paying agent 
as the holder of such nominal amount of a Series of Class B Notes for all purposes (and the 
expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly). 
(e) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (c) of this Condition 1, interests in each Series of Class B Notes are 
transferable only according to applicable rules and regulations of Clearstream Luxembourg and 
Euroclear, as the case may be. None of the Notes will be exchangeable for definitive notes. 
(f) 
In addition to the Class B Notes, the Issuer has issued Class A floating rate notes (the "Class A 
Notes" and together with the Class B Notes, the "Notes"), which rank senior to the Class B Notes 
with respect to payment of interest and principal as described in the Order of Priority. On the Closing 
Date the Issuer has borrowed the Subordinated Loan from the Subordinated Lender and on each 
Further Issue Date the Subordinated Loan Increase Amount, which rank junior to the Notes with 
respect to payment of interest and principal as described in the Order of Priority. 
(g) 
The Notes are subject to the provisions of the Trust Agreement between, inter alia, the Issuer, the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee and VWL. The provisions of the Trust Agreement are set out in Annex A. 
Annex A constitutes part of these Conditions.

--- Page 130 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
 
 
2. 
Series 
(a) 
Series of Class B Notes: 
On a given Issue Date falling within the Revolving Period, all Class B Notes issued on that date will 
constitute one or several Series of Class B Notes, which shall be identified by means of: 
(i) 
a four digit number representing the year on which the Series was issued, in the following 
format: Series "20xx", followed by:  
(ii) 
the number of such Series in respect of the relevant year, in the following format "y". 
(iii) 
in the following format: Series 20xx-y. 
(b) 
General principles relating to the Series of Class B Notes: 
The Class B Notes of different Series shall not be fungible among themselves. 
All Class B Notes issued within the same Series shall be fungible among themselves in accordance 
with and subject to the following provisions: 
(i) 
the Class B Series 20xx-y Notes of the same Series shall all bear the same interest rate in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 8; 
(ii) 
the interest rate payable under the Class B Series 20xx-y Notes of a given Series shall be 
paid on the same Payment Dates; and 
(iii) 
the Series 20xx-y Notes in respect of a given Series shall have the same Scheduled 
Repayment Date and the same Legal Maturity Date as set out in Condition 9(e). 
3. 
Status and Ranking 
(a) 
The Class B Notes of any Series constitute direct, secured and unconditional obligations of the 
Issuer. The Class B Notes rank pari passu among themselves. The Class B Notes rank junior to the 
Class A Notes and senior to the Subordinated Loan. 
(b) 
The claims of the holders of the Class B Notes under the Class B Notes are ranked against the claims 
of all other creditors of the Issuer in accordance with the Order of Priority, unless mandatory 
provisions of law provide otherwise. 
4. 
The Issuer 
The Issuer whose Articles of Incorporation are subject to the Luxembourg Securitisation Law is a 
company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Luxembourg and which has been 
founded solely for the purpose of issuing the Notes and raising the Subordinated Loan and 
concluding and executing various agreements in connection with the Issue of the Notes and the 
raising of the Subordinated Loan. 
5. 
Assets of the Issuer for the Purpose of Payments on the Notes and on the Subordinated Loan, 
Provision of Security, Limited Payment Obligation 
(a) 
The Issuer will use the proceeds of the Issue of the Notes and of the Subordinated Loan to acquire 
from VWL during the Revolving Period (i) Expectancy Rights, Final Payment Receivables and 
Expectancy Rights Related Collateral and (ii) claims against the insurer pursuant to loss insurance 
policies covering the respective Leased Vehicles, damage claims arising from a breach of contract 
or in tort against a respective Lessee, in particular claims to lump-sum damages in case of default of 
the Lessee as well as any interest due and claims against third parties due to damage to or loss of 
the Leased Vehicles and the right to require VWL to repurchase the Purchased Expectancy Rights 
in case of a breach of warranties. The realisation of the Leased Vehicle shall be carried out on the 
basis of the Servicing Agreement by VWL (in this capacity, the "Servicer"). In addition, subject to 
revocation by the Expectancy Rights Trustee, VWL is entitled and obliged according to the provisions

--- Page 131 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
 
 
of the Trust Agreement to realise the Leased Vehicles on behalf of the Expectancy Rights Trustee 
as necessary. Furthermore, the Issuer has entered into additional agreements in connection with the 
acquisition of the Purchased Expectancy Rights, Final Payment Receivables and Expectancy Rights 
Related Collateral and the issue of the Notes and the raising of the Subordinated Loan, in particular, 
the Subordinated Loan Agreement with an Affiliate of Volkswagen AG, the Data Protection Trust 
Agreement with the Data Protection Trustee and the Expectancy Rights Trustee, a Corporate 
Services Agreement with the Corporate Services Provider, the Swap Agreement(s) with the Swap 
Counterparties, the Agency Agreement with, inter alia, VWL and the Agents, the Account Agreement 
with, inter alia, the Account Bank, and the Custody Agreement with The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch. The agreements and documents referred to in this paragraph (a) are collectively 
referred to as the "Programme Documents" and the creditors of the Issuer under these Programme 
Documents are referred to as "Programme Creditors". 
(b) 
All payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Subordinated Loan Agreement 
constitute solely obligations to distribute amounts out of the Available Distribution Amount in 
accordance with the applicable Order of Priority as generated, inter alia, by payments to the Issuer 
by the Lessees and by the Swap Counterparties under the Swap Agreement(s), as available on the 
respective Payment Dates according to the Order of Priority of distribution. The Notes of any Series 
shall not give rise to any payment obligation in excess of the foregoing and recourse shall be limited 
accordingly. The Issuer shall hold all moneys paid to it of the Trust Agreement – pursuant to clause 
20 (Distribution Account, Accumulation Account, swap provisions) of the Trust Agreement in the 
Distribution Account. Further, the Issuer will on or around the Issue Date establish and thereafter 
maintain the Cash Collateral Account pursuant to clause 22 (Cash Collateral Account, Accumulation 
Account) of the Trust Agreement to provide limited coverage for payments of interest and principal 
on the Class B Notes and certain other amounts. Furthermore, the Issuer shall exercise all of its 
rights under the Programme Documents with the due care of a prudent businessman such that 
obligations under the Class B Notes may, subject always to the provisions of these Conditions of the 
Class B Notes as to the Order of Priority, be performed to the fullest extent possible. To the extent 
that upon the exercise of such rights funds in the Distribution Account and the Cash Collateral 
Account are insufficient to satisfy in full the claims of all Programme Creditors any claims of holders 
of Class B Notes of the respective Series remaining unpaid shall be extinguished at the Legal 
Maturity Date applicable to the respective Series of Class B Notes and the Issuer shall have no 
further obligations thereto and, for the avoidance of doubt, neither the holders of the Class B Notes 
of the respective Series nor the Expectancy Rights Trustee shall have any further claims against the 
Issuer in respect of such claims remaining unpaid according to the Order of Priority. 
(c) 
The enforcement of the payment obligations under the Notes, the Subordinated Loan Agreement 
and the Swap Agreement(s) pursuant to paragraph (b) shall only be effected by the Expectancy 
Rights Trustee for the benefit of all Noteholders, the Swap Counterparties and the Subordinated 
Lender. The Expectancy Rights Trustee is required to foreclose on the Purchased Expectancy Rights 
and Expectancy Rights Related Collateral in case of a Foreclosure Event, on the conditions and in 
accordance with the terms set forth in clauses 16 (Foreclosure on the Security, Foreclosure Event) 
through 18 (Payments upon occurrence of Foreclosure Event) of the Trust Agreement. 
(d) 
The other parties to the Programme Documents shall not be liable for the obligations of the Issuer. 
(e) 
No shareholder, officer, director, employee or manager of the Issuer or of Volkswagen AG or its 
Affiliates shall incur any personal liability as a result of the performance or non-performance by the 
Issuer of its obligations under the Programme Documents. Any recourse against such a person is 
excluded accordingly. 
(f) 
The recourse of the Programme Creditors is limited to the assets allocated to Compartment 2 of the 
Issuer. 
6. 
Further Covenants of the Issuer 
(a) 
As long as any of the Notes and/or the Subordinated Loan remains outstanding, the Issuer is not 
entitled, without the prior consent of the Expectancy Rights Trustee, to carry out any activities 
described in clause 37 (Actions requiring consent) of the Trust Agreement.

--- Page 132 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
The counterparties of the Programme Documents are not liable for covenants of the Issuer. 
7. 
Payment Date, Payment Related Information 
The Issuer shall inform the holders of the Class B Notes, not later than the "Service Report 
Performance Date" which is the 5th Business Day prior to each Payment Date by means of the 
publication provided for under Condition 12, with reference to the Payment Date (as described below) 
of such month, as follows: 
(a) 
the repayment of the nominal amount payable on each Series of the Class B Notes (if any) and the 
amount of interest calculated and payable on each Series of Class B Notes on the succeeding 25th 
day of such calendar month or, if such date is not a Business Day, on the next following Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day (each respectively a "Payment Date"); 
(b) 
the nominal amount remaining outstanding on each Series of Class B Notes on each respective 
Payment Date and the amount of interest remaining unpaid, if any, on the Notes of each Series as 
from such Payment Date; 
(c) 
the Notes Factor for each Series of Class B Notes; 
(d) 
the remaining General Cash Collateral Amount; and 
(e) 
in the event of the final Payment Date with respect to a Series of Class B Notes, the fact that this is 
the last Payment Date. 
The Issuer shall make available for inspection by the holders of the Class B Notes, in its offices at 
22-24 boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg and during normal business hours, the documents from 
which the figures reported to the holders of the Notes are calculated. 
8. 
Payments of Interest 
(a) 
Subject to the limitations set forth in Condition 5(b) each outstanding principal amount in respect of 
the Class B Notes shall bear interest from (and including) the Issue Date until (but excluding) the day 
on which the principal amount has been reduced to zero. 
(b) 
Interest shall be paid in arrear on each Payment Date. The amount of interest payable in respect of 
each Class B Note on any Payment Date shall be calculated by applying the Class B Notes Interest 
Rate for the relevant Interest Accrual Period to the principal amount outstanding of the Notes 
immediately prior to the relevant Payment Date and multiplying the result by the actual number of 
days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period divided by 360 and rounding the result to the nearest full 
cent, all as determined by The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch (the "Interest 
Determination Agent", which shall include a substitute or alternative interest determination agent). 
(c) 
The interest rate to be used for calculating the amount of interest payable pursuant to paragraph (a) 
shall be the EURIBOR rate for one month Euro deposits plus the relevant margin set out in the 
Relevant Final Terms (the "Margin") per annum, subject to a floor of zero, (the "Class B Notes 
Interest Rate"). Such determination shall also apply to the first Interest Accrual Period. 
(d) 
Accrued Interest not paid on the Class B Notes on the Payment Date related to the Interest Accrual 
Period in which it accrued will not be an "Interest Shortfall" with respect to the Class B Notes and 
will be carried over to the next Payment Date. 
9. 
Payment obligations, extension of maturities and Agents 
(a) 
On each Payment Date the Issuer shall, subject to 5(b), pay to each holder of a Class B Note interest 
at the Class B Notes Interest Rate on the principal amount of the Class B Notes of such Series of 
Class B Notes outstanding immediately prior to the respective Payment Date, and during the 
amortizing period redeem the principal amount of the Notes by applying the amount remaining 
thereafter in accordance with the Order of Priority. The record date shall be the Business Day, by the 
close of business, preceding the Payment Date.

--- Page 133 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
Sums which are to be paid to the holders of the Class B Notes shall be rounded down to the next 
lowest cent amount for each of the Class B Notes. The amount of such rounding down to the next 
cent amount shall be used in the next following Payment Date and the surplus carried over to the 
following Payment Date. The Servicer shall be entitled to any amount resulting from rounding 
differences of  less than EUR 500 remaining on the Legal Maturity Date (as defined below). 
(c) 
Payments of principal and interest, if any, on the Class B Notes shall be made by the Principal Paying 
Agent on the Issuer’s behalf for further payment to Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear or to 
their order for credit to the relevant account holders of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. All 
payments in respect of any Class B Note made by, or on behalf of, the Issuer to, or to the order of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall discharge the liability of the Issuer under such Class B 
Note to the extent of sums so paid. 
(d) 
The first Payment Date for the Class B Notes shall be as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The 
final payment of the then outstanding principal amount plus interest thereon is expected to take place 
on or before the Payment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Scheduled Repayment 
Date"). 
(e) 
Notwithstanding Condition 8(d), all payments of interest on and principal of the Class B Notes will be 
due and payable at the latest in full on the legal maturity date of the Notes, which shall be the 
Payment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the " Legal Maturity Date"). 
(f) 
Provided that the holders of the Class B Notes have received a notice from the Issuer in accordance 
with Condition 12 and substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 to these Conditions no later than 
twenty (20) calendar days prior to the final day of the then current Revolving Period (the " Series 
Revolving Period Expiration Date"), all of the holders of the Class B Notes, acting collectively, shall 
have the right, by written notice to the Principal Paying Agent, the Expectancy Rights Trustee and 
the Issuer substantially in the form of Schedule 2 to these Conditions to be received not later than 
ten (10) calendar days immediately preceding the then amended Series Revolving Period Expiration 
Date to request:  
(i) 
the extension of the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date for a period specified in the 
relevant notice, 
(ii) 
an amendment to the Margin, and 
(iii) 
the extension of the Legal Maturity Date for a period to be specified in the relevant notice, 
which shall be equal to the period specified in such notice for the extension of the Series 
Revolving Period Expiration Date. 
(g) 
Any amendments so requested shall become effective only if (A) the Issuer has received confirmation 
from the Rating Agencies that the rating of the Rated Class B Notes will not be affected by such 
amendments, or the Rating Agencies have confirmed that the assignment of new ratings are not 
lower than the rating for the then outstanding Rated Class B Notes before the Series Revolving 
Period Expiration Date was extended, or, as applicable, the Issuer has received a new rating 
confirmation stating the same rating for the Rated Class B Notes as applicable prior to the 
amendments and (B) a Positive Buffer Release Amount exists and (C) by no later than the third (3rd) 
Business Day prior to the then current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, the Issuer has 
confirmed by notice to the holders in the form prescribed by Condition 12 that it has received such 
confirmation and that it agrees to the requested amendments and (D) that the Issuer had arranged 
sufficient interest hedging for the current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date. 
(h) 
The Issuer shall procure that the amendments that have become effective in accordance with these 
provisions will be notified to the Principal Paying Agent for further communication to the common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg immediately after the notice from the holders 
of the relevant Series of Class B Notes has been given. 
(i) 
Payments of interest and principal shall be made from the Issuer’s accounts with The Bank of New 
York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch (the "Account Bank") by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent 
(which shall include a substitute or alternative paying agent), for on-payment to Clearstream,

--- Page 134 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
 
 
Luxembourg and/or Euroclear or to their order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account 
holders of Clearstream, Luxembourg or, as applicable Euroclear without having to execute an 
affidavit or fulfil any formalities other than the compliance with tax, currency exchange or other 
regulations of the country where the payment takes place. The Issuer is entitled to transfer paid-in 
amounts to the Account Bank prior to the Payment Date and leave with the Account Bank any 
amounts not claimed by the Noteholders upon maturity. 
(j) 
In their capacity as such, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Registrar and the 
Interest Determination Agent, respectively, shall act solely as agents of the Issuer and shall not 
maintain an agency or trust relationship with the holders of the Class B Notes. The Issuer may 
appoint a new principal paying agent, calculation agent, registrar and/or an interest determination 
agent, or if there are grounds to do so, appoint an alternative principal paying agent, calculation 
agent, registrar and/or an alternative interest determination agent and revoke the appointment of the 
Principal Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, Registrar and/or the Interest Determination Agent as 
provided for in the Agency Agreement. Appointments and revocations thereof shall be announced 
pursuant to Condition 12. The Issuer will ensure that during the term of the Class B Notes and as 
long as the Class B Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange a paying 
agent, an interest determination agent and a calculation agent will be appointed at all times and will 
be released from the restrictions of section 181 of the German Civil Code. 
10. 
Taxes 
Payments shall only be made after the deduction and withholding of current or future taxes, levies or 
government charges, regardless of their nature, which are imposed, raised or collected ("taxes") on 
the basis of the applicable laws of, or for the account of, an authority or government agency 
authorised to levy taxes or of any country which claims fiscal jurisdiction, to the extent that such a 
collection is prescribed by applicable law. The Issuer shall render an account of the deducted or 
withheld taxes accruing to the competent government agencies and shall, upon a Noteholder’s 
request, provide proof thereof. It is not obliged to pay any additional amounts as a result of the 
deduction or withholding. 
11. 
Replacement of Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer is at any time entitled to appoint another company (the "New Issuer") in place of the 
Issuer as debtor for all obligations arising from and in connection with the Class B Notes insofar as 
(i) the New Issuer assumes all rights and duties of the Issuer under or pursuant to the Class A Notes, 
the Class B Notes, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement, 
any Additional Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreements, the Trust Agreement, the Servicing 
Agreement, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Data Protection Trust Agreement, the Swap 
Agreements, the Account Agreement and the Agency Agreement by means of an agreement with 
the Issuer; provided further, the Security is, upon the Issuer’s replacement, to be held by the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee for the purpose of securing the obligations of the New Issuer, (ii) the 
holders of the Notes and the Subordinated Lender of the Subordinated Loan confirm that no further 
expenses or legal disadvantages of any kind arise for any of them from such an assumption of debt 
and this fact has been established in legal opinions which can be examined at the premises of the 
Principal Paying Agent, (iii) the New Issuer provides proof that it has obtained all of the necessary 
governmental approvals in the country in which it has its corporate seat and that it may fulfil all of the 
duties arising out of or in connection with the Trust Agreement without discrimination against the 
holders of the Notes or the Subordinated Lender of the Subordinated Loan as a whole, (iv) the Issuer 
and the New Issuer conclude such agreements and execute such documents which the Expectancy 
Rights Trustee considers necessary for the effectiveness of the replacement and (v) the replacement 
will not adversely affect the validity and enforceability of the Security. The Issuer will notify the Rating 
Agencies on the replacement of the Issuer. Upon fulfilment of the aforementioned conditions the New 
Issuer shall in every respect replace the Issuer, and the Issuer shall be released from all obligations 
relating to the function of an issuer vis-à-vis the holders of the Class B Notes under or in connection 
with the Class B Notes and the Subordinated Lender under or in connection with the Subordinated 
Loan. 
(b) 
Such replacement of the Issuer must be published in accordance with Condition 12.

--- Page 135 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
In the event of such replacement of the Issuer, each reference to the Issuer in these Conditions of 
the Class B Notes shall be deemed to be a reference to the New Issuer. 
12. 
Notices 
All notices to the Noteholders regarding the Notes shall be (i) published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) as long as the Notes are listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require and (ii) be delivered to 
the applicable clearing systems for communication by them to the Noteholders. Any notice referred 
to under (ii) above shall be deemed to have been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after 
the day on which the said notice was delivered to the respective clearing system. Any notice referred 
to under (i) above shall be deemed to have been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after 
the day on which the said notice was published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). 
13. 
Miscellaneous 
(a) 
The form and content of the Class B Notes and all of the rights and obligations of the holders of the 
Class B Notes, the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and the Servicer under these 
Class B Notes shall be subject in all respects to the laws of Germany. The Conditions of any Series 
of the Class B Notes may only be modified through contractual agreement to be concluded between 
the Issuer and all holders of Class B Notes with a prior notification to the Rating Agencies as provided 
for in section 4 of the German Debenture Act (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz - SchVG)) or by a Noteholder’s resolution adopted 
with unanimous consent of the holders of the Class B Notes pursuant to sections 5 to 22 of the 
aforementioned act. 
(b) 
Should any of the provisions hereof be or become invalid in whole or in part, the other provisions 
shall remain in force.  
(c) 
The place of performance and venue is Frankfurt am Main. The German courts have jurisdiction for 
the annulment of the Global Note in the event of loss or destruction. 
(d) 
For any legal proceedings brought in connection with these Conditions of the Class B Notes which 
have been initiated against the Issuer in a court of Germany, the Issuer grants Intertrust 
(Deutschland) GmbH, Eschersheimer Landstraße 14, 60322 Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of 
Germany the authority to accept service of process. The Issuer undertakes to maintain an agent for 
accepting such service in the Federal Republic of Germany as long as any of the Class B Notes are 
outstanding. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above and subject to giving ten (10) Business Days prior notice to the 
Noteholders and the Rating Agencies in writing, including by email, the Issuer will be entitled to 
amend any term or provision of the Conditions (except for the ranking of the Class B Notes, any 
security securing the Class B Notes, the Legal Maturity Date, the Scheduled Repayment Date, the 
Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, any Payment Date, the Class B Notes Interest Rate or the 
amount of payments of any principal) with the consent of the Expectancy Rights Trustee, but without 
the consent of any Noteholder, any Swap Counterparty, the Subordinated Lender, the Arranger, the 
Lead Manager or any other Person if it is advised by a third party authorised under Article 28 of the 
Securitisation Regulation or a reputable international law firm that such amendments are required 
for the Programme to comply with the Securitisation Regulation including the requirements for simple, 
transparent and standardised securitisations set out therein and in any regulatory technical standards 
adopted under the Securitisation Regulation.

--- Page 136 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 1 TO THE CLASS B NOTES 
FORM OF NOTICE TO BE DELIVERED BY THE ISSUER TO THE HOLDERS OF THE CLASS B NOTES IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
CONDITION 9(F) 
Notice to the holders of the Class B Notes, issued by VCL Master Residual Value S.A. acting for and 
on behalf of its Compartment 2 (the "Class B Notes"), to be given twenty (20) calendar days prior to 
the expiration of the Expiration Date 
Terms not defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the terms and conditions of the Class B 
Notes. 
Notice is hereby given to the holders of the Class B Notes that they shall have the right exercisable by written 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Expectancy Rights Trustee and the Issuer to be 
received not later than on the tenth (10th) calendar day immediately preceding the current Series Revolving 
Period Expiration Date, to request 
(i) 
the extension of the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date for a period to be specified in the 
relevant notice; 
(ii) 
an amendment to the Margin; and 
(iii) 
the extension of the Legal Maturity Date for a period to be specified in the relevant notice, which shall 
be equal to the period specified in such notice for the extension of the Series Revolving Period 
Expiration Date. 
Luxembourg, [date] 
VCL Master Residual Value S.A. acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 2

--- Page 137 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 2 TO THE CLASS B NOTES 
FORM OF NOTICE TO BE DELIVERED BY THE HOLDERS OF THE CLASS B NOTES TO THE PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, 
THE EXPECTANCY RIGHTS TRUSTEE AND THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CONDITION 9 
From: 
[Name, address, phone number and fax number of relevant holder] 
To: 
[Issuer] 
[Principal Paying Agent] 
[Expectancy Rights Trustee] 
Class B Notes, issued by VCL Master Residual Value S.A. acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 
2 (the "Notes") 
Dear Sirs, 
Terms not defined in herein shall have the meaning given to them in the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
Reference is made to Condition 9(f) of the terms and conditions of the above mentioned Class B Notes and 
the notice published on [date]. 
We hereby request 
(i) 
the extension of the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date for a period of six months so that the 
extended Series Revolving Period Expiration Date shall be [to be inserted], 
(ii) 
[to be inserted] as amended Margin with effect from (and including) the Payment Date falling in [to 
be inserted], and 
(iii) 
the extension of the Legal Maturity Date for a period equal to the period specified under (i) above so 
that the extended Legal Maturity Date shall be [to be inserted]. 
We hereby represent and warrant that as of the date of this notice  
(i) 
we hold [] per cent. of the Class B Notes outstanding on the date of this notice; and 
(ii) 
we will not sell or transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the Class B Notes prior to the 25th Business 
Day after the date of this notice. 
We hereby acknowledge that the amendments requested above shall become effective only if (A) the Issuer 
has received confirmation from the Rating Agencies that the rating of the Rated Class B Notes will not be 
affected by such amendments and (B) by no later than the third (3rd) Business Day prior to the then current 
Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, the Issuer has confirmed by notice to us (as holders of the Class B 
Notes) in the form prescribed in Condition 12 that it has received such reaffirmation and that it agrees to the 
requested amendments. 
Kind regards, 
[name and signatures of holder]

--- Page 138 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
 
 
ANNEX A 
TRUST AGREEMENT 
1. 
DEFINITIONS, INTERPRETATION AND COMMON TERMS  
1.1 
Definitions 
(a) 
Unless otherwise defined herein or the context requires otherwise, capitalised terms used in 
this Agreement have the meanings ascribed to them in clause 1 of the Master Definitions 
Schedule (the "Master Definitions Schedule") set out in the Incorporated Terms 
Memorandum (the "Incorporated Terms Memorandum") which is dated on or about the 
date of this Agreement and signed, for purposes of identification, by each of the Programme 
Parties. The terms of the Master Definitions Schedule are hereby expressly incorporated 
into this Agreement by reference. 
(b) 
In the event of any conflict between the Master Definitions Schedule and this Agreement, 
this Agreement prevails. 
1.2 
Interpretation 
Terms in this Agreement, except where otherwise stated or where the context otherwise requires, 
shall be construed in the same way as set forth in clause 2 of the Master Definitions Schedule. 
1.3 
Common Terms 
(a) 
Incorporation of Common Terms 
Except as provided below, the Common Terms apply to this Agreement and are binding on 
the parties to this Agreement as if set out in full in this Agreement. 
(b) 
Common Terms 
If there is any conflict between the provisions of the Common Terms and the provisions of 
this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement prevail, subject always to compliance with 
clauses 10 (Non-petition and limited recourse), 17 (Non-petition and limited recourse in 
favour of Regency), 18 (Non-petition and limited recourse in favour of Matchpoint) and 19 
(Non-petition and limited recourse in favour of Irish Ring) of the Common Terms. 
(c) 
Governing law and jurisdiction 
This Agreement and all matters (including non-contractual duties and claims) arising from or 
connected with it are governed by German law in accordance with clause 13 (Governing 
law) of the Common Terms. Clause 14 (Jurisdiction) of the Common Terms applies to this 
Agreement as if set out in full in this Agreement. 
PART A 
Duties and Position of the Expectancy Rights Trustee 
2. 
DUTIES OF THE EXPECTANCY RIGHTS TRUSTEE 
2.1 
This Agreement establishes the rights and obligations of the Expectancy Rights Trustee to carry out 
the tasks assigned to it in this Agreement. Unless otherwise set forth in this Agreement, the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee is not obliged to supervise the discharge of the payment and other 
obligations of the Issuer arising from the Funding and the Programme Documents or to carry out 
duties which are the responsibility of the management of VCL Master Residual Value S.A.  
2.2 
The Issuer agrees and authorises that the Expectancy Rights Trustee acts for the Programme 
Creditors pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the English law Security Assignment Deed. 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee agrees to act accordingly.

--- Page 139 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
 
 
3. 
POSITION OF THE EXPECTANCY RIGHTS TRUSTEE IN RELATION TO THE PROGRAMME CREDITORS 
3.1 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee carries out the duties specified in this Agreement as a trustee 
(Treuhänder) for the benefit of the Programme Creditors. The Expectancy Rights Trustee shall 
exercise its respective duties hereunder with particular regard to the interests of the Programme 
Creditors, giving priority to the interests of each Programme Creditor in accordance with the Order 
of Priority, especially to the interests of the Noteholders. 
3.2 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee shall at any time be entitled to seek instructions from the Programme 
Creditors as to the manner in which it should endeavour to carry out any course of action which it is 
obliged to carry out or endeavour to carry out pursuant to this Agreement or the Programme 
Documents and shall, save as otherwise provided in this Agreement, use reasonable efforts to act 
on the instructions of the Programme Creditors pursuant to any such request. 
3.3 
This Agreement grants all Programme Creditors the right to demand that the Expectancy Rights 
Trustee performs its duties under clause 2 and all its other duties hereunder in accordance with this 
Agreement and therefore this Agreement constitutes, in favour of the Programme Creditors that are 
not (validly) parties to this Agreement (in particular the Noteholders) a contract for the benefit of a 
third party pursuant to section 328 of the German Civil Code. The rights of the Issuer pursuant to 
clause 4.3 shall not be affected. 
4. 
POSITION OF THE EXPECTANCY RIGHTS TRUSTEE IN RELATION TO THE ISSUER 
4.1 
With respect to the Security, the Expectancy Rights Trustee is legally a secured party 
(Sicherungsnehmer) in relation to the Issuer. Accordingly, to the extent that the Purchased 
Expectancy Rights, the Final Payment Receivables and the other Expectancy Rights Related 
Collateral will be transferred by the Issuer to the Expectancy Rights Trustee for collateral purposes 
in accordance with clause 5.1, in insolvency proceedings on the Expectancy Rights Trustee’s estate, 
as the case may be, such rights would be segregated (Aussonderungsrecht) as assets of the Issuer 
held in trust (treuhänderisch). 
4.2 
The Issuer hereby grants to the Expectancy Rights Trustee a separate Trustee Claim, entitling the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee to demand from the Issuer, 
(a) 
that any present or future obligation of the Issuer in relation to the Noteholders shall be 
fulfilled; 
(b) 
that any present or future obligation of the Issuer in relation to a Programme Creditor of the 
Programme Documents, respectively, shall be fulfilled; and 
(c) 
(if the Issuer is in default with any Secured Obligation(s)) that any payment owed under the 
respective Secured Obligation will be made to the Expectancy Rights Trustee for on-
payment to the Programme Creditors and discharge the Issuer's obligation accordingly. 
The right of the Issuer to make payments to the respective Programme Creditor shall remain 
unaffected. The Trustee Claim in whole or in part may be enforced separately from the relevant 
Programme Creditor’s claim related thereto. In the case of a payment pursuant to clause 4.2(c), the 
Issuer will have a claim against the Expectancy Rights Trustee for on-payment to the respective 
Programme Creditors. 
4.3 
The obligations of the Expectancy Rights Trustee under this Agreement are owed exclusively to the 
Programme Creditors, except for the obligations and declarations of the Expectancy Rights Trustee 
to the Issuer pursuant to clause 4.1, clause 4.2 last sentence, clause 10 and clause 32. 
PART B 
Granting of Collateral 
5. 
ASSIGNMENT FOR SECURITY PURPOSES; TRANSFER OF TITLE FOR SECURITY PURPOSES 
5.1 
The Issuer hereby assigns or transfers (as applicable) the following rights and claims to the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee for security purposes:

--- Page 140 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
all present and future Purchased Expectancy Rights, Purchased Final Payment Receivables 
and Expectancy Rights Related Collateral, which the Seller transfers to the Issuer pursuant 
to the provisions of the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement and any Additional 
Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement, and all rights arising from Purchased Expectancy 
Rights, Purchased Final Payment Receivables and corresponding Expectancy Rights 
Related Collateral; and 
(b) 
in lieu of a transfer of direct possession (Übergabesurrogat), the Issuer hereby assigns to 
the Expectancy Rights Trustee its claims (Ansprüche), whether present or future, contingent 
or absolute to request delivery/transfer of possession (Herausgabe) of the Leased Vehicles 
in relation to the Purchased Expectancy Rights against the relevant Lessees and third 
parties who may be in direct possession (unmittelbarer Besitz) of the relevant Leased 
Vehicles; and 
(c) 
all its claims and other rights (other than rights vis-à-vis the Expectancy Rights Trustee) 
arising from the Programme Documents (including the rights to unilaterally alter a legal 
relationship (unselbständige Gestaltungsrechte)); and 
(d) 
all its claims and other rights from all present and future contracts the Issuer has entered or 
may enter into in connection with the Notes, the Subordinated Loan, the Swap Agreements, 
or Purchased Expectancy Rights, the Purchased Final Payment Receivables and 
corresponding Expectancy Rights Related Collateral; and 
(e) 
all transferable claims (i) in respect of the Accounts of the Issuer opened pursuant to the 
Account Agreement and (ii) in respect of all bank accounts which will be opened under this 
Agreement in the name of the Issuer in the future. 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee hereby accepts the assignment and transfer (as applicable) and, in 
particular, recognises the obligations of the Issuer to release the Purchased Final Payment 
Receivables and the corresponding Expectancy Rights Related Collateral pursuant to the provisions 
of the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement and any Additional Expectancy Rights Purchase 
Agreement to the Seller and confirms to be bound by such obligations as if such obligations were 
directly owed by the Expectancy Rights Trustee to the Seller. 
5.2 
The right of the Expectancy Rights Trustee under section 402 of the German Civil Code to demand 
from the Seller information and/or documents is limited to the extent that such demand does not 
result in a violation of Data Protection Rules. Otherwise, the Seller shall deliver such information to 
the Issuer in encrypted form and shall deliver to the Data Protection Trustee the relevant Portfolio 
Decryption Key(s), who may in turn release such information and/or documents only in accordance 
with clause 4 (Delivery of the Portfolio Decryption Key by the Data Protection Trustee) of the Data 
Protection Trust Agreement. 
5.3 
The assignments for collateral purposes pursuant to clause 5.1(a) are subject to the condition 
precedent that the transfer of the rights specified in clause 5.1(a) from the Seller to the Issuer 
pursuant to clauses 3 (Transfer of title to the Purchased Initial Expectancy Rights) and 5 (Transfer of 
title to the Purchased Additional Expectancy Rights) of the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement 
or any Additional Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement becomes effective.  
5.4 
If an express or implied current account relationship exists or is later established between the Issuer 
and a third party, the Issuer hereby assigns to the Expectancy Rights Trustee – without prejudice to 
the generality of the provisions in clause 5.1 – the right to receive a periodic account statement and 
the right to payment of present or future balances (including a final net balance determined upon the 
institution of any insolvency proceedings according to the Applicable Insolvency Law regarding the 
estate of the Issuer), as well as the right to terminate the current account relationship and to the 
determination and payment of the closing net balance upon termination. 
6. 
PLEDGE 
The Issuer hereby pledges to the Expectancy Rights Trustee all its present and future claims against 
the Expectancy Rights Trustee arising under the Programme Documents as well as its present and

--- Page 141 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
 
 
future claims under the Distribution Account, the Accumulation Account and the Cash Collateral 
Account as well as its present and future claims under the Account Agreements, which have not yet 
been transferred for security purposes under clause 5.1. The Issuer hereby gives notice to the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee of such pledge and the Expectancy Rights Trustee hereby confirms the 
receipt of such notice. The Issuer gives notice to the Account Bank on the pledge and the Account 
Bank confirmed receipt of such notification in the Account Agreements. 
7. 
SECURITY PURPOSE 
The assignment pursuant to clause 5.1 and the pledge pursuant to clause 6 are made for the purpose 
of securing the rights of the Programme Creditors against the Issuer acting with respect to its arising 
under the Funding (with respect to the Notes and the Subordinated Loan) and the Programme 
Documents. 
8. 
AUTHORITY TO COLLECT; ASSUMPTION OF OBLIGATIONS; FURTHER ASSIGNMENT 
8.1 
The Issuer is authorised to collect, to have collected, to realise and to have realised in the ordinary 
course of its business or otherwise to use the rights and assets assigned for security purposes 
pursuant to clause 5 and the rights pledged pursuant to clause 6, including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, to sell and transfer title to the Leased Vehicles in relation to the Purchased Expectancy Rights 
to VWL in accordance with the provisions of the Repurchase Agreement. 
8.2 
The authority provided in clause 8.1 is deemed to be granted only to the extent that all obligations of 
the Issuer are fulfilled in accordance with the Order of Priority prior to a Foreclosure Event. The 
authority may be revoked by the Expectancy Rights Trustee at any time if this is necessary in the 
opinion of the Expectancy Rights Trustee to avoid endangering the Security or its value. The authority 
shall automatically terminate upon the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event pursuant to clause 16. 
8.3 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee is authorised to (and in the case of (a) below, shall) assign the 
Purchased Expectancy Rights, the Purchased Final Payment Receivables and the other Expectancy 
Rights Related Collateral assigned in accordance with clause 5.1 for security purposes, 
(a) 
in the event the Expectancy Rights Trustee is replaced and all Purchased Rights are 
assigned to a new Expectancy Rights Trustee (the "New Expectancy Rights Trustee"); or 
(b) 
upon occurrence of a Foreclosure Event pursuant to clause 16; or 
(c) 
if the Foreclosure Event pursuant to clause 16 threatens to occur because taxes are levied 
by German and/or Luxembourg tax authorities on payments under the Purchased 
Expectancy Rights, or if such levy is to be introduced, and if the negative consequences 
thereof can be avoided in whole or in part through the transfer, or 
(d) 
if – as long as VWL is the Servicer – VWL has given its consent to such assignment or if it 
unreasonably withholds its consent; such a withholding of consent shall as a rule be 
considered unreasonable if a transfer does not negatively and materially affect the interests 
of VWL, the Lessees or the Issuer and the Programme Creditors risk material disadvantages 
without such a transfer. 
8.4 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee has been appointed to exclusively hold the Purchased Expectancy 
Rights, the Purchased Final Payment Receivables and corresponding other Expectancy Rights 
Related Collateral. 
8.5 
In the case of an assignment pursuant to clause 8.3 above, the Expectancy Rights Trustee, as the 
case may be, shall agree with the respective transferee that the transferee shall assume all of the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee's rights and obligations under this Agreement. 
9. 
REPRESENTATION OF THE ISSUER 
9.1 
The Issuer represents and warrants to the Expectancy Rights Trustee that, 
(a) 
the Security has not already been assigned or pledged to a third party; and

--- Page 142 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
the Issuer has not established any third-party rights on or in connection with the Security. 
9.2 
The Issuer shall pay damages pursuant to sections 280(1) and 280(3) of the German Civil Code if 
the legal existence of the Security transferred for security purposes in accordance with this 
Agreement is invalid as a consequence of any action or omission by the Issuer contrary to clause 9.1. 
10. 
REPRESENTATIONS OF THE EXPECTANCY RIGHTS TRUSTEE 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee represents and warrants to the Issuer that: 
10.1 
it is legally competent and in a position to perform the duties assigned to it in this Agreement in 
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, and that, at the time of signing this Agreement, a 
ground for termination pursuant to clause 30 is neither known nor is reasonably foreseen by the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee; and 
10.2 
it has and will continue to have its centre of main interest (as that term is used in Article 3(1) of the 
EU Insolvency Regulation) in the United Kingdom and has not and will not have an establishment 
(being a place of operations where a company carries out non-transitory economic activity with 
human means and goods) as referred to in the EU Insolvency Regulation outside of the United 
Kingdom. 
11. 
RELEASE OF SECURITY 
11.1 
As soon as the Issuer has fully performed and discharged all Secured Obligations and any other 
obligations secured by this Agreement, the Expectancy Rights Trustee shall promptly retransfer any 
remaining Security transferred to it under this Agreement which the Expectancy Rights Trustee still 
holds at such time, to or to the order of the Issuer. The Expectancy Rights Trustee undertakes to 
notify the shareholder of the Issuer of the full discharge and satisfaction of all obligations secured 
hereunder and of the retransfer of the Security. For the purpose of release, the Expectancy Rights 
Trustee may rely on evidence which shows that all moneys necessary for the discharge and 
satisfaction of the obligations secured by this Agreement have been transferred to the Principal 
Paying Agent for further distribution in accordance with the Agency Agreement. A written confirmation 
of the Principal Paying Agent will be sufficient evidence.  
PART C 
Duties of the Expectancy Rights Trustee prior to occurrence of the Foreclosure Event 
12. 
ACCEPTANCE, SAFEKEEPING AND REVIEW OF DOCUMENTS; NOTIFICATION OF THE ISSUER 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee may demand from the Issuer the on-transfer of the documents 
delivered to the Issuer in connection with the reporting of the Seller pursuant to clause 2.3 (Purchase 
agreement concerning the Initial Expectancy Rights) and clause 4.3 (Purchase agreement 
concerning the Additional Expectancy Rights) of the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement and 
any Additional Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement and clause 9 (Reporting duties, Duties under 
the Swap Agreements and Reporting Duties under the Securitisation Regulation) of the Servicing 
Agreement and the Expectancy Rights Trustee shall,  
(a) 
keep such documents for one year after the termination of this Agreement and, at the 
discretion of the Issuer, thereafter either destroy such documents or deliver the same to the 
Issuer or to the Seller; or 
(b) 
forward the documents to the New Expectancy Rights Trustee if the Expectancy Rights 
Trustee is replaced in accordance with causes 30 through 32. 
13. 
ACCOUNTS 
13.1 
Should one of the Accounts be terminated either by the Account Bank, or by the Issuer, the Issuer 
shall promptly inform the Expectancy Rights Trustee of such termination. The Issuer shall, together 
with the Expectancy Rights Trustee, open an account, on conditions as close as possible to those 
previously received, with the Successor Bank specified by the Expectancy Rights Trustee, which has 
at least the Account Bank Required Ratings. The Issuer shall conclude a new Account Agreement

--- Page 143 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
 
 
with the Successor Bank as counterparty and with the consent of the Expectancy Rights Trustee the 
new Account Agreement shall include a provision, in which the Successor Bank undertakes to 
promptly notify the other contract parties of any downgrade in its rating. 
13.2 
For the avoidance of doubt, in case one of the Accounts is at any time held with a Successor Bank, 
and the Issuer or the Expectancy Rights Trustee receives a notice pursuant to clause 13.1 with regard 
to the Successor Bank, then the procedure laid out in clause 13.1 shall also apply for such Successor 
Bank. 
14. 
BREACH OF OBLIGATIONS BY THE ISSUER 
14.1 
If the Expectancy Rights Trustee in the course of its respective activities becomes aware that the 
existence or the value of the Security is at risk due to any failure of the Issuer to properly comply with 
its obligations under this Agreement, the Expectancy Rights Trustee shall, subject to the provisions 
in clause 14.2, deliver a notice to the Issuer in reasonable detail of such failure (with a copy to the 
Servicer) and, if the Issuer does not remedy such failure within ninety (90) days after the delivery of 
such notice, the Expectancy Rights Trustee shall at its discretion take or induce all actions which in 
the opinion of the Expectancy Rights Trustee are necessary to avoid such threat. To the extent that 
the Issuer does not comply with its obligations pursuant to clause 35 in respect of the Security and 
does not remedy such failure within the 90-day period after the notice set forth above, the Expectancy 
Rights Trustee is in particular authorised and shall exercise all rights arising under the Programme 
Documents on behalf of the Issuer. 
14.2 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee shall only intervene in accordance with clause 14.1 if and to the 
extent that it is assured that it will be indemnified to its satisfaction, at its discretion either by 
reimbursement of costs or in any other way it deems appropriate, against all costs and expenses 
resulting from its activities (including fees for retaining counsel, banks, auditors, or other experts as 
well as the expenses for retaining third parties to perform certain duties) and against all liability, any 
other obligations and legal proceedings. Clause 33 shall not be affected hereby. 
15. 
POWER OF ATTORNEY 
The Issuer hereby grants by way of security power of attorney to the Expectancy Rights Trustee, 
waiving the restrictions set forth in section 181 of the German Civil Code, and with the right to grant 
substitute power of attorney, to act in the name of the Issuer with respect to all rights of the Issuer 
arising under the Programme Documents (except for the rights vis-à-vis the Expectancy Rights 
Trustee). It shall expire as soon as a New Expectancy Rights Trustee has been appointed pursuant 
to clauses 30 through 32 and the Issuer has issued a power of attorney to such New Expectancy 
Rights Trustee having the same contents as the above power of attorney. The Expectancy Rights 
Trustee shall only act under this power of attorney in the context of its rights and obligations pursuant 
to this Agreement. 
PART D 
Duties of the Expectancy Rights Trustee after occurrence of a Foreclosure Event and enforcement 
and sale of Leased Vehicles and Expectancy Rights 
16. 
FORECLOSURE ON THE SECURITY; FORECLOSURE EVENT 
16.1 
Subject to clause 17, the Security shall be subject to enforcement and/or foreclosure upon the 
occurrence of a Foreclosure Event. Upon becoming aware of the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, 
the Expectancy Rights Trustee shall without undue delay give notice to the Noteholders, and the 
Subordinated Lender and shall notify the Rating Agencies of the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event. 
16.2 
After the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, the Expectancy Rights Trustee will at its reasonable 
discretion, in accordance with the rights and duties imposed on it by this Agreement and the interests 
of the Programme Creditors, foreclose or enforce or cause the foreclosure or the enforcement of the 
Security. Unless compelling grounds to the contrary exist, the foreclosure and enforcement shall be 
performed by collecting payments made into the Accounts from the Security or, inter alia, by 
assignment pursuant to clause 8.3(b). The provisions of the Corporate Services Agreement shall be 
unaffected by the foreclosure of the Security (subject to the provisions of clause 8.3.

--- Page 144 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
 
 
16.3 
Within fifteen (15) days after the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, the Expectancy Rights Trustee 
shall give notice to the Noteholders, the Subordinated Lender and each Swap Counterparty, 
specifying the manner in which it intends to foreclose and enforce on the Security, in particular, 
whether it intends to sell the Security, and apply the proceeds from such foreclosure and/or 
enforcement to satisfy the obligations of the Issuer, subject to the Order of Priority in clause 21.2. If, 
within 60 days after the publication of such notice, the Expectancy Rights Trustee receives written 
notice from a Noteholder or Noteholders representing more than 66 2/3 per cent. of the outstanding 
principal amount of the Class A Notes or, if no Class A Notes are outstanding, more than 66 2/3 per 
cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the Class B Notes, whereby any notice of a Noteholder, 
being VW Bank GmbH and its affiliates will not be taken into account, objecting to the action proposed 
in the Expectancy Rights Trustee’s notice, the Expectancy Rights Trustee shall not undertake or shall 
cease undertaking such action (other than the collection of payments on the Accounts from the 
Security). Furthermore, the Expectancy Rights Trustee is obliged to provide the Rating Agencies 
upon their request, with all relevant information pertaining to the Enforcement Event. For the 
avoidance of doubt, upon the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, the Expectancy Rights Trustee 
is not automatically required to liquidate the Purchased Expectancy Rights at market value. 
17. 
ENFORCEMENT AND SALE OF EXPECTANCY RIGHTS AND LEASED VEHICLES 
17.1 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee has been appointed to exclusively hold, inter alia, the Purchased 
Expectancy Rights. The Expectancy Rights Trustee herewith authorises the Issuer or the Relevant 
Security Trustee, as the case may be, to sell or enforce or to have sold or enforced, to administer 
and to do such other acts as are necessary in connection with the holding, administration and 
realisation of such Purchased Expectancy Rights assigned to the Expectancy Rights Trustee. 
17.2 
The Leased Vehicles relating to the Purchased Expectancy Rights which have been transferred for 
security purposes to the Expectancy Rights Trustee shall, following expiry or termination of the 
underlying Lease Contract, be sold by the Issuer or enforced by the Expectancy Rights Trustee, as 
follows: 
(a) 
Prior to the occurrence of a Servicer Insolvency Event, the Issuer or the Expectancy Rights 
Trustee, as applicable, shall sell the Leased Vehicles either in accordance with the terms of 
the Repurchase Agreement or by other means and the Relevant Security Trustee consents 
to such sale. The Issuer's portion of the Vehicle Sale Amount or the Repurchase Price, as 
applicable, shall be an amount equal to the present value of the Purchased Expectancy Right 
under such Lease Contract. 
In case of excess payments over the respective sale proceeds, such excess payments shall, 
provided that all amounts due to the Relevant Lease Receivables Purchaser under the 
Relevant Receivables Purchase Agreement in the context of the Purchased Lease 
Receivables and all amounts due to the Issuer with respect to the Purchased Expectancy 
Rights have been paid, be paid to VWL.  
(b) 
Following the occurrence of a Servicer Insolvency Event, the Relevant Security Trustee and 
the Expectancy Rights Trustee shall be free to sell or have sold the Leased Vehicles to any 
third party. Proceeds resulting from such sale shall be allocated to the Issuer as follows: 
(i) 
if the Lease Contract relating to such Leased Vehicle has prematurely ended prior 
to the contractual lapse of contract (Ablauf der regulären, ursprünglich vereinbarten 
Leasingdauer) for any reason other than termination (Kündigung) by VWL, 
insolvency or death of the Lessee, the Issuer's portion shall be an amount equal to 
the present value of the Purchased Expectancy Right under such Lease Contract; 
or  
(ii) 
if the Lease Contract has prematurely ended prior to the contractual lapse of 
contract (Ablauf der regulären, ursprünglich vereinbarten Leasingdauer) because 
of a termination (Kündigung) by VWL or insolvency or death of the Lessee, the 
Issuer's portion shall be an amount equal to such proceeds multiplied by a fraction 
expressed as a percentage

--- Page 145 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
 
 
(1) the numerator of which is the present value of the Leased Vehicle's residual 
value determined as of the originally scheduled contractual end date of the 
Lease 
Contract 
as 
assessed 
by 
a 
vehicle 
expert 
(Kraftfahrzeugsachverständiger) under such Lease Contract and the 
denominator of which is the sum of the present value of the Leased Vehicle’s 
residual value determined on the originally scheduled contractual end date of 
the 
Lease 
Contract 
as 
assessed 
by 
a 
vehicle 
expert 
(Kraftfahrzeugsachverständiger) and the present value of the remaining 
Purchased Lease Receivables under such Lease Contract; or 
(2) to the extent the present value of the Leased Vehicle’s residual value has not 
been assessed by a vehicle expert (Kraftfahrzeugsachverständiger), the 
numerator of which is the present value of the contractually agreed Leased 
Vehicle's residual value as specified in the respective Lease Contract and the 
denominator of which is the sum of the present value of the contractually 
agreed Leased Vehicle's residual value as specified in the respective Lease 
Contract and the present value of the remaining Purchased Lease Receivables 
under such Lease Contract. 
In case of excess payments over the respective sale proceeds, such excess payments shall, 
provided that all amounts due to the Relevant Lease Receivables Purchaser under the 
Relevant Receivables Purchase Agreement in the context of the related Purchased Lease 
Receivables and all amounts due to the Issuer with respect to the Purchased Expectancy 
Rights have been paid, be paid to VWL. 
(c) 
If a Lessee makes a combined payment on the lease receivable for all lease contracts that 
it has with VWL and does not instruct which payment needs to be allocated to which lease 
contract, then the allocation between the related Purchased Lease Receivables and the 
other lease receivables still held by VWL or third parties shall be made by VWL after 
consulting the Lessee. The Lessee will then instruct VWL how to allocate this combined 
payment. In case this combined payment covers the total amount of all his respective 
monthly instalments, VWL will allocate the payment to each contract of the Lessee in 
accordance with the respective payment schedules for such lease contracts.  
17.3 
Any proceeds allocated in accordance with clause 17.2 of this Agreement on collected Purchased 
Expectancy Rights (which shall include, for the avoidance of doubt, also the relevant share of the 
Issuer allocated in accordance with clauses 17.2(a) and 17.2(b), as applicable) shall be credited by 
VWL to the Distribution Account.  
18. 
PAYMENTS UPON OCCURRENCE OF THE FORECLOSURE EVENT 
18.1 
Upon the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, the Security may be claimed exclusively by the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee. All payments from such Security hereafter shall only be made to the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee.  
18.2 
As from the Foreclosure Event, payments on the obligations of the Issuer may not be made as long 
as, in the opinion of the Expectancy Rights Trustee, such payment will jeopardise the fulfilment of 
any later maturing obligation of the Issuer with higher rank in accordance with the Order of Priority. 
18.3 
In the case of payments on the Notes or the Subordinated Loan, the Expectancy Rights Trustee shall 
provide the Noteholders and the Subordinated Lender with advance notice of the Payment Date 
pursuant to the Conditions of the Notes or the Subordinated Loan. In the case of such payment, the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee is only responsible for making the relevant amount available to the 
Principal Paying Agent. In order to do so, the Expectancy Rights Trustee shall rely on the records of 
the Registrar in relation to any determination of the principal amount outstanding of each Global Note. 
For this purpose, "records" means the records that each of the Relevant Clearing Systems holds for 
its customers, which reflect the amount of such customer’s interest in the Notes. 
18.4 
After all obligations under the Programme Documents have been finally discharged and paid in full 
the Expectancy Rights Trustee shall pay out any remaining amounts to the Issuer.

--- Page 146 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
 
 
19. 
CONTINUING DUTIES 
Clauses 12 through 14 shall continue to apply after the Foreclosure Event has occurred. 
PART E 
Accounts; Order of Priority 
20. 
DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT; ACCUMULATION ACCOUNT; SWAP PROVISIONS 
20.1 
The Distribution Account shall be used for the fulfilment of the payment obligations of the Issuer.  
20.2 
The Issuer shall ensure that all payments made to it shall be made by way of a bank transfer to or 
deposit or in any other way into the Distribution Account. 
20.3 
The Accumulation Account shall be used on each Payment Date to collect moneys paid under items 
eleventh and twelfth of the Order of Priority for reinvestment in Additional Expectancy Rights at any 
time after such Payment Date to deposit payments collected from the realisation of Expectancy 
Rights which amounts may be used to purchase Additional Expectancy Rights. No principal will be 
paid on the Notes during the Revolving Period, except (i) to the extent the relevant Series of Notes 
qualifies as an Amortising Series, or (ii) in the context of a disposal of assets by the Issuer as foreseen 
in clause 8.7 (Early settlement/ Clean-up Call/ sale of Expectancy Rights to other securitisation 
vehicles) of the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement. 
20.4 
The Issuer has entered into Swap Agreements to hedge the floating rate interest exposure on the 
respective series of Notes. The Issuer may in the following situations and under the following 
conditions enter into new swap transactions:  
(a) 
The Issuer may, from time to time, enter into replacement Swap Agreements with 
replacement Swap Counterparties in the event that a Swap Agreement is terminated prior 
to its scheduled expiration pursuant to an "event of default" or "termination event" under the 
respective Swap Agreement. The respective replacement Swap Agreement will have an 
initial notional amount equal to the applicable notional amount of the terminated Swap 
Agreement as at termination. The notional amount of the respective replacement Swap 
Agreement will decrease by the amount of any principal repayments on the series of Notes 
or increase by the amount of any principal increase on the series of Notes from time to time. 
(b) 
The Issuer will use reasonable efforts to enter into new interest rate Swap Agreements upon 
the issuance of further series of Notes, provided that: 
(i) 
Such new interest rate Swap Agreements are basically on the same terms and 
conditions as the existing Swap Agreements; and 
(ii) 
It is ensured that the notional amount under the new Swap Agreement will at all 
times be equal to the lower of (x) the maximum notional amount under the new 
Swap Agreement and (y) the outstanding principal balance of the corresponding 
new issued series of Notes. 
20.5 
The Servicer shall calculate and provide, by delivery of the Monthly Servicer Report written 
notification to each Swap Counterparty and to the Expectancy Rights Trustee of the notional amount 
of each Swap Agreement on each Payment Date on or before the reporting date in the month of the 
related Payment Date. The Interest Determination Agent shall provide the Servicer with the 
calculation of EURIBOR. The Servicer shall provide the calculation of EURIBOR to the Expectancy 
Rights Trustee under this Agreement and shall calculate the amount, for each Payment Date, of all 
Net Swap Payments, Net Swap Receipts and Swap Termination Payments payable in accordance 
with clause 21.2(a) item sixth below on each Payment Date and shall provide written notification of 
such amounts to the relevant Swap Counterparty and to the Expectancy Rights Trustee on the 
Servicer Report Performance Date. The parties hereto hereby acknowledge that with respect to the 
obligations under each Swap Agreement of the parties thereto, all calculations shall be performed by 
the calculation agent thereunder.

--- Page 147 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
 
 
20.6 
Any Swap Replacement Proceeds received by the Issuer or the Expectancy Rights Trustee on behalf 
of the Issuer from a replacement Swap Counterparty shall be remitted directly to the Swap 
Termination Payment Account and shall be applied in payment of any Swap Termination Payments 
to the Swap Counterparty under the initial Swap Agreement outside of the applicable Order of Priority. 
If Swap Replacement Proceeds are insufficient to pay in full the Swap Termination Payment due to 
the initial Swap Counterparty, any shortfall shall be paid in accordance with the applicable Order of 
Priority. If Swap Replacement Proceeds exceed the Swap Termination Payment due to the initial 
Swap Counterparty, any excess shall be treated as part of the Available Distribution Amount. 
20.7 
In the event that a Swap Counterparty is required to collateralise its obligations pursuant to the terms 
of the applicable Swap Agreement, the Issuer will open the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral 
Account with the Distribution Account Bank within ten (10) Business Days and such amounts will be 
held in the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account for such Swap Agreement and any securities 
deposited therein will be held by the Expectancy Rights Trustee on trust for the Swap Counterparty. 
The Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account shall be separated from the Distribution Account 
and from the general cash flow of the Issuer. Collateral deposited in the Counterparty Downgrade 
Collateral Account shall not constitute Available Distribution Amounts. Amounts standing to the credit 
of the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account shall secure solely the payment obligations of the 
relevant Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the applicable Swap Agreement. The amounts in the 
Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account will be applied in or towards satisfaction of the Swap 
Counterparty's obligations to the Issuer upon termination of the respective Swap Agreement. Any 
Excess Swap Collateral owing to the respective Swap Counterparty pursuant to the relevant Swap 
Agreement shall not be available to Programme Creditors and shall be returned to such Swap 
Counterparty in accordance with the applicable Swap Agreement and outside of the Order of Priority. 
The Swap Counterparty shall bear any costs and expenses in connection with the Counterparty 
Downgrade Collateral Account. If the Issuer incurs any liabilities, costs or expenses in connection 
with the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account, the Swap Counterparty shall reimburse the 
Issuer immediately upon request from the Issuer. 
21. 
ORDER OF PRIORITY 
21.1 
Prior to the full and unconditional discharge of all obligations of the Issuer to the Programme 
Creditors, any credit in the Distribution Account and the Cash Collateral Account shall be distributed 
exclusively in accordance with clauses 21.2 and clause 22. 
21.2 
In respect of the Notes, distributions will be made on each Payment Date from the Available 
Distribution Amount according to the following Order of Priority: 
(a) 
on each Payment Date prior to the occurrence of an Enforcement Event: 
first, in or towards payment of amounts due and payable in respect of taxes (if any) by VCL 
Master Residual Value S.A. and allocated to VCL Master Residual Value S.A.’s 
Compartment 2; 
second, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts (excluding any 
payments under the Trustee Claims) due and payable and allocated to VCL Master Residual 
Value S.A.’s Compartment 2 (i) to the Expectancy Rights Trustee under this Agreement and 
(ii) pari passu to any successor of the Expectancy Rights Trustee (if applicable) appointed 
pursuant to clause 30 or 31 of this Agreement or under any agreement replacing this 
Agreement; 
third, in or towards payment of the Servicer Fee to the Servicer; 
fourth, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts due and payable and 
allocated to VCL Master Residual Value S.A.’s Compartment 2 (i) to the Corporate Services 
Provider under the Corporate Services Agreement, (ii) to the Data Protection Trustee under 
the Data Protection Trust Agreement; (iii) to the Rating Agencies the fees for the monitoring, 
and (iv) to the Process Agent and the English Process Agent under the process agency 
agreements;

--- Page 148 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
 
 
fifth, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts due and payable and 
allocated to VCL Master Residual Value S.A.’s Compartment 2 (i) to the directors of VCL 
Master Residual Value S.A. and (ii) in respect of other administration costs and expenses of 
the Issuer including without limitation, any costs relating to the listing of the Notes, or any 
amounts due and payable to the paying agents, any auditors’ fees, any tax filing fees and 
any annual return which are to be allocated to Compartment 2; 
sixth, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts due and payable and 
allocated to the Account Bank maintaining the Accounts for account management fees and 
amounts payable to the Cash Administrator for cash administration fees due under the 
Account Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Interest Determination 
Agent and the Calculation Agent under the Agency Agreement, to the Custodian of any 
amounts due to it from the Issuer under the Custody Agreement and a Note Purchaser under 
the Programme Agreement; 
seventh, pari passu and rateably as to each other on all series of Notes of amounts due and 
payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparties in respect of any Net Swap Payments or 
any Swap Termination Payments under a Swap Agreement (if any and provided that a Swap 
Counterparty under the respective Swap Agreement is not a defaulting party (as defined in 
the respective Swap Agreement) and there has been no termination of the transaction under 
the Swap Agreement due to a termination event relating to the respective Swap 
Counterparty’s downgrade); 
eighth, pari passu and rateably to each other of amounts due and payable in respect of (a) 
interest accrued on the Class A Notes during the immediately preceding Interest Accrual 
Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and rateably as to each other on all 
series of Class A Notes; 
ninth, pari passu and rateably to each other of amounts due and payable in respect of (a) 
interest accrued on the Class B Notes during the immediately preceding Interest Accrual 
Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and rateably as to each other on all 
series of Class B Notes; 
tenth, in or towards payment to the Cash Collateral Account, until the General Cash 
Collateral Amount is equal to the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance; 
eleventh, pari passu and rateably, in or towards payment of (a) the Amortisation Amounts to 
each Amortising Series of Class A Notes and (b) an amount equal to the Class A 
Accumulation Amount to the Accumulation Account maintained for Non-Amortising Series 
of Notes; 
twelfth, pari passu and rateably, in or towards payment of (a) the Amortisation Amounts to 
each Amortising Series of Class B Notes and (b) an amount equal to the Class B 
Accumulation Amount to the Accumulation Account maintained for Non-Amortising Series 
of Notes; 
thirteenth, pari passu and rateably as to each other in or towards payment to the Swap 
Counterparties of any payments due under the respective Swap Agreements other than 
those made under item seventh above, if any; 
fourteenth, upon the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to VWL, all remaining 
excess shall be transferred pro rata and pari passu to any VCL Master Distribution Account 
until all series of VCL Master Notes relating to such VCL Master Distribution Account are 
redeemed in full; 
fifteenth, pari passu and rateably as to each other in or towards payment to amounts due 
and payable in respect of (a) interest accrued during the immediately preceding Interest 
Accrual Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) on the Subordinated Loan;

--- Page 149 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
 
 
sixteenth, in or towards payment to the Subordinated Lender to reduce the outstanding 
principal amount of the Subordinated Loan; and 
seventeenth, to pay all remaining excess to VWL by way of a final success fee. 
(b) 
Distribution will be made from the Cash Collateral Account on any Payment Date prior to the 
occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, if and to the extent the General Cash Collateral Amount 
exceeds the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance and no Credit 
Enhancement Increase Condition is in effect, according to the following Order of Priority, 
provided that for any Payment Date on which a Term Takeout takes place, the Specified 
General Cash Collateral Account Balance shall be calculated using the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes following the redemption of the Notes that occurs 
on such Payment Date as a result of such Term Takeout: 
first, to the Subordinated Lender, amounts payable in respect of accrued and unpaid interest 
on the Subordinated Loan (including, without limitation, overdue interest); 
second, to the Subordinated Lender an amount necessary to reduce the outstanding 
principal amount of the Subordinated Loan; and 
third, all remaining excess to VWL by way of a final success fee. 
(c) 
Following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, distributions will be made by the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee from the Available Distribution Amount and from any amounts 
standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account, and according to the following Order 
of Priority, 
first, amounts due and payable in respect of taxes (if any) by VCL Master Residual Value 
S.A. and allocated to VCL Master Residual Value S.A.’s Compartment 2; 
second, amounts (excluding any payments under the Trustee Claim) due and payable and 
allocated to VCL Master Residual Value S.A.’s Compartment 2 (i) to the Expectancy Rights 
Trustee under this Agreement and (ii) pari passu to any successor of the Expectancy Rights 
Trustee (if applicable) appointed pursuant to clause 30 or 31 of this Agreement or under any 
agreement replacing this Agreement; 
third, in or towards payment of the Servicer Fee to the Servicer; 
fourth, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts due and payable and 
allocated to VCL Master Residual Value S.A.’s Compartment 2 (i) to the Corporate Services 
Provider under the Corporate Services Agreement, (ii) to the Data Protection Trustee under 
the Data Protection Trust Agreement; (iii) to the Rating Agencies the fees for the monitoring, 
and (iv) to the Process Agent and the English Process Agent under the process agency 
agreements; 
fifth, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts due and payable and 
allocated to VCL Master Residual Value S.A.’s Compartment 2 (i) to the directors of VCL 
Master Residual Value S.A. and (ii) in respect of other administration costs and expenses of 
the Issuer including without limitation, any costs relating to the listing of the Notes, or any 
amounts due and payable to the paying agents, any auditors’ fees, any tax filing fees and 
any annual return which are to be allocated to Compartment 2; 
sixth, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts due and payable and 
allocated to the Account Bank maintaining the Accounts for account management fees and 
amounts payable to the Cash Administrator for cash administration fees due under the 
Account Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Interest Determination 
Agent and the Calculation Agent under the Agency Agreement, to the Custodian of any 
amounts due to it from the Issuer under the Custody Agreement and a Note Purchaser under 
the Programme Agreement;

--- Page 150 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
 
 
seventh, pari passu and rateably as to each other on all series of Notes amounts due and 
payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparties in respect of any Net Swap Payments or 
any Swap Termination Payments under a Swap Agreement (if any and provided that a Swap 
Counterparty under the respective Swap Agreement is not a defaulting party (as defined in 
the respective Swap Agreement) and there has been no termination of the transaction under 
the Swap Agreement due to a termination event relating to the respective Swap 
Counterparty’s downgrade); 
eighth, pari passu and rateably to each other towards payment of amounts due and payable 
in respect of (a) interest accrued on the Class A Notes during the immediately preceding 
Interest Accrual Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and rateably as to each 
other on all series of Class A Notes; 
ninth, pari passu and rateably to the holders of Class A Notes in respect of principal until the 
Class A Notes are redeemed in full; 
tenth, pari passu and rateably to each other towards payment of amounts due and payable 
in respect of (a) interest accrued on the Class B Notes during the immediately preceding 
Interest Accrual Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and rateably as to each 
other on all series of Class B Notes; 
eleventh, pari passu and rateably to the holders of Class B Notes in respect of principal until 
the Class B Notes are redeemed in full; 
twelfth, pari passu and rateably as to each other in or towards payment to the Swap 
Counterparties of any payments due under the respective Swap Agreements other than 
those made under item seventh above, if any; 
thirteenth, upon the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to VWL, all remaining 
excess shall be transferred to the VCL Master Distribution Account until all series of VCL 
Master Notes are redeemed in full; 
fourteenth, towards payment of amounts due and payable in respect of (a) interest accrued 
during the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) 
on the Subordinated Loan; 
fifteenth, to the Subordinated Lender until the Subordinated Loan has been redeemed in full; 
and 
sixteenth, to pay all remaining excess to VWL by way of a final success fee. 
21.3 
Notwithstanding the provisions of clauses 21.1 and 22.2, (i) any proceeds arising from a Term 
Takeout shall not be distributed according to the Order of Priority but shall be distributed  
first to the then outstanding Class A Notes, until the Redeemable Amount of all then outstanding 
Class A Notes has been redeemed in full;  
second to the then outstanding Class B Notes, until the Redeemable Amount of all then outstanding 
Class B Notes has been redeemed in full;  
third to the Subordinated Loan; and 
fourth to VWL by way of an additional success fee. 
and (ii) amounts distributed to a specific Series of Class A Notes or a specific Series of Class B Notes 
exceeding the amount required to redeem such Series in full shall be distributed to the other Series 
of Class A Notes and the other Series of Class B Notes, respectively, whereas in case of Non-
Amortising Series of Notes, any redemption payments shall be made in a way to redeem a certain 
number of Notes in their principal amount of Euro 100,000.

--- Page 151 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
 
 
22. 
CASH COLLATERAL ACCOUNT; ACCUMULATION ACCOUNT 
22.1 
Under the Account Agreement the Issuer has established the Cash Collateral Account at the Account 
Bank to be used for the initial cash collateral in an amount equal to the General Cash Collateral 
Amount.  On each Payment Date which is also an Issue Date, VWL will fund an increase of the Cash 
Collateral Account with an amount equal to the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance. 
The Issuer will deposit such funds in the Cash Collateral Account at the Account Bank and has 
agreed to keep these accounts at all times with a bank that has Account Bank Required Ratings. In 
the event that the Cash Collateral Account Bank ceases to have the Account Bank Required Ratings, 
the Issuer shall within sixty (60) calendar days procure transfer of the accounts held with it to an 
Eligible Collateral Bank notified to it by the Issuer. 
22.2 
The Cash Collateral Account will contain a Buffer Release Reserve Ledger in which the Buffer 
Release Reserve will be administered. The purpose of the Buffer Release Reserve is to ensure that 
the Issuer will continue to be able to make any payments pursuant to items first to ninth of the Order 
of Priority, as set out in clause 21.2(a) above, if and to the extent the Available Distribution Amount 
is not sufficient to cover payments to be made pursuant to items first to ninth of the Order of Priority, 
as set out in clause 21.2(a) above, on any Payment Date. 
22.3 
Prior to the service of an Enforcement Notice, an amount equal to any negative difference between 
the Available Distribution Amount (not taking into account items (i) and (j) of the definition of Available 
Distribution Amount) and the aggregate payments to be made pursuant to items first to ninth of the 
Order of Priority, as set out in clause 21.2(a) above, if and to the extent paid by the Seller or standing 
to the credit of the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger, will form part of the Available Distribution Amount 
and will, subject to and in accordance with the relevant Order of Priority, be applied towards payment 
of items first to ninth of the Order of Priority, as set out in clause 21.2(a) above. For the sake of 
clarification, if and to the extent the Buffer Release Reserve has been funded, amounts standing to 
the credit of the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger shall be used to cover any shortfalls in the amounts 
payable under the first to ninth items (inclusive) of the Order of Priority, as set out in clause 21.2(a) 
above, prior to the use of the Cash Collateral Amount. Following the service of an Enforcement 
Notice, distributions will be made by the Expectancy Rights Trustee from the Available Distribution 
Amount and from any amounts standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account, and according 
to the applicable Order of Priority.  
22.4 
On each Payment Date amounts payable under item tenth of the respective Order of Priority 
according to clause 21.2(a) above will be paid until the amount of funds in the Cash Collateral 
Account is equal to the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance, respectively. On each 
Payment Date after the amounts standing to the credit of the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger have 
either been reduced to zero or no funding of the Buffer Release Reserve or no payment of the 
Negative Buffer Release Amount  has been made so far, the General Cash Collateral Amount shall 
be used  
(a) 
to cover any shortfalls in the amounts payable under items first through ninth of the 
respective Order of Priority in clause 21.2(a) above; 
(b) 
to make payment of the amounts due and payable under clause 21.2(b) above; and  
(c) 
on the earlier of (i) the latest occurring Legal Maturity Date of any Series of Notes or (ii) the 
date on which the Aggregate Expectancy Rights Balance has been reduced to zero, to make 
payment of the amounts due and payable under items eleventh, twelfth, fifteenth and 
sixteenth of the Order of Priority set out in clause 21.2(a). 
22.5 
If on any Payment Date prior to the service of an Enforcement Notice, the balance deposited on the 
Buffer Release Reserve Ledger exceeds the actual Required Buffer Release Reserve Amount, such 
excess shall be repaid directly to the Seller (whereby such excess shall not form part of the Available 
Distribution Amount). 
22.6 
Upon full and final discharge of all obligations under the Notes and the Subordinated Loans and upon 
fulfilment of all claims of all Programme Creditors, VWL shall be entitled to the sums remaining in the 
Cash Collateral Account (including any amounts standing to the credit of the Buffer Release Reserve

--- Page 152 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
 
 
Ledger).  All interest accrued on the Cash Collateral Account shall be segregated and shall be paid 
to VWL on an annual basis on the Payment Date falling in September of each calendar year. The 
Cash Collateral Account shall be closed as soon as all Purchased Lease Receivables as well as all 
Purchased Expectancy Rights and rights to Security have been realised after final payment in full of 
the Notes and the Subordinated Loans. After the closing of the Cash Collateral Account, VWL is 
entitled to any Purchased Lease Receivables and Purchased Expectancy Rights still outstanding. 
22.7 
The Issuer has established at the Accumulation Account Bank the Accumulation Account to collect 
during the Revolving Period payments as set forth in items eleventh and twelfth of the respective 
Order of Priority according to clause 21.2(a). During the Revolving Period, amounts on deposit in the 
Accumulation Account shall be used by the Issuer for the purchase of Additional Expectancy Rights 
from VWL according to the terms for the purchase of the Additional Expectancy Rights as set forth 
in clause 4 et seq. of the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement or the relevant Additional 
Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement. Interest earned on the Accumulation Account shall be paid 
to the Issuer in accordance with the relevant bank mandate and shall be part of the Available 
Distribution Amount. Upon the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event, the Accumulation Account 
shall be closed on the subsequent Payment Date and any amounts on deposit in the Accumulation 
Account shall form part of the Available Distribution Amount pursuant to limb (g) of the definition of 
Available Distribution Amount. 
23. 
RELATION TO THIRD PARTIES; OVERPAYMENT 
23.1 
In respect of the Security, the Order of Priority shall be binding on all Programme Creditors of the 
Issuer. In respect of other assets of the Issuer, such Order of Priority shall only be applicable internally 
between the Programme Creditors, the Expectancy Rights Trustee and the Issuer; in third party 
relationships, the rights of the Programme Creditors and the Expectancy Rights Trustee will have 
equal rank to those of the third-party creditors of the Issuer.  
23.2 
The Order of Priority set forth in clause 21 shall also be applicable if the claims are transferred to a 
third party by assignment, subrogation into a contract, or otherwise. 
23.3 
All payments to Programme Creditors shall be subject to the condition that, if a payment is made to 
a Programme Creditor in breach of the Order of Priority such Programme Creditor shall repay - with 
commercial effect to the relevant Payment Date - the received amount to the Expectancy Rights 
Trustee; the Expectancy Rights Trustee shall then pay - with commercial effect to the relevant 
Payment Date - such moneys received in the way that they were payable in accordance with the 
aforementioned Order of Priority on the relevant Payment Date. If such non-complying payment is 
not repaid on the relevant Payment Date by such Programme Creditor, following the non-complying 
payment or if the claim to repayment is not enforceable, the Expectancy Rights Trustee is authorised 
and obliged to adapt the distribution provisions pursuant to clause 21 in such a way that any over- or 
underpayments made in breach of clause 21 are set off by correspondingly increased or decreased 
payments on such Payment Date (and, to the extent necessary, on all subsequent Payment Dates). 
PART F 
Delegation; advisors 
24. 
DELEGATION 
24.1 
In individual instances, the Expectancy Rights Trustee may, at market prices (if appropriate, after 
obtaining several offers), retain the services of a reputable law firm or credit institution to assist it in 
performing the duties assigned to it under this Agreement, by delegating the entire or partial 
performance of the following duties, 
(a) 
the undertaking of individual measures pursuant to clause 14, specifically the enforcement 
of certain claims against the Issuer or a Programme Creditor; 
(b) 
the foreclosure on the Security pursuant to clause 16; 
(c) 
the settlement of payments pursuant to clause 18; and

--- Page 153 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
 
 
(d) 
the settlement of overpayments pursuant to clause 23. 
24.2 
If third parties are retained pursuant to clause 24.1, the Expectancy Rights Trustee shall only be 
liable for the exercise of due care in the selection and supervision of the third party to a degree that 
the Expectancy Rights Trustee would exercise in its own affairs. The Expectancy Rights Trustee, 
however, shall not be liable for any negligence of the third party. In case of any damage caused by 
such third party, the Expectancy Rights Trustee shall enforce any claims for damages against such 
third party for the benefit of the Programme Creditors.  
24.3 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee shall promptly notify the Rating Agencies of every instruction 
pursuant to clause 24.1. 
25. 
ADVISORS 
25.1 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee is authorised, in connection with the performance of its duties under 
the Funding and the Programme Documents, at its own discretion, to seek information and advice 
from legal counsel, financial consultants, banks, and other experts in Germany or elsewhere (and 
irrespective of whether such persons are already retained by the Expectancy Rights Trustee, the 
Issuer, a Programme Creditor, or any other person involved in the transactions under the Notes, the 
Subordinated Loans or the Programme Documents), at market prices (if appropriate, after obtaining 
several offers). 
25.2 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee may rely on such information and such advice of such external 
advisors without having to make its own investigations. The Expectancy Rights Trustee shall not be 
liable for any damages or losses caused by acting in reliance on the information or the advice of such 
Persons. The Expectancy Rights Trustee shall not be liable for any negligence of such Persons. 
PART G 
Fees; Reimbursement of expenses; indemnification; taxes 
26. 
FEES 
26.1 
The Issuer will pay the Expectancy Rights Trustee a fee, the amount of which shall be separately 
agreed between the Issuer and the Expectancy Rights Trustee. 
26.2 
Upon the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event or a default of any party (other than the Expectancy 
Rights Trustee) to a Programme Document which results in that the Expectancy Rights Trustee, 
respectively, undertaking additional tasks, the Issuer shall pay or procure to be paid to the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee such additional remuneration as shall be agreed between the Issuer and 
the Expectancy Rights Trustee. In the event that the Issuer and the Expectancy Rights Trustee fail 
to agree as to whether and/or in which amount an additional remuneration shall be payable in 
accordance with the preceding sentence, such matters shall be determined by a bank, financial 
services institution or auditing firm of recognised standing (acting as an expert and not as an 
arbitrator) jointly determined by the Issuer and the Expectancy Rights Trustee, as applicable. The 
determination made by such expert shall be final and binding upon the Issuer and the Expectancy 
Rights Trustee, as applicable. It is understood that the additional tasks to be performed by the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee, as applicable, will not be delayed, but instead will be continued as if the 
Issuer and the Expectancy Rights Trustee, as applicable, would have agreed on a fee immediately.  
27. 
REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES; ADVANCE 
The Issuer shall bear all reasonable costs and disbursements (including costs for legal advice and 
costs of other experts) incurred by the Expectancy Rights Trustee in connection with the performance 
of its respective duties under this Agreement, including the costs and disbursements in connection 
with the creation, holding, and foreclosure on the Security. 
28. 
RIGHT TO INDEMNIFICATION 
28.1 
The Issuer shall indemnify the Expectancy Rights Trustee against all losses, liabilities, obligations 
(including any taxes (other than taxes on the Expectancy Rights Trustee's own income, profit or gains

--- Page 154 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
 
 
or any FATCA Deduction)), actions in and out of court, and costs and disbursements incurred by the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee in connection with this Agreement or any other Programme Document, 
unless such costs and expenses are incurred by the Expectancy Rights Trustee due to a breach of 
its standard of care pursuant to clause 33. 
28.2 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Issuer will have no obligation to indemnify 
the Expectancy Rights Trustee for any FATCA Deductions. 
29. 
TAXES 
29.1 
The Issuer shall bear all transfer taxes and other similar taxes or charges which are imposed in 
Germany or in Luxembourg on or in connection with (i) the creation, holding, foreclosure or 
enforcement of Security, (ii) on any measure taken by the Expectancy Rights Trustee pursuant to the 
Conditions of the Notes, the Subordinated Loan or the Programme Documents, and (iii) the Issue of 
the Notes, the conclusion of the Subordinated Loan Agreements or the conclusion of Programme 
Documents. 
29.2 
All payments of fees and reimbursements of reasonable expenses to the Expectancy Rights Trustee 
shall include any turnover taxes, value added taxes or similar taxes, other than taxes on the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee’s own income, profits or gains or any FATCA Deduction, which are 
imposed in the future on the services of the Expectancy Rights Trustee. 
PART H 
Replacement of the Expectancy Rights Trustee 
30. 
TERMINATION BY THE EXPECTANCY RIGHTS TRUSTEE FOR GOOD CAUSE 
30.1 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee may resign from its office as Expectancy Rights Trustee for good 
cause (aus wichtigem Grund) at any time provided that upon or prior to its resignation the Expectancy 
Rights Trustee on behalf of the Issuer, appoints a reputable bank in Germany or a reputable German 
auditing company and/or fiduciary company as successor and such appointee is experienced in the 
business of security trusteeship in Germany and assumes all rights and obligations arising from this 
Agreement and has been furnished with all authorities and powers that have been granted to the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee. 
30.2 
Without prejudice to the obligation of the Expectancy Rights Trustee to appoint a successor in 
accordance with clause 30.1, the Issuer shall be authorised to make such appointment in lieu of the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee. 
30.3 
The appointment of the New Expectancy Rights Trustee pursuant to clause 30.1 and 30.2 shall only 
take effect if (i) VWL consents to the appointment of the proposed New Expectancy Rights Trustee 
or withholds such consent unreasonably; and (ii) the Issuer consents to the appointment of the 
proposed New Expectancy Rights Trustee or withholds such consent unreasonably. Consent 
pursuant to number (i) above shall be deemed granted if the Issuer or the Expectancy Rights Trustee 
requests VWL in writing for consent to the appointment and consent is not refused by VWL within 
five (5) Business Days of having received the request or proof of reasonable cause for refusing to 
give consent is not provided within five (5) Business Days after VWL receives the request. Consent 
pursuant to number (ii) shall be deemed granted if the New Expectancy Rights Trustee requests the 
Issuer in writing for consent to the appointment and consent or proof of reasonable cause for refusing 
to give consent is not provided within five (5) Business Days after the Issuer receives the request. 
30.4 
Notwithstanding any termination pursuant to clause 30.1, the rights and obligations of the New 
Expectancy Rights Trustee, shall continue until the appointment of the New Expectancy Rights 
Trustee, has become effective and the rights pursuant to clause 32 have been assigned to it. 
31. 
REPLACEMENT OF THE EXPECTANCY RIGHTS TRUSTEE 
The Issuer shall be authorised to and shall replace the Expectancy Rights Trustee with a reputable 
bank or a reputable German auditing company and/or law firm and/or a fiduciary company that is 
experienced in the business of security trusteeship in Germany, if the Issuer has been so instructed

--- Page 155 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
 
 
in writing by a Noteholder or Noteholders owning at least 25 per cent. of the aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of all Notes or by the Subordinated Loan. The Issuer shall notify VWL and the Rating 
Agencies within 30 days upon receipt of such request to replace the Expectancy Rights Trustee on 
the request to replace the Expectancy Rights Trustee. 
32. 
TRANSFER OF SECURITY; COSTS; PUBLICATION 
32.1 
In the case of a replacement of the Expectancy Rights Trustee pursuant to clause 30 or clause 31, 
the Expectancy Rights Trustee, shall forthwith transfer all assets and other rights it holds as fiduciary 
under this Agreement, as well as its Trustee Claim under clause 4 (including the pledge rights granted 
for the same pursuant to clause 6) in its capacity as trustee to the Expectancy Rights Trustee. Without 
prejudice to this obligation, the Issuer is hereby irrevocably authorised to effect such transfer on 
behalf of the Expectancy Rights Trustee, subject to the condition set forth in the first sentence. 
32.2 
The costs incurred in connection with replacing the Expectancy Rights Trustee pursuant to clause 30 
or clause 31 shall be borne by the Issuer. If the replacement pursuant to clause 30 or clause 31 is 
caused by a violation of obligations of the Expectancy Rights Trustee as set out in clauses 33 and 
34, the Issuer shall be entitled, without prejudice to any additional rights, to demand damages from 
the Expectancy Rights Trustee in the amount of such costs. 
32.3 
The appointment of a New Expectancy Rights Trustee in accordance with clause 30 or clause 31 
shall be published without delay in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes, and the 
Subordinated Loan, or, if this is not possible, in any other appropriate way. 
32.4 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee shall provide the New Expectancy Rights Trustee with a report 
regarding its activities within the framework of this Agreement. 
PART I 
Liability of the Expectancy Rights Trustee 
33. 
STANDARD OF CARE 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee shall be liable for breach of its obligations under this Agreement only 
if and to the extent that it fails to meet the standard of care which it would exercise in its own affairs 
(Sorgfalt in eigenen Angelegenheiten). 
34. 
EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY 
34.1 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee shall not be liable for, (i) any action or failure to act of the Issuer or 
of other parties to the Programme Documents (including to the extent performed on behalf of the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee), (ii) the Notes, the Subordinated Loan, the Purchased Lease 
Receivables, the Purchased Expectancy Rights, the Security, the Lease Collateral and the 
Programme Documents being or not being legal, valid, binding, or enforceable, or for the fairness of 
the provisions set forth in the Notes, the Subordinated Loan or in the aforementioned agreements, 
(iii) a loss of documents related to the Purchased Rights not attributable to a violation of the standard 
of care set out in clause 33 of the Expectancy Rights Trustee, and (iv) – without prejudice to the 
provisions of clause 14 – the Seller’s failure to meet all or part of its contractual obligations to submit 
documents to the Expectancy Rights Trustee.  
34.2 
No shareholder, officer or director of the Expectancy Rights Trustee shall incur any personal liability 
as a result of the performance or non-performance by the Expectancy Rights Trustee of its obligations 
hereunder. Any recourse against such a person is excluded accordingly.  
PART J 
Undertakings of the Issuer 
35. 
UNDERTAKINGS OF THE ISSUER IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITY 
The Issuer undertakes vis-à-vis the Expectancy Rights Trustee,

--- Page 156 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
not to sell the Security and to refrain from all actions and failure to act (excluding the 
collection and enforcement of the Security in the ordinary course of business) which may 
result in a material decrease in the aggregate value or in a loss of the Security; to the extent 
that there are indications that a Programme Creditor does not properly fulfil its obligations 
under a Programme Document, the Issuer will in particular exercise the due care of a 
merchant (die Sorgfalt eines ordentlichen Kaufmanns) to take all necessary action to prevent 
the Security or their value from being jeopardised; 
(b) 
to mark in its books and documents the transfer for security purposes and the pledge to the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee and to disclose to third parties having a legal interest in becoming 
aware of the transfer for security purposes and the pledge that the transfer for security 
purposes and the pledge has taken place; 
(c) 
promptly to notify the Expectancy Rights Trustee if the rights of the Expectancy Rights 
Trustee in the Security are impaired or jeopardised by way of an attachment or other actions 
of third parties, by sending a copy of the attachment or transfer order or of any other 
document on which the enforcement of the third party is based, as well as all further 
documents which are required or useful to enable the Expectancy Rights Trustee to file 
proceedings and take other actions in defence of its rights. In addition, the Issuer shall 
promptly inform the attachment creditor and other third parties in writing, including by e-mail, 
of the rights of the Expectancy Rights Trustee in the Security; and 
(d) 
to permit the Expectancy Rights Trustee or its representatives to inspect its books and 
records at any time during usual business hours for purposes of verifying and enforcing the 
Security, to give any information necessary for such purpose, and to make the relevant 
records available for inspection. 
36. 
OTHER UNDERTAKINGS OF THE ISSUER 
The Issuer undertakes to, 
(a) 
promptly notify the Expectancy Rights Trustee in writing, including by e-mail, if 
circumstances occur which constitute a Foreclosure Event pursuant to clause 16; 
(b) 
submit to the Expectancy Rights Trustee at least once a year and in any event not later than 
120 days after the end of its fiscal year and at any time upon demand within five days a 
certificate signed by a director of VCL Master Residual Value S.A. in which such director, in 
good faith and to the best of his/her knowledge based on the information available 
represents, on behalf of the Issuer, that during the period between the date the preceding 
certificate was submitted (or, in the case of the first certificate, the date of this Agreement) 
and the date on which the relevant certificate is submitted, the Issuer has fulfilled its 
obligations under the Notes, the Subordinated Loan and the Programme Documents or (if 
this is not the case) specifies the details of any breach; 
(c) 
give the Expectancy Rights Trustee at any time such other information it may reasonably 
demand for the purpose of performing its duties under this Agreement; 
(d) 
send to the Expectancy Rights Trustee one copy in the German or the English language of 
any balance sheet, any profit and loss accounts, any report or notice, or any other 
memorandum sent out by the Issuer to its shareholder either at the time of the mailing of 
those documents to the shareholder or as soon as possible thereafter; 
(e) 
send or have sent to the Expectancy Rights Trustee a copy of any notice given in accordance 
with the Conditions of the Notes and/or the Subordinated Loan immediately, or at the latest 
on the day of the publication of such notice; 
(f) 
ensure that the Principal Paying Agent notifies the Expectancy Rights Trustee immediately 
if it does not receive the moneys needed to discharge in full any obligation to repay the full 
or partial principal amount due to the Noteholders and/or the Subordinated Lender on any 
Payment Date;

--- Page 157 ---
- 157 - 
 
 
 
 
(g) 
have at all times at least one director independent from the Seller and the Issuer's 
shareholders; 
(h) 
correct any known misunderstanding regarding its separate identity; 
(i) 
conduct its own business in its own name; and 
(j) 
at all times ensure that its central management and control is exercised in Luxembourg. 
37. 
ACTIONS OF THE ISSUER REQUIRING CONSENT 
As long as the Notes and the Subordinated Loan are outstanding, the Issuer is not authorised without 
prior written consent of the Expectancy Rights Trustee to, 
37.1 
engage in any business or activities other than, 
(a) 
the performance of the obligations under this Agreement, the Notes, the Subordinated Loan 
and the other Programme Documents and under any other agreements which have been 
entered or may be entered into in connection with the Funding; 
(b) 
the enforcement of its rights; 
(c) 
the performance of any acts which are necessary or useful in connection with (a) or (b) 
above; and 
(d) 
the execution of all further documents and undertaking of all other actions, at any time and 
to the extent permitted by law, which, in the opinion of the Expectancy Rights Trustee, are 
necessary or desirable with respect to the reasonable interests of the Noteholders or the 
Subordinated Lender in order to ensure that the Conditions of the Notes or the Subordinated 
Loan Agreements are always valid; 
37.2 
hold, permit to subsist any subsidiary nor form or acquire any subsidiary (unless in the case of a 
substitution of the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions of the Notes and the Subordinated Loan); 
37.3 
dispose or pledge of any assets or any part thereof or interest therein and/or make, incur, assume or 
suffer to exist any loan, advance or guarantee to any person, unless otherwise provided in clause 
37.1; 
37.4 
pay dividends or make any other distribution to its shareholders;  
37.5 
incur, create, assume or suffer to exists or otherwise become liable in respect of any indebtedness, 
whether present or future; 
37.6 
have any employees or own any real estate assets; 
37.7 
create or permit to subsist any mortgages, or – except as otherwise permitted by the Programme 
Documents – any liens, pledges or similar rights; 
37.8 
consolidate or merge; 
37.9 
materially amend its Articles of Incorporation; 
37.10 
issue new shares and acquire shares; 
37.11 
open new accounts (other than contemplated in the Programme Documents);  
37.12 
change its country of incorporation;  
37.13 
effect a substitution of the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions of the Notes and the Subordinated Loan;  
37.14 
permit its assets to become commingled with those of any other party; or

--- Page 158 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
 
 
37.15 
acquire obligations or securities of its affiliates; 
37.16 
if the Issuer requests that the Expectancy Rights Trustee grants its consent as required pursuant to 
this clause 37, the Expectancy Rights Trustee may grant or withhold the requested consent at its 
discretion, taking into account the reasonable interests of the Programme Creditors in accordance 
with clause 3.1 hereof. 
PART K 
Miscellaneous provisions 
38. 
AMENDMENTS 
38.1 
VWL will be entitled to amend any term or provision of this Agreement with the consent of the Issuer 
and the Expectancy Rights Trustee but without the consent of any Noteholder, any Swap 
Counterparties, the Subordinated Lender or any other Person; provided that such amendment shall 
only become valid,  
(a) 
if it is notified to the Expectancy Rights Trustee and the Rating Agencies and the Issuer and 
VWL have received a confirmation from the Expectancy Rights Trustee that in the sole 
professional judgement of the Expectancy Rights Trustee, such amendment will not be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of any Programme Creditor; and  
(b) 
if any of the amendments relate to the amount, the currency or the timing of the cash-flow 
received by the Issuer under the Purchased Expectancy Rights, the application of such cash-
flow by the Issuer, or the ranking of the Swap Counterparties in the Order of Priority, then 
the consent of the Swap Counterparties will be required; and  
(c) 
in case of amendments which materially and adversely affect the interests of the Issuer, the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee, the Swap Counterparties or the Subordinated Lender if such 
parties have consented to such amendment.  
38.2 
 
(a) 
The Swap Counterparties and the Issuer shall be entitled,  
(i) 
to amend the Swap Agreements to ensure that the terms hereof, and the parties 
obligations thereunder, are in compliance with the Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 July 2012 on OTC derivatives, 
central counterparties and trade repositories, known as the European Market 
Infrastructure Regulation, as amended from time to time, ("EMIR") and/or the then 
subsisting technical standards under EMIR; or  
(ii) 
to amend or waive (subject at all times to Article 15 (Dispute resolution), Chapter 
VII of the technical standards under EMIR (which relate to, inter alia, non-financial 
counterparties, risk-mitigation techniques for over the counter derivative contracts 
not cleared by a central counterparty) any of the time periods set out Part 6(c) of the 
schedule to the Swap Agreements.  
(b) 
The Servicer or the relevant Programme Party(ies), as the case may be, and the Issuer shall 
be entitled to amend the Servicing Agreement or any other Programme Documents to 
ensure that the terms hereof, and the parties obligations thereunder, are in compliance with 
EMIR and/or the then subsisting technical standards under EMIR, 
in each case of (a) and (b) above, with the consent of the Issuer but without the consent of any 
Noteholder, the Subordinated Lender or any other Person, provided that such amendment or waiver 
shall only become valid if it is notified to the Expectancy Rights Trustee and the Rating Agencies, 
and the Issuer and the Swap Counterparties or the Servicer or the relevant Programme Party(ies), 
as the case may be, have received a confirmation from the Expectancy Rights Trustee that in the 
sole professional judgement of the Expectancy Rights Trustee, such amendment or waiver will not 
be materially prejudicial to the interests of any such Programme Creditor.

--- Page 159 ---
- 159 - 
 
 
 
 
38.3 
Notwithstanding clauses 38.1 and 38.2 VWL will be entitled to amend any term or provision of this 
Agreement (except for the ranking of the Notes, any security securing the Notes, the Legal Maturity 
Date, the Scheduled Repayment Date, the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, any Payment 
Date, the Class A Notes Interest Rate, the Class B Notes Interest Rate or the amount of payments 
of any principal) with the consent of the Issuer and the Expectancy Rights Trustee, but without the 
consent of any Noteholder, any Swap Counterparty, the Subordinated Lender, the Arranger, the Lead 
Manager or any other Person, if it is advised by a third party authorised under Article 28 of the 
Securitisation Regulation or a reputable international law firm that such amendments are required for 
the Programme to comply with the Securitisation Regulation including the requirements for simple, 
transparent and standardised securitisations set out therein and in any regulatory technical standards 
adopted under the Securitisation Regulation. Any amendment subject to this clause 38.3 shall only 
become valid, by giving ten (10) Business Days prior notice to the Noteholders and the Rating 
Agencies in writing, including by email. 
38.4 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee has the right to request a reputable law firm in the relevant jurisdiction 
to confirm the legal validity of such amendment and/or to describe the legal effects of such 
amendment and to incur reasonable expenses for such consultation which shall be reimbursed by 
VWL. 
38.5 
This Agreement may also be amended from time to time with prior notification to the Rating Agencies, 
in accordance with the provisions set out in sections 5 to 21 of the German Debenture Act (Gesetz 
über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen - Schuldverschreibungsgesetz SchVG) with 
the unanimous consent of (a) the Issuer and (b) the Noteholders of each Series of Notes for the 
purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions 
of this Agreement which materially and adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders and/or any 
other Programme Creditor provided that (x) no such amendment shall reduce the interest rate or 
principal amount of any Note or delay the Scheduled Repayment Date or Legal Maturity Date of any 
Note without the consent of all Noteholders of the relevant Class, and (y) provided further that if any 
of the amendments relate to the amount, the currency or the timing of the cash-flow received by the 
Issuer under the Purchased Lease Receivables and and/or the Purchased Expectancy Rights and/or 
the Leased Vehicles, the application of such cash-flow by the Issuer, or the ranking of the Swap 
Counterparties in the Order of Priority, or materially and adversely affects the interests of the Swap 
Counterparties, then the consent of the Swap Counterparties will be required. The manner of 
obtaining such consents may be either a contractual agreement to be concluded between the Issuer 
and all Noteholders of the Relevant Series as provided for in Sec. 4 of the German Debenture Act 
(Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen - Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
SchVG) with a prior notification to the Rating Agencies or by a Noteholder's resolution adopted with 
unanimous consent of the Noteholders of such Series pursuant to Sections 5 to 22 of aforementioned 
act, or in case of (y) only a contractual agreement between the Issuer, all Noteholders of all Series 
of Notes, the Expectancy Rights Trustee and each Swap Counterparty. The manner of obtaining any 
other consents of the Noteholders provided for in this Agreement and of evidencing the authorisation 
of the execution thereof by Noteholders will be subject to such reasonable requirements as the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee may prescribe, including the establishment of record dates. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement is duly executed and delivered on the date and the year first above 
written.

--- Page 160 ---
- 160 - 
 
 
 
 
ANNEX B 
MASTER DEFINITIONS SCHEDULE 
The following is the text of the Master Definitions Schedule. The text will be attached as Annex B to the 
Conditions of the Notes and constitutes an integral part of the Conditions of the Notes. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
1.1 
The parties to this Master Definitions Schedule agree that, except where expressly stated to the 
contrary or where the context otherwise requires, the definitions set out below shall apply to terms or 
expressions referred to but not otherwise defined in each Programme Document. 
"12-Months Average Dynamic Net Loss Ratio" means, for any Payment Date, a fraction, 
expressed as a percentage rate, the numerator of which is the sum of the Dynamic Net Loss Ratios 
calculated with respect to the last 12 calendar months preceding on such Payment Date and the 
denominator of which is 12. 
"€STR" or "Euro Short-Term Rate" means the overnight rate calculated on the basis of unsecured 
borrowing deposit transactions carried out by ECB’s money market statistical reporting agents with 
financial corporations calculated by the European Central Bank. 
"Account Agreement" means the account agreement between the Issuer, the Account Bank, the 
Cash Administrator and the Expectancy Rights Trustee governing the Accounts dated on or about 
the Signing Date. 
"Account Bank" means the bank operating as Cash Collateral Account Bank, the Distribution 
Account Bank, the Swap Termination Payment Account Bank and the Accumulation Account Bank 
which is The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch. 
"Account Bank Required Ratings" means ratings, solicited or unsolicited of: 
(a) 
either 
(i) 
a long-term unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligations rating 
of "A" from DBRS, or 
(ii) 
a DBRS Critical Obligations Rating of "A (high)" in respect of the relevant entity, or  
(iii) 
if a public rating from DBRS is not available, a DBRS Equivalent Rating with respect 
to the relevant entity's capacity for timely payment of financial commitments equal 
to a long-term rating for unsecured and unguaranteed debt of at least "A" from 
DBRS, and 
(b) 
a long-term rating of at least "A" from S&P Global together with a short-term rating from S&P 
Global of at least "A-1" or a long-term rating from S&P Global of at least "A+". 
"Accounts" means the Cash Collateral Account, the Distribution Account, the Counterparty 
Downgrade Collateral Account, the Swap Termination Payment Account and the Accumulation 
Account, collectively. 
"Accrued Interest" means, in respect of a Note and any Payment Date, the interest which has 
accrued on such Note up to such Payment Date. 
"Accumulation Account" means the interest bearing account with IBAN DE53 5033 0300 8610 
0697 15 held by VCL Master Residual Value S.A. with the Accumulation Account Bank. 
"Accumulation Account Bank" means the bank operating the Accumulation Account, which is The 
Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch. 
"Additional Borrowing Date" has the meaning assigned to such term in clause 2.3 (The 
Subordinated Loan) of the Subordinated Loan Agreement.

--- Page 161 ---
- 161 - 
 
 
 
 
"Additional Cut-Off Date" means the last day of a Monthly Period elapsing prior to an Additional 
Purchase Date. 
"Additional Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance" means, on any Additional Purchase Date, 
the present value on the relevant Additional Cut-Off Date of the Additional Expectancy Rights to be 
purchased by the Purchaser on such Additional Purchase Date, calculated by using the Expectancy 
Rights Discount Rate. 
"Additional Electronic File" means an electronic data file comprising the data relevant for the 
identification of the Purchased Additional Expectancy Rights and the related Leased Vehicles, other 
than the personal data of the Lessees. 
"Additional Encrypted List" means an encrypted electronic data file comprising the data relevant 
for the identification of the Purchased Additional Expectancy Rights and the related Leased Vehicles, 
including the personal data of the Lessees. 
"Additional Expectancy Right" means any expectancy right (Anwartschaftsrecht) of the Seller in 
respect of a Leased Vehicle resulting from the transfer of security title to such Leased Vehicle to the 
Relevant Lease Receivables Purchaser under the Relevant Receivables Purchase Agreement 
subject to the resolutory condition (auflösende Bedingung) of the earlier of the security purpose 
contemplated in the Relevant Receivables Purchase Agreement being fulfilled or the occurrence of 
a Lease Contract Termination Event and purchased by the Issuer in accordance with an Additional 
Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement. 
"Additional Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement" means any additional expectancy rights 
purchase agreement to be entered into at the option of VWL during the Revolving Period on an 
Additional Purchase Date. 
"Additional Expectancy Rights Purchase Price" means the purchase price in relation to any 
Purchased Additional Expectancy Rights, the Purchased Additional Final Payment Receivables and 
the corresponding Additional Expectancy Rights Related Collateral which shall be equal to the sum 
of:  
(a) 
(A) the sum of the relevant Class A Notes Increase Amount and the relevant Class B Notes 
Increase Amount, plus (B) any Subordinated Loan Increase Amount, and less (C) where 
applicable, amounts required for the endowment of the Cash Collateral Account with the 
respective General Cash Collateral Amount to equal the Specified General Cash Collateral 
Account Balance, plus  
(b) 
(x) the Replenished Additional Expectancy Rights Balance multiplied by (y) one (1) minus 
the Replenished Expectancy Rights Overcollateralisation Percentage. 
The Additional Expectancy Rights Purchase Price must not exceed the sum of the funds available 
from (without double counting):  
(A) the proceeds from the issuance of Further Notes on the respective Further Issue Date,  
(B) the Class A Accumulation Amount available on such Further Issue Date,  
(C) the Class B Accumulation Amount available on such Further Issue Date. and  
(D) the Subordinated Loan Increase Amount for such Further Issue Date. 
The Additional Expectancy Rights Purchase Price is payable by the Purchaser acting with respect to 
its Compartment 2 and shall, unless netted against payments due from the Seller to the Purchaser, 
be debited from the Accumulation Account on the Additional Purchase Date and/or funded from the 
issuance of Further Notes, as applicable. 
"Additional Expectancy Rights Related Collateral" means rights and claims pertaining to the 
Additional Expectancy Rights and the corresponding Additional Final Payment Receivable, in each 
case without any VAT, and any substitute (Surrogat) thereof.

--- Page 162 ---
- 162 - 
 
 
 
 
"Additional Final Payment Receivable" means any final payment receivable relating to an 
Additional Expectancy Right and identified by the relevant contract number set out in the relevant 
Additional Electronic File and Additional Encrypted List including, but not limited to, a Lessee’s 
obligation to make additional payments under an Open End Lease Contract (Vertrag mit 
Gebrauchtwagenabrechnung) and a Lessee’s obligation to make additional payments for excess 
kilometres under a Closed End Lease Contract (Vertrag ohne Gebrauchtwagenabrechnung), and 
other claims due to excess usage and/or damages but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
receivables arising from a Lessee's option to purchase the Leased Vehicle. 
"Additional Purchase Date" means a Payment Date falling in the Revolving Period when an 
additional purchase is made. 
"Additional Residual Value" means the value of the Leased Vehicle relating to an Additional 
Expectancy Right as set at the inception of the respective Lease Contract as the potential value of 
the vehicle at the maturity date of the underlying Lease Contract as determined by VWL pursuant to 
its evaluation principles reflecting current used car price market developments, as applicable. 
"Adjustment Spread" means in respect of any Substitute Reference Rate an adjustment spread 
which is recommended by a responsible authority or used in a material number of bonds after 
determination of a Benchmark Event and designed to eliminate or minimise any potential transfer of 
value between parties when the Substitute Reference Rate is applied and eliminate or minimise the 
risk of manipulation. 
"Adverse Claim" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, hypothecation, lien, floating charge or other 
security interest or encumbrance or other right or claim under the laws of any jurisdiction, of or on 
any Person’s assets or properties in favour of any other Person. 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any Person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly by the Person, 
any entity that controls, directly or indirectly the Person or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with such Person (for this purpose, "control" of any entity of Person means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or Person). For the purposes of this definition, 
with respect to the Issuer, "Affiliate" does not include the Corporate Services Provider or any entities 
which the Corporate Services Provider controls. 
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Calculation Agent, the Interest Determination Agent and the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee dated on or about the Signing Date. 
"Agents" means the Calculation Agent, the Interest Determination Agent, the Registrar and the 
Principal Paying Agent, and "Agent" means any one of them. 
"Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance" means the sum of the Discounted 
Expectancy Rights Balances for all Lease Contracts in relation to the Notes. 
"Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance Shortfall" has the meaning given to such 
term in clause 16.5 of the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement. 
"Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance" means at any date the sum of the Discounted 
Receivables Balances for all Lease Contracts of the Programme on such date . 
"Aggregate Redeemable Amount" means, at any Payment Date on which Expectancy Rights are 
sold pursuant to clause 8.7 (Early settlement/ Clean-Up Call/ sale of Expectancy Rights to other 
securitisation vehicles) of the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement, the difference between (i) the 
aggregate outstanding principal amount of Notes of a certain Series on the preceding Payment Date 
and (ii) the Targeted Remaining Class A Note Balance or Targeted Remaining Class B Note Balance, 
as the case may be. 
"Amortisation Amount" means, with respect to  
(a) 
an Amortising Series of Class A Notes, an amount calculated as follows:

--- Page 163 ---
- 163 - 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
if on the relevant Payment Date all outstanding Series of Class A Notes are Non-
Amortising Series, zero; or 
(ii) 
for any Series of Class A Notes which on the relevant Payment Date qualifies as an 
Amortising Series (such Payment Date with respect to such Series referred to as 
the "Class A Series Amortisation Date"), the Amortisation Amount applicable to 
such Series with respect to all following Payment Dates shall be determined as the 
lesser of (A) the principal amount outstanding of such Series and (B) the product of 
(1) the positive difference between the Class A Available Redemption Collections 
minus the sum of the Amortisation Amounts in respect of the other Amortising Series 
of Class A Notes with an earlier Series Amortisation Date multiplied by (2) the 
Amortisation Factor applicable to such Amortising Series; or 
(iii) 
if on the relevant Payment Date all Series of Class A Notes are Amortising Series, 
the Amortisation Amount for any Series of Class A Notes will be determined as the 
product of (A) the Class A Principal Payment Amount multiplied by (B) the ratio of 
the principal amount outstanding of the relevant Amortising Series of Class A Notes 
on such Payment Date as numerator and the sum of the principal amount 
outstanding of all Series of Class A Notes on such Payment Date as denominator; 
and 
(b) 
an Amortising Series of Class B Notes, an amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
if on the relevant Payment Date all outstanding Series of Class B Notes are Non-
Amortising Series, zero; or 
(ii) 
for any Series of Class B Notes which on the relevant Payment Date qualifies as an 
Amortising Series (such Payment Date with respect to such Series referred to as 
the "Class B Series Amortisation Date"), the Amortisation Amount applicable to 
such Series with respect to all following Payment Dates shall be determined as the 
lesser of (A) the principal amount outstanding of such Series and (B) the product of 
(1) the positive difference between the Class B Available Redemption Collections 
minus the sum of the Amortisation Amounts in respect of the other Amortising Series 
of Class B Notes with an earlier Series Amortisation Date multiplied by (2) the 
Amortisation Factor applicable to such Amortising Series; or 
(ii) 
if on the relevant Payment Date all Series of Class B Notes are Amortising Series, 
the Amortisation Amount for any Series of Class B Notes will be determined as the 
product of (A) the Class B Principal Payment Amount multiplied by (B) the ratio of 
the principal amount outstanding of the relevant Amortising Series of Class B Notes 
on such Payment Date as numerator and the sum of the principal amount 
outstanding of all Series of Class B Notes on such Payment Date as denominator. 
"Amortisation Factor" means, with respect to an Amortising Series and a certain Payment Date, 
the ratio of the principal amount outstanding of such Amortising Series of Notes immediately before 
it commences amortisation as numerator and the sum of the principal amount outstanding of all Non-
Amortising Series of Notes of the same Class and the principal amount outstanding of all Amortising 
Series of Notes of the same Class each as issued on the day immediately preceding the 
commencement of the amortisation of such Amortising Series as denominator, stated as a 
percentage. 
"Amortising Series" means, on any Payment Date, 
(a) 
any Series of Notes for which on or prior to such Payment Date the Series Revolving Period 
Expiration Date has occurred, or 
(b) 
following the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event, all Series of Notes. 
"Ancillary Rights" means all existing and future claims and rights of the Seller under, pursuant to, 
or in connection with the relevant Purchased Expectancy Right and Purchased Final Payment

--- Page 164 ---
- 164 - 
 
 
 
 
Receivable, including, but not limited to, unilateral rights to alter legal relationships 
(Gestaltungsrechte) and damage claims arising from a breach of contract or in tort against the 
respective Lessee, in particular claims to lump-sum damages in case of default of the respective 
Lessee as well as any interest due and claims against third parties due to damage to or loss of the 
Leased Vehicles. 
"Applicable Insolvency Law" means any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law 
affecting creditors’ rights now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction. 
"Arranger" means Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank. 
"Articles of Incorporation" means the statutes of VCL Master S.A. or the Company, as the case 
may be, under Luxembourg law. 
"Available Distribution Amount" shall, on any Payment Date, be an amount equal to the sum of 
the following amounts, 
(a) 
the Expectancy Rights Collection Amount, inclusive, for avoidance of doubt, the Monthly 
Collateral (after any relevant netting); plus 
(b) 
any interest accrued on the Accumulation Account and the Distribution Account; plus 
(c) 
any Net Swap Receipts under the Swap Agreements and any other amounts included in the 
Available Distribution Amount pursuant to clause 20 (Distribution Account, Accumulation 
Account, swap provisions) of the Trust Agreement; plus 
(d) 
payments from the Cash Collateral Account as provided for in clause 22.2 (Cash Collateral 
Account) of the Trust Agreement; plus 
(e) 
payments from the VCL Master Distribution Account made on the immediately preceding 
Payment Date; plus 
(f) 
any settlement amount received from VWL pursuant to clause 6.5(b) of the Expectancy 
Rights Purchase Agreement; plus 
(g) 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Accumulation Account after the preceding Payment 
Date; plus 
(h) 
any amount from the preceding Payment Date which remained as a surplus due to the 
rounding under the Notes in accordance with Condition 9(b); plus 
(i) 
any amount to be debited from the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger on such Payment Date 
subject to and in accordance with the relevant mechanics of the Buffer Release Reserve 
Ledger; plus 
(j) 
any  Negative Buffer Release Amount, provided that no Reserve Trigger Event has occurred 
and the Buffer Release Reserve has been funded; less 
(k) 
any Positive Buffer Release Amount, provided that no Credit Enhancement Increase 
Condition is in effect. 
"Base Prospectus" means the base prospectus dated on or about 21 September 2023 and prepared 
in connection with the issue by the Issuer of the Notes.  
"Benchmark Event" means any of the following (i) a public statement by the European Money 
Markets Institute that it will cease publishing EURIBOR or will not be included in the register under 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed or where there is no mandatory administration), or (ii) a 
public statement by the ESMA that EURIBOR has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or (iii) the applicability of any law or any other legal provision, or of any administrative 
or judicial order, decree or other binding measure, pursuant to which the EURIBOR may no longer

--- Page 165 ---
- 165 - 
 
 
 
 
be used as a reference rate to determine the payment obligations under the Notes and/or under the 
Swap Agreements, or pursuant to which any such use is subject to not only immaterial restrictions or 
adverse consequences. 
"Borrowing Base Cure Amount" has the meaning given to such term in clause 16.5 of the 
Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement. 
"Borrowing Date" has the meaning assigned to such term in clause 2.1 of the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. 
"Buffer Release Rate" means, on any Payment Date, (a) a percentage rate per annum calculated 
as (i) the Expectancy Rights Discount Rate, less (ii) the weighted average (calculated based on the 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes and the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated 
Loan at the end of the related Monthly Period) of the fixed rates (stated as a percentage) payable by 
the Issuer under the Swap Agreements and an estimate of the hypothetical swap fixed rate (being 
higher than the fixed rate under the Swap Agreements) theoretically needed to swap the floating rate 
interest payments under the Subordinated Loan, less (iii) the Servicer Fee at a rate of 1 per cent. per 
annum, less (iv) 0.03 per cent. for any administrative cost and fees, divided by (b) 12. 
"Buffer Release Reserve" means the cash reserve maintained on the Buffer Release Reserve 
Ledger from which any shortfall of payments to be made pursuant to items first to ninth of the Order 
of Priority, as set out in clause 21.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement, shall be paid in 
accordance with the Trust Agreement. 
"Buffer Release Reserve Ledger" means the ledger for the Buffer Release Reserve held on the 
Cash Collateral Account. 
"Business Day" means any day on which the T2 System is open for business provided that this day 
is also a day on which banks are open for business in London and Luxembourg. 
"Business Vehicles Leasing Agreements" means Lease Contracts generally containing VWL’s 
leasing conditions for business vehicles. 
"Calculation Agent" means The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
"Calculation Check Notice" shall mean a notice to be supplied by the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to clause 6 (The Calculation Agent) of the Agency Agreement in writing. 
"Calculation Checks" means the checks of the Relevant Calculations to be performed by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to clause 6 (The Calculation Agent) of the Agency Agreement. 
"Cash Administration Services" means the services set forth in clause 10.2 (Cash Administration 
Services) of the Account Agreement. 
"Cash Administrator" means The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch. 
"Cash Collateral Account" means the interest bearing account with IBAN DE26 5033 0300 8610 
0697 16 held by the Issuer with the Cash Collateral Account Bank. 
"Cash Collateral Account Bank" means the bank operating the Cash Collateral Account, which is 
The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch. 
"CET" means Central European Time as being the local time in Frankfurt am Main and Luxembourg. 
"Check Information" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 5.3(a) (Limitation of liability) 
of the Agency Agreement. 
"Class" means in relation to any Series of the Notes either the Class A Notes or the Class B Notes. 
"Class A Accumulation Amount" means, on any Payment Date during the Revolving Period, the 
lesser of (a) the Class A Cash Component and (b) (i) the Class A Available Redemption Collections

--- Page 166 ---
- 166 - 
 
 
 
 
minus (ii) the sum of Amortisation Amounts to be paid with respect to Class A Notes on such Payment 
Date. 
"Class A Actual Overcollateralisation Percentage" means, with respect to any Payment Date, one 
minus the quotient of (a) the Nominal Amount of all outstanding Class A Notes divided by (b) (i) the 
Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance plus (ii) any amounts standing to the credit of the 
Accumulation Account, each as determined as of the end of the Monthly Period. 
"Class A Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance Increase Amount" means, in 
respect of a Payment Date, the amount necessary to increase the Aggregate Discounted Expectancy 
Rights Balance at the end of the Monthly Period to the Class A Targeted Aggregate Discounted 
Expectancy Rights Balance. 
"Class A Available Redemption Collections" shall be equal to the Available Distribution Amount 
less any amounts due and payable on the relevant Payment Date under items first through tenth of 
the Order of Priority set out in clause 21.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
"Class A Cash Component" shall be equal to (i) the Class A Aggregate Discounted Expectancy 
Rights Balance Increase Amount multiplied by (ii) one minus the Replenished Expectancy Rights 
Overcollateralisation Percentage. 
"Class A Notes" means the class A notes of a given Series of Notes. 
"Class A Notes Increase Amount" means, with respect to any Further Issue Date, an amount equal 
to the product of (i) 53.50 per cent. and (ii) the Further Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance and 
as rounded down to the nearest EUR 100,000. 
"Class A Notes Interest Rate" has the meaning ascribed to such Term in Condition 8(c) of the Class 
A Notes. 
"Class A Notes Targeted Overcollateralisation Percentage" means, 
(a) 
48.00 per cent. until the expiration of the Revolving Period and until a Credit Enhancement 
Increase Condition is in effect; 
(b) 
51.00 per cent. after expiration of the Revolving Period until a Credit Enhancement Increase 
Condition is in effect; and 
(c) 
100 per cent. until the Legal Maturity Date if a Credit Enhancement Increase Condition has 
occurred. 
"Class A Principal Payment Amount" means after the end of the Revolving Period, an aggregate 
amount for any Payment Date which is equal to the amount necessary to reduce the outstanding 
principal amount of the Class A Notes to the Class A Targeted Note Balance. 
"Class A Targeted Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance" means on a given 
Payment Date a fraction the numerator of which is the aggregate principal amount of the Class A 
Notes after application of the Amortisation Amounts on such Payment Date and the denominator of 
which is the difference of 100 per cent. minus the Class A Notes Targeted Overcollateralisation 
Percentage. 
"Class A Targeted Note Balance" means for each series of Class A Notes, 
(a) if the Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance at the end of a Monthly Period is less 
than 10 per cent. of the Maximum Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance, zero; otherwise 
(b) the excess of the sum of: 
(i) the Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance at the end of such Monthly Period; 
plus

--- Page 167 ---
- 167 - 
 
 
 
 
(ii) after expiration of the Revolving Period, the amounts standing to the credit of the 
Accumulation Account at the end of the respective Monthly Period, 
over the Class A Targeted Overcollateralisation Amount  
"Class A Targeted Overcollateralisation Amount" means, on each Payment Date, the Class A 
Notes Targeted Overcollateralisation Percentage multiplied by the sum of: 
(a) 
the Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance; and 
(b) 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Accumulation Account, 
in each case at the end of the Monthly Period. 
"Class B Accumulation Amount" means, on any Payment Date during the Revolving Period, the 
lesser of (a) the Class B Cash Component and (b) (i) the Class B Available Redemption Collections 
minus (ii) the sum of Amortisation Amounts to be paid with respect to Class B Notes on such Payment 
Date. 
"Class B Actual Overcollateralisation Percentage" means, with respect to any Payment Date, one 
minus the quotient of (a) the Nominal Amount of all outstanding Class A Notes and Class B Notes 
divided by (b) the sum of (i) the Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance and (ii) any 
amounts standing to the credit of the Accumulation Account, each as determined as of the end of the 
Monthly Period. 
"Class B Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance Increase Amount" means, in 
respect of a Payment Date, the amount necessary to increase the Aggregate Discounted Expectancy 
Rights Balance at the end of the Monthly Period to the Class B Targeted Aggregate Discounted 
Expectancy Rights Balance in excess of the Class A Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights 
Balance Increase Amount on such Payment Date. 
"Class B Available Redemption Collections" shall be equal to the Available Distribution Amount 
less any amounts due and payable on the relevant Payment Date under items first through eleventh 
of the Order of Priority set out in clause 21.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
"Class B Cash Component" shall be equal to (i) the Class B Aggregate Discounted Expectancy 
Rights Balance Increase Amount multiplied by (ii) one minus the Replenished Expectancy Rights 
Overcollateralisation Percentage. 
"Class B Notes" means the Class B notes of the given Series of Notes. 
"Class B Notes Increase Amount" means, with respect to any Further Issue Date, an amount equal 
to the product of (i) 13.50 per cent. and (ii) the Further Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance and 
as rounded down to the nearest EUR 100,000. 
"Class B Notes Interest Rate" has the meaning ascribed to such Term in Condition 8(c) of the Class 
B Notes. 
"Class B Notes Targeted Overcollateralisation Percentage" means: 
(a) 
36.00 per cent. until expiration of the Revolving Period and until a Credit Enhancement 
Increase Condition is in effect; 
(b) 
39.00 per cent. after expiration of the Revolving Period until a Credit Enhancement Increase 
Condition is in effect; and 
(c) 
100 per cent. until the Legal Maturity Date if a Credit Enhancement Increase Condition has 
occurred.

--- Page 168 ---
- 168 - 
 
 
 
 
"Class B Principal Payment Amount" means after the end of the Revolving Period, an aggregate 
amount for any Payment Date which is equal to the amount necessary to reduce the outstanding 
principal amount of the Class B Notes to the Class B Targeted Note Balance. 
"Class B Targeted Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance" means on a given 
Payment Date, a fraction the numerator of which is the aggregate principal amount of the Class A 
Notes and the Class B Notes after application of any Amortisation Amounts on such Payment Date 
and the denominator of which is the difference of 100 per cent. minus the Class B Notes Targeted 
Overcollateralisation Percentage. 
"Class B Targeted Note Balance" means for each Series of Class B Notes, 
(a) if the Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance at the end of a Monthly Period is less 
than 10 per cent. of the Maximum Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance, zero; otherwise 
(b) the excess of the sum of: 
(i) the Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance at the end of such Monthly Period; 
plus 
(ii) after expiration of the Revolving Period, the amounts standing to the credit of the 
Accumulation Account at the end of the respective Monthly Period; less 
(iii) the Class A Targeted Note Balance, 
over the Class B Targeted Overcollateralisation Amount. 
"Class B Targeted Overcollateralisation Amount" means, on each Payment Date, the Class B 
Notes Targeted Overcollateralisation Percentage multiplied by the sum of: 
(a) 
the Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance; and 
(b) 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Accumulation Account,  
in each case at the end of the Monthly Period. 
"Clean-Up Call" means with respect to VCL Master Notes and/or Notes VWL’s right at its option to 
exercise a clean-up call when the Clean-Up Call Condition is satisfied. 
"Clean-Up Call Condition" means that, under the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreements and 
after the end of the Revolving Period, VWL will have the option to exercise a Clean-Up Call and to 
repurchase the Purchased Expectancy Rights on any Payment Date when the Aggregate Discounted 
Expectancy Rights Balance is on a Payment Date less than 10 per cent. of the Maximum Discounted 
Expectancy Rights Balance, provided that all payment obligations under the Notes will be fulfilled by 
the proceeds of such repurchase. 
"Clean-Up Call Settlement Amount" means the lesser of: 
(a) 
an amount equal to the outstanding Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance which would 
have become due if the Clean-Up Call had not occurred, calculated as at the last calendar 
day of the month in which the repurchase is to become effective; and 
(b) 
an amount equal to the theoretical present value of each Purchased Expectancy Right 
remaining to be paid in the future, calculated using Expectancy Rights Discount Rate on the 
basis of one year of 360 days being equivalent to 12 months, each month consisting of 30 
days equal to (i) the weighted average (calculated based on the outstanding principal 
amount of Notes and the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated Loan at the end 
of the Monthly Period) of the Class A Swap Fixed Rate, the Class B Swap Fixed Rate and 
an estimate of the hypothetical swap fixed rate (being higher than the fixed rate under both 
Swap Agreements) theoretically needed to swap the floating rate interest payments under 
the Subordinated Loan, plus (ii) the Servicer Fee at a rate of 1 per cent. per annum, and plus

--- Page 169 ---
- 169 - 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 0.03 per cent. for administrative costs and fees. It shall be calculated as at the last 
calendar day of the month in which the repurchase is to become effective 
For the purposes of calculating the Clean-Up Call Settlement Amount, the risk of losses inherent to 
the relevant Purchased Expectancy Rights shall be taken into account on the basis of the risk status 
of such Purchased Expectancy Rights assessed by VWL immediately prior to the repurchase 
becoming effective. 
"Closed End Lease Contract" means any closed end Lease Contract (Vertrag ohne 
Gebrauchtwagenabrechnung), i.e. a Lease Contract with a fixed residual value (based on the 
contractual mileage and term of the contract). 
"Closing Date" means 25 November 2015. 
"Common Terms" means the common terms set out under the heading Common Terms in the 
Incorporated Terms Memorandum and incorporated into the Programme Documents by reference. 
"Company" means VCL Master Residual Value S.A. acting with respect to its Compartment 2. 
"Compartment" means a compartment of VCL Master Residual Value S.A. within the meaning of 
the Luxembourg Securitisation Law. 
"Compensation Payment" means, until a Servicer Insolvency Event has occurred, the 
compensation payment payable (i) by VWL to the Issuer for the negative difference of the Discounted 
Expectancy Rights Balance before and after extensions, deferrals, amendments, modifications or 
adjustments on a Lease Contract taking into account all instalments affected by such amendment or 
(ii) by the Issuer to VWL for the positive difference of the Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance 
before and after extensions, deferrals, amendments, modifications or adjustments on a Lease 
Contract taking into account all instalments affected by such amendment. 
"Conditions" means the terms and conditions of the respective Notes contained in this Base 
Prospectus. 
"Confirmation Letter" means a letter from the Issuer substantially in the Form of Schedule 5 or 
Schedule 7 of the Programme Agreement. 
"Corporate Services Agreement" means the corporate services agreement entered into by VCL 
Master Residual Value S.A. and the Corporate Services Provider on or about the Signing Date, as 
amended and restated from time to time, under which the Corporate Services Provider is responsible 
for the day to day activities of VCL Master Residual Value S.A, and shall provide secretarial, clerical, 
administrative and related services to VCL Master Residual Value S.A. and maintain the books and 
records of VCL Master Residual Value S.A. in accordance with applicable laws and regulations of 
Luxembourg. 
"Corporate Services Provider" means Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. 
"Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account" means, as the case may be, the account to be 
opened with the Distribution Account Bank (and each sub-account in respect thereof) upon the 
downgrade of a Swap Counterparty's rating and the securities account to be opened pursuant to the 
Custody Agreement. 
"CRA3" means the Regulation (EU) No 462/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
21 May 2013 amending Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies.  
"Credit Enhancement Increase Condition" shall be deemed to be in effect if, (a) the Dynamic Net 
Loss Ratio for three consecutive Payment Dates exceeds (i) 0.40 per cent. if the Weighted Average 
Seasoning is less than 12 months, (ii) 1.00 per cent. if the Weighted Average Seasoning is between 
12 months (inclusive) and 24 months (inclusive), (iii) 2.00 per cent. if the Weighted Average 
Seasoning is between 24 months (exclusive) and 36 months (inclusive), or (iv) 2.80 per cent. if the 
Weighted Average Seasoning is greater than 36 months; or (b) the 12-Months Average Dynamic Net 
Loss Ratio exceeds 0.15 per cent. or (c) if the Late Delinquency Ratio exceeds 1.50 per cent. on any

--- Page 170 ---
- 170 - 
 
 
 
 
Payment Date, provided that this event will be waived following a Term Takeout if the Issuer receives 
a confirmation from each Rating Agency that the sale of the Expectancy Rights will not result in a 
downgrade of the outstanding Rated Notes on or before the Payment Date immediately following the 
occurrence of such event; or (d) in case of the occurrence of a Servicer Replacement Event; or (e) 
in case of the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to VWL; or (f) in respect of VCL Master, 
the VCL Master Cash Collateral Account does not contain the VCL Master Specified General Cash 
Collateral Account Balance; or (g) in respect of the Issuer the Cash Collateral Account does not 
contain the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance; or (h) any Repurchase Price has 
not been paid by the Seller on the respective Repurchase Date or (i) VWL fails to pay the Negative 
Buffer Release Amount when due, and such failure continues unremedied for a period of ten (10) 
Business Days; or (j) VWL fails to fund the Buffer Release Reserve in an amount such that the 
balance on the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger is equal to the Required Buffer Release Reserve 
Amount within ten (10) Business Days following the occurrence of a Reserve Trigger Event. 
 "CSSF" means the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier of Luxembourg. 
"Current Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance" has the meaning given to such term 
in clause 16.4(a) of the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement. 
"Custodian" means The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
"Custody Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or about 23 November 2015 between 
the Issuer and the Custodian on opening and maintaining a securities account. 
"Cut-Off Date" means each of the Initial Cut-Off Date and each Additional Cut-Off Date. 
"Data Protection Rules" means, collectively, the rules of German banking secrecy (Bankgeheimnis), 
the provisions of the German Federal Data Protection Act (Bundesdatenschutzgesetz), the Data 
Protection Amendment and Implementation Act (Datenschutzanpassungs- und Umsetzungsgesetz), 
the General Data Protection Regulation (Datenschutzgrundverordnung) and the provisions of 
Circular 4/97 (Rundschreiben 4/97) of the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority, and any 
other applicable data protection law, as such rules are binding VWL in its capacity as a German 
financial institution (Finanzdienstleistungsinstitut) with respect to the Lease Receivables and the 
Lease Collateral from time to time. 
"Data Protection Trust Agreement" means the data protection trust agreement entered into on 20 
September 2018, as amended and restated from time to time, by the Seller, the Data Protection 
Trustee, the Expectancy Rights Trustee and the Issuer. 
"Data Protection Trustee" means Amsterdamsch Trustee's Kantoor B.V. 
"DBRS" means DBRS Ratings GmbH or any successor to its rating business. 
"DBRS Critical Obligations Rating" or "COR" means, in relation to a relevant entity, the public or 
private rating assigned by DBRS which addresses the risk of default of particular obligations and/or 
exposures of the relevant entity that in the view of DBRS have a higher probability of being excluded 
from bail-in and remaining in a continuing bank in the event of the resolution of a troubled bank than 
other senior unsecured obligations. A COR assigned by DBRS to the relevant entity will be indicated 
on the website of DBRS (www.dbrs.com). 
"DBRS Equivalent Chart" means: 
DBRS 
Moody's 
S&P Global 
Fitch 
AAA 
Aaa 
AAA 
AAA 
AA(high) 
Aa1 
AA+ 
AA+ 
AA 
Aa2 
AA 
AA 
AA(low) 
Aa3 
AA- 
AA- 
A(high) 
A1 
A+ 
A+ 
A 
A2 
A 
A 
A(low) 
A3 
A- 
A-

--- Page 171 ---
- 171 - 
 
 
 
 
BBB(high) 
Baa1 
BBB+ 
BBB+ 
BBB 
Baa2 
BBB 
BBB 
BBB(low) 
Baa3 
BBB- 
BBB- 
BB(high) 
Ba1 
BB+ 
BB+ 
BB 
Ba2 
BB 
BB 
BB(low) 
Ba3 
BB- 
BB- 
B(high) 
B1 
B+ 
B+ 
B 
B2 
B 
B 
B(low) 
B3 
B- 
B- 
CCC(high) 
Caa1 
CCC+ 
CCC 
CCC 
Caa2 
CCC 
CCC(low) 
Caa3 
CCC- 
CC 
Ca 
CC 
C 
D 
C 
D 
D 
 
"DBRS Equivalent Rating" means with respect to any issuer rating or senior unsecured debt rating 
(or other rating equivalent), (i) if a Fitch public rating, a Moody's public rating and a S&P Global public 
rating are all available, (a) the remaining rating (upon conversion on the basis of the DBRS Equivalent 
Chart) once the highest and the lowest rating have been excluded or (b) in the case of two or more 
same ratings, any of such ratings (upon conversion on the basis of the DBRS Equivalent Chart); (ii) 
if the DBRS Equivalent Rating cannot be determined under paragraph (i) above, but public ratings 
by any two of Fitch, Moody's and S&P Global are available, the lower rating available (upon 
conversion on the basis of the DBRS Equivalent Chart); and (iii) if the DBRS Equivalent Rating cannot 
be determined under paragraph (i) or paragraph (ii) above, and therefore only a public rating by one 
of Fitch, Moody's and S&P Global is available, such rating will be the DBRS Equivalent Rating (upon 
conversion on the basis of the DBRS Equivalent Chart). 
"Delinquent Lease Contract" means each and any Lease Contract for which (i) one or more Lease 
Receivable instalments are overdue, or (ii) where VWL has terminated such Lease Contract. 
"Delinquent Lease Receivables" means each and any Lease Receivables for which one or more 
scheduled instalments are overdue. 
"Determination Date" means the second (2nd) Business Day prior to the first (1st) day of a Monthly 
Period. 
"Discount Rate Variation Option" has the meaning given to such term in clause 16.1 of the 
Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement. 
"Discount Rate Variation Option Notice" has the meaning given to such term in clause 16.6(b) of 
the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement. 
"Discounted Balance" means the Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance plus the Discounted 
Receivables Balance. 
"Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance" means as of the end of any Monthly Period the present 
value of the remaining residual value represented by the Expectancy Rights, calculated using the 
Expectancy Rights Discount Rate. 
"Discounted Receivables Balance" means as of the end of any Monthly Period the present value 
of the remaining Lease Receivables (excluding any Written Off Purchased Lease Receivables), 
calculated using Lease Receivables Discount Rate. 
"Distribution Account" means the interest bearing account with IBAN DE80 5033 0300 8610 0697 
14 held by the Issuer with the Distribution Account Bank. 
"Distribution Account Bank" means the bank operating the Distribution Account, which is The Bank 
of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch.

--- Page 172 ---
- 172 - 
 
 
 
 
"Dynamic Net Loss Ratio" means, for any Payment Date, a fraction, expressed as a percentage 
rate, the numerator of which is the sum of the Discounted Receivables Balance of all Lease 
Receivables (including Lease Receivables which were not received on time and Lease Receivables 
remaining to be paid in the future) at the time they were charged-off by the Servicer in accordance 
with its customary practices (and just before they became Written Off Purchased Leased 
Receivables), as measured during the Monthly Period and the denominator of which is the Aggregate 
Discounted Receivables Balance as of the beginning of the Monthly Period. 
"Early Amortisation Event" shall mean any of the following, (i) the occurrence of a Foreclosure 
Event, (ii) the amounts deposited in the Accumulation Account on three consecutive Payment Dates 
exceed 15 per cent. of the Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance, after application of the 
relevant Order of Priority on such Payment Date, (iii) the Credit Enhancement Increase Condition is 
in effect, (iv) failure by the Issuer, following an event of default or a termination event (as defined in 
the applicable Swap Agreement), to enter into a replacement Swap Agreement or failure by the 
respective Swap Counterparty to post collateral, in each case within the time period specified in the 
applicable Swap Agreement, (each as provided for in clause 20 (Distribution Account, Accumulation 
Account, swap provisions) of the Trust Agreement) or to take other measures to prevent a downgrade 
of the Rated Notes, (v) on any Payment Date falling after six consecutive Payment Dates following 
the Closing Date, the Class A Actual Overcollateralisation Percentage is determined as being lower 
than 46.50 per cent. or the Class B Actual Overcollateralisation Percentage is determined as being 
lower than 33.00 per cent. (vi) the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event in respect of the VCL 
Master Revolving Period or (vii) VWL ceases to be an Affiliate of the Parent or any successor thereto. 
"EC Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Community (signed in Rome on 25 March, 
1957), as amended by the Treaty on European Union (signed in Maastricht on 7 February, 1992), as 
amended by the Treaty of Amsterdam (signed in Amsterdam on 2 November, 1997), as amended by 
the Treaty of Nice (signed in Nice on 26 February, 2001) and as amended by the Treaty of Lisbon 
(signed in Lisbon on 13 December 2007 and in force since 1 December 2009). 
"EEA" means the European Economic Area established under the "The Agreement creating the 
European Economic Area" entered into force on 1 January 2004. 
"Eligible Collateral Bank" means an international recognised bank with the Account Bank Required 
Ratings. 
"Eligible Swap Counterparty" means any entity 
(a) 
the long-term unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligations or DBRS 
Critical Obligations Rating of which are rated by DBRS at least (i) "A" or (ii) "BBB" and which 
posts collateral in the amount and manner set forth in the Swap Agreement; or which obtains 
a guarantee from a person having long-term unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated 
debt obligations of which are rated by DBRS at least (x) "A" or (y) "BBB" and, in the case of 
a rating required pursuant to (y), posts collateral in the amount and manner set forth in the 
Swap Agreement; or in each case, if the relevant entity's long-term unsecured, unguaranteed 
and unsubordinated debt obligations are not rated by DBRS or such entity does not have a 
DBRS Critical Obligations Rating, if applicable, such debt obligations have at least a DBRS 
Equivalent Rating corresponding to the ratings required pursuant to (i) or (ii) above, 
respectively; and 
(b) 
having (i) a rating of not less than the counterparty ratings for the S&P Collateral Framework 
Option then in effect pursuant to the Swap Agreement; or (ii) having the Minimum S&P 
Collateralised Counterparty Rating and posts collateral in the amount and manner set forth 
in the Swap Agreements or (iii) obtaining a guarantee from a party having the minimum 
required counterparty ratings for the S&P Collateral Framework Option then in effect. 
"Enforcement Event" means a Foreclosure Event and the Expectancy Rights Trustee has served 
an Enforcement Notice upon the Issuer. 
"Enforcement Notice" means a notice delivered by the Expectancy Rights Trustee on the Issuer 
upon the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event (in the sole judgement of the Expectancy Rights Trustee

--- Page 173 ---
- 173 - 
 
 
 
 
upon request of the Noteholders holding not less than 66 2/3 per cent. of the outstanding principal 
amount of the Class A Notes or, if no Class A Notes are outstanding, more than 66 2/3 per cent. of 
the outstanding principal amount of the Class B Notes, whereby Notes owned by VW Bank or its 
affiliates, if any, will not be taken into account for the determination of the required majority of 66 2/3 
per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes) stating that the Expectancy Rights Trustee 
commences with the enforcement of the Security pursuant to the procedures set out in the relevant 
Security Documents. 
"Enforcement Proceeds" means the proceeds from the realisation of Leased Vehicles in respect of 
Purchased Lease Receivables and Purchased Expectancy Rights and from the enforcement of any 
other Lease Collateral. 
"English Process Agent" means Intertrust Management Limited. 
"ESMA" means the European Securities and Markets Authority. 
"ESTR" means Euro Short-Term Rate. 
"EU" means the European Union. 
"EU Member State" means, as the context may require, a member state of the European Union or 
of the European Economic Area. 
"EUR" or "EURO" or "€" means the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that 
have adopted the single currency in accordance with the EC Treaty. 
"EURIBOR" (Euro Interbank Offered Rate) means for each Interest Accrual Period, except as 
provided below, the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in 
Euro for that Interest Accrual Period which appears on the Reuters 3000 page EURIBOR01 (the 
"Screen Page") as of 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the second Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Accrual Period.  
(a) 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation appears thereon, in each case as 
at such time, the Interest Determination Agent shall in consultation with the Issuer determine 
EURIBOR on the basis of such other screen rate as agreed between the Issuer and the 
Interest Determination Agent. If the Interest Determination Agent cannot determine 
EURIBOR on the basis of such other screen rate as agreed, EURIBOR shall be the offered 
quotation or the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations on the Screen Page on the last 
day preceding the second Business Day prior to the commencement of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period on which such quotations were offered. 
(b) 
Following a Benchmark Event, the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, shall be entitled, in 
coordination with the Expectancy Rights Trustee, to determine a Substitute Reference Rate 
in its due discretion which shall replace the EURIBOR affected by such Benchmark Event. 
Any Substitute Reference Rate shall apply from (and including) the interest determination 
date determined by the Issuer in its due discretion, which shall be no earlier than on the 
second Business Day, prior to the commencement of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
falling on or immediately following the date of the Benchmark Event, with first effect for the 
Interest Accrual Period for which the Class A Notes Interest Rate and the Class B Notes 
Interest Rate, as the case may be, is determined. If the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, 
decides to determine a Substitute Reference Rate, the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, in 
coordination with the Expectancy Rights Trustee, shall weigh up the interests of the 
Noteholders, any Swap Counterparty and the Issuer's own interests and determine the 
Substitute Reference Rate and any adjustment, if any, in a manner that to the greatest 
possible extent upholds the economic character of the Notes for either side (the 
"Substitution Objective"). Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, the Servicer, on 
behalf of the Issuer, will in the following sequential order: 
(i) 
firstly, implement an Official Substitution Concept;

--- Page 174 ---
- 174 - 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
secondly, if paragraph (i) above is not available, implement an Industry Solution; or  
(iii) 
thirdly, if paragraphs (i) and (ii) above are not available, implement a Generally 
Accepted Market Practice; or  
(iv) 
fourthly, if paragraphs (i) to (iii) above are not available, apply any unsecured or 
secured overnight money market reference rate calculated by the European Central 
Bank or any other third party on swap basis (overnight index swap – OIS); or  
(v) 
fifthly, if paragraphs (i) to (iv) above are not available, determine €STR for the 
Relevant Period to be the Substitute Reference Rate. 
(c) 
If the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, determines a Substitute Reference Rate, it shall also 
be entitled to make, in its due discretion, any such procedural determinations relating to the 
determination of the current Substitute Reference Rate (e.g. the interest determination date, 
the relevant time, the relevant screen page for obtaining the Substitute Reference Rate and 
the fallback provisions in the event that the relevant screen page is not available) and to 
make such adjustments to the definition of "Business Day" in and the business day 
convention provisions in which in accordance with the generally accepted market practice 
are necessary or expedient to make the substitution of the EURIBOR by the Substitute 
Reference Rate operative. To the extent that the Servicer applies a Substitute Reference 
Rate, the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, shall be entitled to determine an Adjustment 
Spread, if applicable. 
If the Servicer (on behalf of the Issuer) uses an overnight rate as Substitute Reference Rate 
in accordance with (i) above, the interest rate shall be a quote-based rate for tradable EUR 
interest swaps derived from the respective overnight rate looking forward (rate for overnight 
indexed swaps) for the relevant Interest Accrual Period calculated on such date as 
determined by the Servicer (on behalf of the Issuer) in its reasonable discretion and in 
accordance with prevailing market standards, if any. 
The Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, is entitled, but not obliged, to determine, in its due 
discretion, a Substitute Reference Rate pursuant to this provisions several times in relation 
to the same Benchmark Event, provided that each later determination is better suitable than 
the earlier one to realise the Substitution Objective and each determination shall be subject 
to prior coordination with the Expectancy Rights Trustee. This paragraph shall apply mutatis 
mutandis in the event of a Benchmark Event occurring in relation to any Substitute Reference 
Rate previously determined by the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer. 
If the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, has determined a Substitute Reference Rate following 
the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, it will cause the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, 
the Substitute Reference Rate determined by it and any further determinations of it pursuant 
to this paragraph associated therewith to be notified to the Interest Determination Agent, the 
Paying Agent, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 11 as soon as possible, but in no event later than two Business Days following the 
determination of the Substitute Reference Rate but in no event later than the first day of the 
Interest Accrual Period to which the Substitute Reference Rate applies for the first time. For 
the avoidance of doubt, if the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, should not determine a 
Substitute Reference Rate, the fallback provisions pursuant to paragraph (a) above shall 
apply. 
(d) 
For the purpose of this definition the following definitions shall apply: 
"Generally Accepted Market Practice" means the use of a certain reference rate, subject 
to certain adjustments (if any), as substitute rate for the EURIBOR or of provisions, 
contractual or otherwise, providing for a certain procedure to determine payment obligations 
which would otherwise have been determined by reference to the EURIBOR in a material 
number of bond issues following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, or any other 
generally accepted market practice to replace the EURIBOR as reference rate for the 
determination of payment obligations.

--- Page 175 ---
- 175 - 
 
 
 
 
"Industry Solution" means any statement by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association (ISDA), the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA), the Association 
for Financial Markets in Europe (AFME), the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (SIFMA), the SIFMA Asset Management Group (SIFMA AMG), the Loan 
Markets Association (LMA), the Deutsche Kreditwirtschaft (DK), the Bundesverband 
Öffentlicher Banken Deutschlands (VÖB), the Deutsche Sparkassen- und Giroverband 
(DSGV), the Bundesverband deutscher Banken (BdB), the Bundesverband der Deutschen 
Volksbanken und Raiffeisenbanken (BVR), the Deutscher Derivate Verband (DDV) or any 
other private association of the financial industry pursuant to which a certain reference rate, 
subject to certain adjustments (if any), should or could be used to replace the EURIBOR or 
pursuant to which a certain procedure should or could be used in order to determine payment 
obligations which would otherwise be determined by reference to the EURIBOR. 
"Official Substitution Concept" means any binding or non-binding statement by any central 
bank, supervisory authority or supervisory or expert body of the financial sector established 
under public law or composed of publically appointed members pursuant to which a certain 
reference rate, subject to certain adjustments (if any), should or could be used to replace the 
EURIBOR or pursuant to which a certain procedure should or could be used in order to 
determine payment obligations which would otherwise be determined by reference to the 
EURIBOR. 
"Relevant Period" means the number of weeks until an Official Substitution Concept, an 
Industry Solution or a Generally Accepted Market Practice has been implemented. 
"Eurosystem" comprises the European Central Bank and the national central banks of those 
countries that have adopted the euro. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprising member states of the European Union that have adopted 
the single currency, the euro, in accordance with the EC Treaty. 
"EU Insolvency Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2015/848 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast), as amended by Regulation (EU) 
2021/2260 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 December 2021. 
"EUWA" means the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 as amended by the European Union 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020. 
"Event of Default" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 11 of the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. 
"Excess Swap Collateral" means, in respect of a Swap Agreement, an amount (which shall be 
transferred directly to the Swap Counterparty in accordance with the Swap Agreement) equal to the 
amount by which the value of the collateral (or the applicable part of any collateral) provided by the 
Swap Counterparty to the Issuer pursuant to the Swap Agreement exceeds the Swap Counterparty's 
liability under the Swap Agreement as at the date of termination of the Swap Agreement or which it 
is otherwise entitled to have returned to it under the terms of the Swap Agreement. 
"Expectancy Rights" means the Initial Expectancy Rights and/or the Additional Expectancy Rights 
to be allocated to VCL Master Residual Value S.A. 
"Expectancy Rights Collection Amount" means (a) the proceeds from the realisation of Leased 
Vehicles (including any amounts received by the Issuer under the Repurchase Agreement) which 
have been allocated to the Issuer pursuant to clause 17 (Enforcement and Sale of Expectancy Rights 
and Leased Vehicles) of the Trust Agreement; plus (b) any payments received under Purchased 
Final Payment Receivables for the respective Monthly Period; plus, (c)(i) Compensation Payments, 
Settlement Amounts related to the relevant Purchased Expectancy Right, Insurance Proceeds 
allocated to the relevant Purchased Expectancy Right and Clean-Up Call Settlement Amounts paid 
by VWL to the Issuer minus (ii) Compensation Payments paid by the Issuer to VWL; plus (d) any 
Monthly Collateral for the respective Monthly Period, unless VWL has transferred the collections 
referred to in (a) and (b) for the respective Monthly Period to the Distribution Account.

--- Page 176 ---
- 176 - 
 
 
 
 
"Expectancy Rights Discount Rate" means 4.338 per cent. 
"Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement" means the expectancy rights purchase agreement 
dated 23 November 2015, as amended and restated from time to time, and entered into between the 
Purchaser, the Seller and the Expectancy Rights Trustee. 
"Expectancy Rights Related Collateral" means the Initial Expectancy Rights Related Collateral 
and/or the Additional Expectancy Rights Related Collateral. 
"Expectancy Rights Trustee" means Intertrust Trustees Limited. 
"Expenses" has the meaning as set out in clause 13.1 (Indemnity and liability) of the Account 
Agreement or in clause 9.1 (Indemnity and liability) of the Agency Agreement, respectively. 
"Extension Letter" means an extension letter by the Issuer to the respective Noteholder in a form 
as attached as Schedule 1 to the Conditions. 
"FATCA" means: 
(a) 
sections 1471 to 1474 of the US Internal Revenue Code and the Treasury regulations and 
official guidance issued thereunder, as amended from time to time ("US FATCA");  
(b) 
any inter-governmental agreement between the United States and any other jurisdiction 
entered into in connection with US FATCA (an "IGA"); 
(c) 
any treaty, law, regulation or official guidance enacted, issued or amended in any jurisdiction 
which facilitates the implementation of US FATCA or an IGA ("Implementing Law"); and 
(d) 
any agreement entered into with the US Internal Revenue Service, the US government or 
any governmental or Tax authority in any other jurisdiction in connection with US FATCA, 
an IGA or any Implementing Law; 
"FATCA Deduction" means a deduction or withholding from a payment under a Programme 
Document required by FATCA; 
"Final Discharge Date" means the Date on which the Expectancy Rights Trustee notifies the Issuer 
and the Programme Creditors that it is satisfied that all the Secured Obligations and/or all other 
monies and other liabilities due or owing by the Issuer have been paid or discharged. 
"Final Payment Receivables" means the Initial Final Payment Receivables and/or the Additional 
Final Payment Receivables. 
"Final Terms" means the final terms to the Base Prospectus, which will be prepared for each issue 
of Notes. 
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Limited, or any successor to its rating business. 
"Foreclosure Event" means any of the following events, 
(a) 
with respect to VCL Master Residual Value S.A. an Insolvency Event occurs; or 
(b) 
the Issuer does not pay interest on the most senior Class of Notes then outstanding on any 
relevant Payment Date and such failure to pay continues for a period of five (5) Business 
Days; or 
(c) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of principal of any Note on the Legal Maturity Date. 
It is understood that the interest and principal on the Notes other than interest on the Class A Notes 
will not be due and payable on any Payment Date prior to the Legal Maturity Date except to the extent 
there are sufficient funds in the Available Distribution Amount to pay such amounts in accordance 
with the Order of Priority.

--- Page 177 ---
- 177 - 
 
 
 
 
 
"FSMA" means the United Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. 
"Funding" means the Notes and the Subordinated Loan. 
"Further Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance" means on each Payment Date, the Additional 
Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance of the Purchased Additional Expectancy Rights sold under 
the Additional Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement less the Replenished Additional Expectancy 
Rights Balance. 
"Further Expectancy Rights Overcollateralisation Amount" means, with respect to any Further 
Issue Date, an amount equal to the product of (i) the Further Expectancy Rights Overcollateralisation 
Percentage and (ii) the Further Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance. 
"Further Expectancy Rights Overcollaterisation Percentage" means 3.00 per cent. 
"Further Issue Date" means each day which shall be a Payment Date on which Further Notes are 
issued, provided that with respect to each Series of Notes such date shall in no event be later than 
the Payment Date immediately preceding the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date applicable to 
such Series. 
"Further Notes" means any notes of each series of any Class of the floating rate asset backed notes 
issued by the Issuer on any Further Issue Date with a maximum total nominal amount of EUR 
10,000,000,000, consisting of up to 100,000 individual Notes, each in the Nominal Amount of EUR 
100,000. 
"Future Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance" means, at the beginning of a Monthly Period, 
the present value of the Purchased Expectancy Rights scheduled to be paid in the future, calculated 
using a discount rate equal to the Expectancy Rights Discount Rate. 
"General Data Protection Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016. 
"General Cash Collateral Amount" means all funds in the Cash Collateral Account (other than any 
funds standing to the credit of the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger). 
"German Banking Act" means the banking act (Kreditwesengesetz) of Germany, as amended or 
restated from time to time. 
"German Civil Code" or "BGB" means the civil code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) of Germany, as 
amended or restated from time to time. 
"German Commercial Code" or "HGB" means the commercial code (Handelsgesetzbuch) of 
Germany, as amended or restated from time to time. 
"German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority" means the German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), including its predecessors 
and any potential successor(s). 
"German Tax Residents" means Persons whose residence, habitual abode, statutory seat, or place 
of effective management and control is located in Germany. 
"Germany" means the Federal Republic of Germany. 
"Global Notes" means in respect of each Class of Notes the global registered notes without coupons 
attached representing each such Class as more specifically described in Condition 1(b). 
"Governmental Authority" means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision 
thereof, any central bank (or similar monetary or regulatory authority) thereof, any body or entity 
exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to a 
government, including without limitation any court, and any Person owned or controlled, through

--- Page 178 ---
- 178 - 
 
 
 
 
stock or capital ownership or otherwise, by any of the foregoing including for the avoidance of doubt 
the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority. 
"Incorporated Terms Memorandum" means the memorandum signed by the Programme Parties 
on or about 21 February 2014 for the purposes of identification, as amended and restated from time 
to time. 
"Initial Cut-Off Date" means 31 October 2015. 
"Initial Electronic File" means an electronic data file comprising the data relevant for the 
identification of the Initial Expectancy Rights purchased on the Closing Date and the related Leased 
Vehicles, other than the personal data of the Lessees.  
"Initial Encrypted List" means an encrypted electronic data file comprising the data relevant for the 
identification of the Initial Expectancy Rights purchased on the Closing Date and the related Leased 
Vehicles, including the personal data of the Lessees. 
"Initial Expectancy Right" means any expectancy right (Anwartschaftsrecht) of the Seller in respect 
of a Leased Vehicle resulting from the transfer of security title to such Leased Vehicle to the Relevant 
Lease Receivables Purchaser under the Relevant Receivables Purchase Agreement subject to the 
resolutory condition (auflösende Bedingung) of the earlier of the security purpose contemplated in 
the Relevant Receivables Purchase Agreement being fulfilled or the occurrence of a Lease Contract 
Termination Event and purchased by the Issuer in accordance with clause 2 of the Expectancy Rights 
Purchase Agreement. 
"Initial Expectancy Rights Purchase Date" means 25 November 2015. 
"Initial Expectancy Rights Purchase Price" means the purchase price in relation to any Purchased 
Initial Expectancy Rights, the Purchased Initial Final Payment Receivables and the corresponding 
Initial Expectancy Rights Related Collateral calculated as follows, the purchase price must not 
exceed the sum of the funds available from (without double counting) (A) the issuance of Initial Notes 
and (B) amounts available under the Subordinated Loan, in each case on the Initial Expectancy 
Rights Purchase Date. The Initial Expectancy Rights Purchase Price to be paid by the Purchaser 
shall equal the sum of the Initial Residual Values discounted by the Expectancy Rights Discount 
Rate, less (i) amounts required for overcollateralisation purposes, less (ii) the amount as set forth in 
connection with the issuance of the Initial Notes for the endowment of the Cash Collateral Account 
to equal the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance and less (iii) certain costs related to 
the issue of the Initial Notes, plus statutory VAT (if applicable) whereby payment of VAT is deferred 
according to clause 3.4 (Transfer of title to the purchased Initial Expectancy Rights) of the Expectancy 
Rights Purchase Agreement. The Initial Expectancy Rights Purchase Price without any applicable 
statutory VAT shall be funded by the issuance of Further Notes and amounts available under the 
Subordinated Lender. For the avoidance of doubt, no Initial Expectancy Rights Purchase Price shall 
be paid by the Purchaser for Initial Expectancy Rights which are transferred to the Purchaser for 
overcollateralisation purposes (zusätzliche Absicherung von Portfoliorisiken). 
"Initial Expectancy Rights Related Collateral" means rights and claims appertaining to the Initial 
Expectancy Rights and the corresponding Initial Final Payment Receivable, in each case without any 
VAT, and any substitute (Surrogat) thereof. 
"Initial Final Payment Receivable" means any final payment receivable relating to an Initial 
Expectancy Right and identified by the relevant contract number set out in the relevant Initial 
Electronic File and the Initial Encrypted List including, but not limited to, a Lessee’s obligation to 
make 
additional 
payments 
under 
an 
Open 
End 
Lease 
Contract 
(Vertrag 
mit 
Gebrauchtwagenabrechnung) and a Lessee’s obligation to make additional payments for excess 
kilometres under a Closed End Lease Contract (Vertrag ohne Gebrauchtwagenabrechnung), and 
other claims due to excess usage and/or damages but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
receivables arising from a Lessee's option to purchase the Leased Vehicle. 
"Initial Issue" means the issue of the Initial Notes by the Issuer.

--- Page 179 ---
- 179 - 
 
 
 
 
"Initial Issue Date" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the day on which the Initial Notes of such 
Series are issued as set out in the respective Final Terms. 
"Initial Notes" means the floating rate asset backed notes of each Series issued by the Issuer on 
each Initial Issue Date. 
"Initial Residual Value" means the value of the Leased Vehicle relating to an Initial Expectancy 
Right as set at the inception of the related Lease Contract as the potential value of the vehicle at the 
maturity date of the underlying Lease Contract as determined by VWL pursuant to its evaluation 
principles reflecting current used car price market developments, as applicable. 
"Insolvency Event" means, with respect to VCL Master Residual Value S.A., the Seller, the Servicer, 
the Expectancy Rights Trustee or the VCL Master Security Trustee, as the case may be, the 
occurrence of any of the following events, (i) the making of an assignment, conveyance, composition 
or marshalling of assets for the benefit of its creditors generally or any substantial portion of its 
creditors; (ii) the application for, seeking of, consent to, or acquiescence in, the appointment of a 
receiver, custodian, trustee, liquidator or similar official for it or a substantial portion of its property; 
(iii) the initiation of any case, action or proceedings before any court or Governmental Authority 
against it under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, bankruptcy, receivership, 
dissolution, reorganisation, winding-up, relief of debtors, stabilisation, restructuring or other similar 
laws and such proceedings not being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of 
discontinuing or discharging the same; (iv) the levy or enforcement of a distress or execution or other 
process upon or sued out against the whole or any substantial portion of its undertaking or assets 
and such possession or process (as the case may be) not being discharged or otherwise ceasing to 
apply within sixty (60) days; (v) initiation or consent to any case, action or proceedings in any court 
or Governmental Authority relating to it under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, 
bankruptcy, receivership, dissolution, reorganisation, winding-up, relief of debtors or other similar 
laws; (vi) an order being made against it or an effective resolution being passed for its winding-up; or 
(vii) it is deemed generally unable to pay its debts within the meaning of any liquidation, insolvency, 
composition, reorganisation or other similar laws in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
establishment (provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, any assignment, charge, pledge or lien 
made by the Issuer for the benefit of the VCL Master Security Trustee or the Expectancy Rights 
Trustee under the Trust Agreement or the Security Assignment Deed shall not constitute an 
Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer). 
"Institution" means a German credit institution or financial services institution (including a German 
branch of a non-German credit institution or financial services institution, but excluding a non-German 
branch of a German credit institution or financial services institution). 
"Insurance Claims" means any claims against any car insurer in relation to any damaged Leased 
Vehicle. 
"Insurance Proceeds" means any proceeds or monetary benefit in respect of any Insurance Claims. 
"Interest" means in respect of any Lease Receivable, each of the scheduled periodic payments of 
interest (if any) payable by the Lessee as provided for in accordance with the terms of the relevant 
Lease Contract. 
"Interest Accrual Period" shall mean, unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties, the period 
from (and including) a Payment Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Payment Date; provided 
that any initial Interest Accrual Period shall be the period from (and including) the relevant Issue Date 
to (but excluding) the first Payment Date. 
"Interest Determination Agent" means The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 7.7 of the Agency 
Agreement. 
"Interest Shortfall" means the Accrued Interest which is not paid on a Note on the Payment Date 
related to the Interest Accrual Period in which it accrued, including but not limited to any Accrued

--- Page 180 ---
- 180 - 
 
 
 
 
Interest resulted from correction of any miscalculation of interest payable on a Note related to the 
last Interest Accrual Period immediately prior to the Payment Date. 
"International Central Securities Depositary" or "ICSD" means Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear, and "ICSDs" means both Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear collectively. 
"ISIN" means the international securities identification number pursuant to the ISO – 6166 Standard. 
"ISO" means the International Organisation for Standardisation. 
"Issue" means the issue of the VCL Master Notes and the Notes by the Issuer. 
"Issue Date" means each of the Initial Issue Date and each Further Issue Date. 
"Issue Notice" means a notice by the Issuer in a form as attached as Schedule 6 to the Programme 
Agreement. 
"Issuer" means VCL Master Residual Value S.A., having its registered office at 22-24 boulevard 
Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, registered with the Luxembourg register of commerce and companies 
under registration number B 184029, acting solely for and on behalf of its Compartment 2. 
"Late Delinquency Lease Receivables" means each and any Lease Receivable for which one or 
more scheduled instalments are more than six (6) calendar months overdue. 
"Late Delinquency Ratio" means, expressed as a percentage, the ratio of (i) Late Delinquency 
Lease Receivables at the end of any Monthly Period as nominator and (ii) the Aggregate Discounted 
Receivables Balance at the end of such related Monthly Period as denominator. 
"Lead Manager" means Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank. 
"Lease Administration Fee" means the lease administration fee (Bearbeitungsgebühr) relating to a 
Lease Receivable (i) which fee has become payable in accordance with the terms of the relevant 
Lease Contracts and (ii) that is capitalised by VWL in accordance with VWL’s customary accounting 
practice in effect from time to time prior to the sale of such Lease Receivables to the Relevant Lease 
Receivables Purchaser under the Relevant Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Lease Collateral" means (i) security title (Sicherungseigentum) in respect of Leased Vehicles, (ii) 
Insurance Claims, (iii) damage claims arising from a breach of contract or in tort against a Lessee, 
(iv) any claims against third parties due to damage or loss of Leased Vehicles, (v) and any other 
collateral provided by the Lessee to VWL under or in connection with the relevant Lease Contract; in 
each case to the extent and subject as acquired by VWL and excludes, for the avoidance of doubt, 
the Expectancy Rights, the Final Payment Receivables and the Expectancy Rights Related 
Collateral. 
"Lease Contract" means each contractual framework, as applicable in the form of standard business 
terms (Allgemeine Geschäftsbedingungen) or otherwise, governing (immediately prior to any 
transactions under the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement or any Additional Expectancy Rights 
Purchase Agreement) the Seller’s relationship with the respective Lessee(s) with regard to the Lease 
Receivables. 
"Lease Contract Termination Event" means the termination of the Lease Contract including, 
without limitation, 
(a) 
termination due to contractual lapse of contract (Ablauf der regulären, ursprünglich 
vereinbarten Leasingdauer); or 
(b) 
rescission of the Lease Contract by the Lessee (Rücktritt des Leasingnehmers); or 
(c) 
termination due to good cause (Kündigung aus wichtigem Grund).

--- Page 181 ---
- 181 - 
 
 
 
 
"Lease Receivable" means a lease receivable (in particular a lease instalment) arisen under a Lease 
Contract and comprising claims against Lessees in respect of Principal, Interest and Lease 
Administration Fees (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any and all statutory claims being 
commercially equivalent to Principal, Interest and/or Lease Administration Fees) which have been 
purchased by the Relevant Lease Receivables Purchaser. 
"Lease Receivables Discount Rate" means 5.7016 per cent. per annum; discounting shall take 
place on the basis of one year of 360 days being equivalent to 12 months, each month consisting of 
30 days.  
"Leased Vehicles" means, with respect to a Lease Receivable, the related vehicle leased from VWL 
under a Lease Contract. 
"Legal Maturity Date" means the Payment Date falling in September 2030. 
"Lessee" means, in respect of a Lease Receivable, a Person (including consumers and businesses) 
to whom the Seller has leased one or more vehicles on the terms of a Lease Contract. 
"Lessee Notification Event" means the earlier of (i) the institution of insolvency proceedings in 
respect of VWL and/or (ii) non-compliance of VWL with its statutory obligation to transfer any VAT 
(Umsatzsteuer) on the Lease Receivables to the tax office when such VAT becomes due and/or (iii) 
any notification in connection with a Servicer Replacement Event. 
"Losses" has the meaning as set out in clause 13.1 (Indemnity and liability) of the Account 
Agreement or in clause 9.1 (Indemnity and liability) of the Agency Agreement, respectively. 
"Luxembourg" means the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
"Luxembourg Companies Law" means the Luxembourg law on commercial companies of 
10 August 1915, as amended from time to time. 
"Luxembourg Securitisation Law" means the Luxembourg law on securitisation of 22 March 2004, 
as amended. 
"Luxembourg Stock Exchange" means société de la bourse de Luxembourg. 
"Margin" has the meaning given to such term in the Conditions of the relevant Series of Notes. 
"Maximum Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance" means the highest historic Aggregate 
Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance at any time since the inception of the Programme. 
"Maximum Issuance Amount" means the maximum issuance amount up to which the Issuer may 
offer Notes to the relevant Note Purchaser as specified in relation to such Note Purchaser in the 
Programme Agreement from time to time. 
"MiFID II" means directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 
2011/61/EU. "Minimum S&P Collateralised Counterparty Rating" has the meaning given to it in 
the relevant Swap Agreements. 
"Minimum S&P Uncollateralised Counterparty Rating" has the meaning given to it in the relevant 
Swap Agreements. 
"Monthly Collateral" means an amount in cash equal to the sum of (i) Aggregate Discounted 
Expectancy Rights Balance and (ii) Purchased Final Payment Receivables, in each case as 
becoming due in the respective Monthly Period. 
"Monthly Collateral Payment Date" means the fifteenth (15th) calendar day of the month preceding 
the first day of each relevant Monthly Period or, if this is not a Business Day, on the next following 
Business Day.

--- Page 182 ---
- 182 - 
 
 
 
 
"Monthly Collateral Start Date" means any date which falls within fourteen (14) calendar days from 
the date on which the Monthly Remittance Condition was not satisfied. 
"Monthly Investor Report" means the investor report covering the calendar month immediately prior 
to each Servicer Report Performance Date to be provided by the Servicer pursuant to clause 9.1(a)(ii) 
(Reporting duties, Duties under the Swap Agreements and Reporting Duties under the Securitisation 
Regulation) of the Servicing Agreement and containing the information listed in Schedule 2 to the 
Servicing Agreement. 
"Monthly Period" means the calendar month immediately prior to each Payment Date. 
"Monthly Remittance Condition" will no longer be satisfied if any of the following events occur: 
(a) 
the Parent no longer has a long-term rating for unsecured and unguaranteed debt of at least 
"BBB(high)" from DBRS or if a public rating from DBRS is not available, the Parent receives 
notification from DBRS that DBRS has determined the Parent's capacity for timely payment 
of financial commitments would no longer equal a long-term rating for unsecured and 
unguaranteed debt of at least "BBB(high)" from DBRS; or 
(b) 
either (w) the Parent no longer has a short-term rating for unsecured and unguaranteed debt 
of at least "A-2" from S&P Global and a long-term rating for unsecured and unguaranteed 
debt of at least "BBB" from S&P, or (x) where the Parent is not the subject of an S&P Global 
short-term rating, the Parent no longer has a long-term rating for unsecured and 
unguaranteed debt of at least "BBB+" from S&P Global or (y) S&P Global notifies the Issuer 
and/or the Servicer that VWL is not deemed eligible any longer under the applicable rating 
criteria by S&P Global. 
"Monthly Servicer Report" means the servicer report covering the calendar month immediately prior 
to each Servicer Report Performance Date to be provided by the Servicer pursuant to clause 9.1(a)(i) 
(Reporting duties, Duties under the Swap Agreements and Reporting Duties under the Securitisation 
Regulation) of the Servicing Agreement and containing the information listed in Schedule 1 to the 
Servicing Agreement. 
"Negative Buffer Release Amount" means on any Payment Date and to the extent the Buffer 
Release Rate is lower than zero, the product of (a) the product of (i) Buffer Release Rate, and (ii) the 
Future Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance, and (b) -1 (minus one), any Negative Buffer Release 
Amount shall only be used to cover the payment pursuant to items first to ninth of the Order of Priority, 
as set out in clause 21.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
"Net Swap Payment" means for the Swap Agreement, the net amounts with respect to regularly 
scheduled payments owed by the Issuer to a Swap Counterparty, if any, on any Payment Date, 
including any interest accrued thereon, under the Swap Agreement, excluding Swap Termination 
Payments or any other amounts payable to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement. 
"Net Swap Receipts" means for the Swap Agreement, the net amounts received by the Issuer from 
a Swap Counterparty, if any, on any Payment Date, excluding any Swap Termination Payments. For 
the avoidance of doubt, this term does not include any amounts transferred as collateral. 
"New Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance" has the meaning given to such term in 
clause 16.4(b) of the Receivables Expectancy Rights Agreement. 
"New Expectancy Rights Discount Rate" has the meaning given to such term in clause 16.2 of the 
Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement. 
"New Expectancy Rights Trustee" has the meaning as set out in clause 8.3(a) (Authority to collect, 
assumption of obligations, future assignment) of the Trust Agreement. 
"New Issuer" means any Person which substitutes the Issuer pursuant to Condition 11. 
"Nominal Amount" means for each Note the nominal amount as defined in Condition 1(a).

--- Page 183 ---
- 183 - 
 
 
 
 
"Non-Amortising Series" means, on any Payment Date, any Series of Notes which does not qualify 
as an Amortising Series. 
"Noteholders" means the holders of the Notes. 
"Notes" means the Initial Notes and the Further Notes. 
"Notes Factor" means, on any Payment Date after the occurrence of the Series Revolving Period 
Expiration Date in respect of a Series of Notes, the ratio of the outstanding nominal amount of such 
Amortising Series to the nominal amount of such Series of Notes as determined on the Series 
Revolving Period Expiration Date. 
"Note Purchaser" means each party defined as such in the Programme Agreement and together the 
"Note Purchasers".  
"Note Purchaser Accession Letter" means a letter from a prospective purchaser of Notes 
substantially in the Form of Schedule 4 or Schedule 6 of the Programme Agreement. 
"Obligors" means in respect of a Lease Receivable or a Final Payment Receivable, (i) the Lessee(s) 
and (ii) those Persons who have guaranteed the obligations of any Lessee(s) in respect of such 
Lease Receivable or Final Payment Receivable. 
"Open 
End 
Lease 
Contract" 
means 
any 
open 
end 
Lease 
Contract 
(Vertrag 
mit 
Gebrauchtwagenabrechnung), i.e. a Lease Contract which has no fixed residual value guaranteed 
by a dealer but where the buy-back of the car is based on the state of the vehicle and the general 
state of the market at the time of the buy-back so that upon re-marketing of the vehicle, the Lessee 
bears the risk of a loss and partly participates in any profit. 
"Order of Priority" means the order of priority according to which the payments of interest and 
principal to the Noteholders are distributed and other payments due and payable by the Issuer are 
made as more specifically described in clause 21.2 (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
"Parent” means: 
(a) 
Volkswagen Financial Services AG on the Renewal Date and subsequently,  
(b) 
any company which: 
(i) 
holds directly at least 50% of the shares in the Seller; and 
(ii) 
between which and the Seller a profit and loss sharing agreement 
(Gewinnabführungsvertrag) is in place. 
"Payment Date" means the 25th day of each month or, in the event such day is not a Business Day, 
then the next following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case 
the date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day. 
"Person" means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), unincorporated 
association, trust, joint stock company, limited liability company, joint venture or other entity, or a 
government or political subdivision, agency or instrumentality thereof. 
"Portfolio" means the aggregate of all Purchased Lease Receivables and the Purchased 
Expectancy Rights that VWL has not sold or transferred to any Person other than the Relevant Lease 
Receivables Purchaser and/or the Issuer, as applicable, under or in connection with the Relevant 
Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement or any Additional 
Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement, as the case may be. 
"Portfolio Decryption Key" means the portfolio decryption key for the decryption of the list of names 
and addresses of the respective Lessees for each contract number relating to a Lease Contract.

--- Page 184 ---
- 184 - 
 
 
 
 
"Positive Buffer Release Amount" means on any Payment Date and to the extent the Buffer 
Release Rate is equal to or higher than zero, the product of (a) the Buffer Release Rate, and (b) the 
Future Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance. 
"Principal" means with respect to a Lease Receivable each of the scheduled periodic payments of 
principal payable by the respective Lessee as provided for in accordance with the terms of the 
relevant Lease Contract, as may be modified from time to time to account e.g. for unscheduled 
prepayments by the Lessee. 
"Principal Paying Agent" means The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
"Process Agent" means Intertrust (Deutschland) GmbH, Eschersheimer Landstraße 14, 60322 
Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany. 
"Programme" means the Programme Documents, together with all agreements and documents 
executed in connection with the issuance of the Notes, the performance thereof and all other acts, 
undertakings and activities connected therewith. 
"Programme Agreement" means the programme agreement dated 23 September 2015 and entered 
into between the Issuer and the purchasers of the Notes, as amended and restated from time to time. 
"Programme Creditors" means for all Series of Notes, the Noteholders, the VCL Master Security 
Trustee, the Expectancy Rights Trustee, the Seller, the Servicer (if different to the Seller), the Lead 
Manager, the Swap Counterparties, the Subordinated Lender, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Interest Determination Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Account Bank (with respect to the Accounts), 
the Registrar, the Data Protection Trustee, the Cash Administrator and the Corporate Services 
Provider. 
"Programme Documents" means the Conditions of the Notes, the Trust Agreement, the Security 
Assignment Deed, the Programme Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Account Agreement, the 
Custody Agreement, the Swap Agreements, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Expectancy 
Rights Purchase Agreements, the Repurchase Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Data 
Protection Trust Agreement, the ICSDs Agreement, the Corporate Services Agreement and this 
Incorporated Terms Memorandum. 
"Programme Parties" means any and all parties to the Programme Documents. 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 on the prospectus to be published 
when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing 
Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended. 
"Purchased Additional Expectancy Rights" means the Additional Expectancy Rights purchased 
by the Purchaser from the Seller in accordance with any Additional Expectancy Rights Purchase 
Agreement. 
"Purchased Additional Final Payment Receivables" means the Additional Final Payment 
Receivables purchased by the Purchaser from the Seller in accordance with any Additional 
Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement. 
"Purchased Expectancy Rights" means the Purchased Initial Expectancy Rights and/or the 
Purchased Additional Expectancy Rights, allocated to the Issuer. 
"Purchased Final Payment Receivables" means the Purchased Initial Final Payment Receivables 
and/or the Purchased Additional Final Payment Receivables. 
"Purchased Initial Expectancy Rights" means the Initial Expectancy Rights purchased by the 
Purchaser from the Seller in accordance with the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement. 
"Purchased Initial Final Payment Receivables" means the Initial Final Payment Receivables 
purchased by the Purchaser from the Seller in accordance with the Expectancy Rights Purchase 
Agreement.

--- Page 185 ---
- 185 - 
 
 
 
 
"Purchased Lease Receivables" means the Lease Receivables purchased by the Relevant Lease 
Receivables Purchaser from the Seller in accordance with the Relevant Receivables Purchase 
Agreement. 
"Purchased Rights" means the Purchased Expectancy Rights together with the Expectancy Rights 
Related Collateral. 
"Purchaser" means the Issuer in its capacity as purchaser of the Final Payment Receivables secured 
by the Expectancy Rights Related Collateral and the Expectancy Rights. 
"Qualified Replacement Data Protection Trustee" has the meaning given to such term in the Data 
Protection Trust Agreement. 
"Rated Class A Notes" means such Class A Notes to which ratings have been or will be assigned 
by the Rating Agencies. 
"Rated Class B Notes" means such Class B Notes to which ratings have been or will be assigned 
by the Rating Agencies. 
"Rated Notes" means the Rated Class A Notes and the Rated Class B Notes. 
"Rating Agencies" means DBRS and S&P Global. 
"Redeemable Amount" means, with respect to each outstanding Note of any Series and the 
Payment Date on which Expectancy Rights are sold pursuant to clause 8.7 (Early settlement/ Clean-
Up Call/ sale of Expectancy Rights to other securitisation vehicles) of the Expectancy Rights 
Purchase Agreement, an amount determined as the quotient of (A) the Aggregate Redeemable 
Amount, divided by (B) the number of Notes of such Series outstanding on the preceding Payment 
Date. In case of Non-Amortising Series of Notes any redemption payments will be made in a way to 
redeem a certain number of Notes in their principal amount of EUR 100,000. 
"Register" means the register kept and maintained by the Registrar on which the names and 
addresses of the Noteholders and the particulars of the Notes held by such Noteholders and all 
transfers and payments (of interest and principal) of such Notes will be entered. 
"Registered Holder" means the nominee of the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg in whose name the Global Note has been registered. 
"Registrar" means The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch. 
"Related Lease Contract" means with respect to a Leased Vehicle which has been identified in 
column 1 of the Initial Electronic File or Additional Electronic File, as the case may be, relating to the 
Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement or any Additional Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement 
by reference to its vehicle identification number (Fahrgestellnummer), the corresponding Lease 
Contract identified in the same line of such column 1 of the Initial Electronic File or Additional 
Electronic File, as the case may be, by reference to the lease contract number. 
"Relevant Clearing System" means, in respect of any Notes, any of the following: Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and/or Clearstream Banking société anonyme, Luxembourg and any additional or alternative 
clearing system (including Clearstream AG) approved by the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
"Relevant Currency Value" means with respect to an amount on any day, in case of an amount 
denominated in Euro, such amount and, in case of an amount denominated in a currency other than 
Euro (the "Other Currency"), the amount of Euro that could be purchased with such amount of the 
Other Currency at the spot exchange rate on such day. 
"Relevant Final Terms" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Programme Agreement.

--- Page 186 ---
- 186 - 
 
 
 
 
"Relevant Lease Receivables Purchaser" means, in respect of a Lease Contract, VCL Master S.A. 
or the relevant securitisation vehicle to which VCL Master S.A. has sold the relevant Lease 
Receivables in accordance with clause 8.8 of VCL Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Relevant Receivables Purchase Agreement" means, in respect of a Lease Contract, either the 
VCL Master Receivables Purchase Agreement or the relevant receivables purchase agreement 
entered into between the relevant securitisation vehicle, which acquired the relevant Lease 
Receivables from VCL Master in accordance with clause 8.8 of VCL Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement, and VWL. 
"Relevant Security Trustee" means either the VCL Master Security Trustee or the relevant security 
trustee acting for the securitisation vehicle which acquired the relevant Lease Receivables from VCL 
Master in accordance with clause 8.8 of VCL Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Renewal Date" means 25 September 2023. 
"Replenished Additional Expectancy Rights Balance" means on any Additional Purchase Date, 
the lesser of (i) the sum of the Class A Accumulation Amount and the Class B Accumulation Amount 
divided by one (1) minus the Replenished Expectancy Rights Overcollateralisation Percentage, all 
as determined with respect to such Additional Purchase Date or (ii), only on each Additional Purchase 
Date on which no Further Notes will be issued, an amount equal to the sum of the Additional 
Expectancy Rights that are available to be purchased on such Additional Purchase Date. 
"Replenished Expectancy Rights Overcollateralisation Percentage" means 0.070 (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, equals 7.00 per cent.). 
"Required Buffer Release Reserve Amount" means on any Payment Date an amount equal to: 
(a) 
as long as (i) no Reserve Trigger Event has occurred and (ii) following the occurrence of a 
Reserve Trigger Event no such Reserve Trigger Event is continuing: zero; 
(b) 
following the Payment Date on which any and all amounts of interest and principal in respect 
of the Notes have been or will be redeemed in full: zero; 
(c) 
following a Reserve Trigger Event that has occurred and is continuing and provided that the 
Buffer Release Rate is a negative number, the product of (i) such annualised negative Buffer 
Release Rate multiplied by (A) -1 (minus one) and (B) the Aggregate Discounted Expectancy 
Rights Balance on the immediately preceding Payment Date and (ii) 2 (two). 
"Reserve Trigger Event" means that any of the following events occur: 
(a) 
the Parent no longer has a long-term rating for unsecured and unguaranteed debt of at least 
"BBB(high)" from DBRS or if a public rating from DBRS is not available, the Parent receives 
notification from DBRS that DBRS has determined the Parent's capacity for timely payment 
of financial commitments would no longer equal a long-term rating for unsecured and 
unguaranteed debt of at least "BBB(high)" from DBRS; or 
(b) 
either (w) the Parent no longer has a short-term rating for unsecured and unguaranteed debt 
of at least "A-2" from S&P Global and a long-term rating for unsecured and unguaranteed 
debt of at least "BBB" from S&P, or (x) where the Parent is not the subject of an S&P Global 
short-term rating, the Parent no longer has a long-term rating for unsecured and 
unguaranteed debt of at least "BBB+" from S&P Global or (y) S&P Global notifies the Issuer 
and/or the Servicer that VWL is not deemed eligible any longer under the applicable rating 
criteria by S&P Global. 
"Repurchase Agreement" means the repurchase agreement between the Issuer, VWL and the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee originally dated 23 November 2015, as amended and restated from time 
to time. 
"Repurchase Date" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Repurchase Agreement.

--- Page 187 ---
- 187 - 
 
 
 
 
"Repurchase Price" means the purchase price determined pursuant to clause 3.1 or clause 3.2 
(Repurchase Price) of the Repurchase Agreement. 
"Residual Value" means the Initial Residual Value and/or the Additional Residual Value. 
"Revolving Period" means the period from (and including) the Closing Date and ending on the earlier 
of (i) (and including) the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date of the last of the Series of Notes 
and (ii) the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event. 
"Revolving Series of Notes" means a Series of Notes whose Revolving Period has not elapsed. 
"Scheduled Repayment Date" means the date set out as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Secured Obligations" means all duties and liabilities of the Issuer vis-à-vis the other Programme 
Parties under the Programme Documents. 
"Securitisation Regulation" means the Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council laying down common rules on securitisation and creating a European framework for 
simple, transparent and standardised securitisation and amending Directives 2009/65/EC, 
2009/38EC, 2011/61/EU and Regulations (EC) No 1060/2009 and (EU) No 648/2012, as amended 
from time to time, and any relevant regulatory and/or implementing technical standards adopted by 
the European Commission in relation thereto, and in each case, any relevant guidance published by 
the European Banking Authority, the European Securities and Markets Authority (or, in either case, 
any predecessor authority), the European Commission and by German competent authorities, and 
any implementing laws or regulations in force in Germany. 
"Securitisation Regulation Disclosure Requirements" means the disclosure requirements set out 
in Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1224. 
"Securitisation Repository" means European DataWarehouse GmbH, in its capacity as 
securitisation repository and registered in accordance with Article 10 of the Securitisation Regulation. 
"Security" means all the Adverse Claims from time to time created by the Issuer in favour of the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee (and also for the benefit of the Programme Creditors) pursuant to the 
provisions of the Trust Agreement. 
"Security Assignment Deed" means the English law deed of assignment governing the granting of 
security and declaration of trust entered into between, inter alios, VCL Master Residual Value S.A. 
and the Expectancy Rights Trustee dated on or about the Renewal Date. 
"Security Documents" means the Trust Agreement and the Security Assignment Deed, collectively. 
"Seller" means VWL. 
"Series" means in respect of the Notes, any series issued on a given Issue Date. 
"Series Amortisation Date" means with respect to any Series of Notes, the Payment Date on which 
such Series qualifies as an Amortising Series. 
"Series Revolving Period Expiration Date" means with respect to each Series of Notes the 
revolving period expiration as specified for such Series in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Servicer" means Volkswagen Leasing GmbH unless the engagement of Volkswagen Leasing 
GmbH as servicer of the Issuer is terminated in which case Servicer shall mean the replacement 
servicer (if any). 
"Servicer Fee" means, for any Monthly Period, one-twelfth of the Servicer Fee Rate multiplied by the 
sum of the Aggregate Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance as of the beginning of the Monthly 
Period charged on the Payment Date falling in such Monthly Period.

--- Page 188 ---
- 188 - 
 
 
 
 
"Servicer Fee Rate" means 1 per cent. per annum. 
"Servicer Insolvency Event" means that the Servicer declares its inability to effect payments 
(Zahlungsunfähigkeit) or overindebtedness (Überschuldung) or those insolvency proceedings under 
the Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) are instituted by the insolvency court against the Servicer. 
"Servicer Replacement Event" means the occurrence of any event described in paragraphs (a) to 
(d) below: 
(a) 
the Servicer fails to make any payment or deposit to be made by it to the Distribution Account 
and such failure to pay has not been remedied within five (5) Business Days after the earliest 
of (i) receipt by the Servicer of a written notice from the Issuer or any Noteholder of such 
failure to pay or (ii) the Servicer becoming aware of such failure to pay; 
(b) 
the Servicer fails to perform or observe in any material respect any material term, covenant 
or agreement hereunder applicable to it (other than as referred to in paragraphs (a) above) 
and such failure shall remain unremedied for sixty (60) days (or if such failure is not capable 
of remedy, in the Servicer's sole discretion, five Business Days) after receipt by the Servicer 
of written notice from the Issuer or any Noteholder requiring the failure to be remedied, 
(which Servicer Replacement Event shall be deemed to occur only upon the last day of the 
relevant period); 
(c) 
any material written representation or warranty made by the Servicer in its capacity as such 
in the Servicing Agreement or any of the Programme Documents proves to have been 
incorrect, in any material respect, when made or deemed to be made by reference to the 
facts and circumstances then subsisting (provided, that repurchase or exchange of an 
Expectancy Right by VWL in accordance with the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement 
shall be deemed to remedy such circumstances with respect to such Expectancy Right), and 
such incorrect representation or warranty shall remain unremedied for sixty (60) days (or, if 
such failure is not capable of remedy, in the Servicer's sole discretion, five Business Days) 
after receipt by the Servicer of written notice from the Issuer or any Noteholder requiring the 
circumstances causing or responsible for such misrepresentation to be remedied (which 
Servicer Replacement Event shall be deemed to occur only upon the last day of the relevant 
period); or 
(d) 
the Servicer becomes subject to an Insolvency Event;  
provided, however, that if a Servicer Replacement Event referred to under paragraph (a) to (c) above 
has occurred and was caused by an event beyond the reasonable control of the Servicer and if the 
respective delay or failure of performance is cured within a period of 150 days from the date on which 
the original failure to make payment, breach of term, covenant or agreement or breach of 
representation or warranty referred to under paragraph (a) to (c) occurred, a Servicer Replacement 
Event will be deemed not to have occurred. 
"Servicer Report Performance Date" means the 5th Business Day prior to each Payment Date. 
"Servicing Agreement" means the servicing agreement between the Servicer, the Issuer and the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee originally dated on or about the Signing Date, as amended and restated 
from time to time. 
"Settlement Amount" means the sum payable by VWL to the Issuer pursuant to clause 8 of the 
Expectancy Rights Receivables Purchase Agreement equal to 
(a) 
the present value of the residual value representing the Purchased Expectancy Rights, 
calculated using the Expectancy Rights Discount Rate, or 
(b) 
in case of alteration of a Lease Contract pursuant to clause 8.2 of the Expectancy Rights 
Purchase Agreement, the difference between (i) the present value of the residual value 
representing the Purchased Expectancy Rights agreed upon at the inception of the Lease 
Contract and (ii) the present value of the future outstanding residual value representing the

--- Page 189 ---
- 189 - 
 
 
 
 
Purchased Expectancy Rights following such alteration of the related Lease Contract, in 
each case discounted at the Expectancy Rights Discount Rate. 
Discounting shall be made on the relevant present values of the Purchased Expectancy Rights on 
the last calendar day of the month prior to the repurchase date in which the buying back shall become 
effective using, as applicable, the Expectancy Rights Discount Rate on the basis of one year of 360 
days being equivalent to 12 months, each month consisting of 30 days.  
"Shortfall" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 7.3 (Duties of the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Calculation Agent and the Interest Determination Agent) of the Agency Agreement. 
"Signing Date" means 23 November 2015. 
"Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance" means on each Payment Date, (i) during 
the Revolving Period an amount being equal to 3.00 per cent. of the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of all Notes after application of the applicable Order of Priority on the preceding Payment 
Date and and (ii) after the Revolving Period, the lesser of (a) the Specified General Cash Collateral 
Account Balance on the last Payment Date of the Revolving Period and (b) the aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes after application of the applicable Order of Priority on the preceding 
Payment Date. 
"Subordinated Lender" means the subordinated lender under the Subordinated Loan Agreement, 
being an Affiliate of Volkswagen AG. 
"Subordinated Loan" means the loan received (or to be received) by the Issuer under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Subordinated Loan Advance Notice" has the meaning assigned to such term in clause 2.3 (The 
Subordinated Loan) of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Subordinated Loan Agreement" means the Subordinated Loan Agreement originally dated 
23 November 2015, as amended and restated from time to time and entered into by, inter alios, the 
Issuer, the Subordinated Lender and the Expectancy Rights Trustee, under which the Subordinated 
Lender will advance (or has advanced) the Subordinated Loan to the Issuer. 
"Subordinated Loan Amount" means the amount received (or to be received) by the Issuer from 
the Subordinated Lender in respect of the acquisition of the Expectancy Rights. 
"Subordinated Loan Increase Amount" means, with respect to any Further Issue Date, an amount 
equal to the difference of (a) the Further Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance less (b) the sum of 
the Class A Notes Increase Amount and the Class B Notes Increase Amount and less (c) the Further 
Expectancy Rights Overcollateralisation Amount, all such amounts as of such Further Issue Date. 
"Subscription Agreement" means an agreement between the Issuer, the Lead Manager, the Seller, 
the Expectancy Rights Trustee and the Note Purchasers substantially in the form of Schedule 8 of 
the Programme Agreement. 
"Substitute Reference Rate" means a rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) provided 
by a third party and meeting any applicable legal requirements for being used for determining the 
payment obligations under the Notes determined by the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, in its due 
discretion, as modified by applying the adjustments (e.g. in the form of premiums or discounts), if 
any, that may be determined by the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, in its due discretion. 
"Successor Bank" means the successor account bank determined in accordance with the Account 
Agreement. 
"Swap Agreement" means the relevant interest rate swap agreement between the Issuer and the 
Swap Counterparty in respect of the respective Series of Notes pursuant to the 2002 ISDA Master 
Agreement, the associated schedule and the credit support annex and a confirmation dated on or 
about the Renewal Date or any amendments thereto.

--- Page 190 ---
- 190 - 
 
 
 
 
"Swap Agreements" means all swap agreements entered into by the Issuer acting with respect to 
any Class and Series of Notes to swap a floating interest rate under such Notes against a fixed rate. 
"Swap Counterparty" means Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 12 place des Etats-
Unis, CS 70052, 92547 Montrouge Cedex, France.  
"Swap Replacement Proceeds" means any amounts received from a replacement Swap 
Counterparty in consideration for entering into a replacement Swap Agreement for a terminated Swap 
Agreement. 
"Swap Termination Payment" means the payment due to the Swap Counterparty by the Issuer or 
to the Issuer by the Swap Counterparty, including interest that may accrue thereon, under the Swap 
Agreements due to a termination of any Swap Agreement due to an "event of default" or "termination 
event" under that Swap Agreement. 
"Swap Termination Payment Account" means the interest bearing account held with the Swap 
Termination Payment Account Bank. 
"Swap Termination Payment Account Bank" means The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch. 
"S&P Global" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, a subsidiary of the McGraw-Hill.  
"S&P Collateral Framework Option" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Swap Agreements. 
"Targeted Delinquent Lease Class A Note Balance" means the Discounted Expectancy Rights 
Balance of Expectancy Rights related to a Delinquent Lease Contract not sold pursuant to clause 8.7 
of the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement on the respective Payment Date multiplied by 30.0 
per cent. 
"Targeted Delinquent Lease Class B Note Balance" means the Discounted Expectancy Rights 
Balance of Expectancy Rights related to a Delinquent Lease Contract not sold pursuant to clause 8.7 
of the Expectancy Rights Purchase Agreement on the respective Payment Date multiplied by 6.0 per 
cent. 
"Targeted Non-Delinquent Lease Class A Note Balance" means the product of (i) the sum of (A) 
the Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance of Expectancy Rights that are not related to a Delinquent 
Lease Contract and that are not sold pursuant to this clause 8.7 of the Expectancy Rights Purchase 
Agreement on the respective Payment Date and (B) the Replenished Additional Expectancy Rights 
Balance on the respective Payment Date, and (ii) 53.50 per cent. 
"Targeted Non-Delinquent Lease Class B Note Balance" means the product of (i) the sum of (A) 
the Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance of Expectancy Rights that are not related to a Delinquent 
Lease Contract and that are not sold pursuant to this clause 8.7 of the Expectancy Rights Purchase 
Agreement on the respective Payment Date and (B) the Replenished Additional Expectancy Rights 
Balance on the respective Payment Date, and (ii) 13.50 per cent. 
"Targeted Remaining Class A Note Balance" means the sum of (i) the Targeted Non-Delinquent 
Lease Class A Note Balance and (ii) the Targeted Delinquent Lease Class A Note Balance. 
"Targeted Remaining Class B Note Balance" means the sum of (i) the Targeted Non-Delinquent 
Lease Class B Note Balance and (ii) the Targeted Delinquent Lease Class B Note Balance. 
"Tax Information Agreement" means any governmental or inter-governmental arrangement, or 
other arrangement between competent authorities, for the cross-border exchange of Tax information 
applicable in any jurisdiction (or any treaty, law, regulation, or official guidance enacted, issued or 
amended in any jurisdiction which facilitates the implementation of such arrangement) including 
(without limitation) FATCA, the OECD global standard for automatic and multilateral exchange of 
financial information between tax authorities (also known as the "Common Reporting Standard") 
any arrangement analogous to FATCA, and any bilateral or multilateral Tax information agreement.

--- Page 191 ---
- 191 - 
 
 
 
 
"Terminated Lease Receivable" means each and any Lease Receivable which has been 
terminated. 
"Term Takeout" means any disposal of any or all Purchased Expectancy Rights by the Issuer to a 
company that issues asset backed securities secured by Expectancy Rights or other assets 
originated or acquired by a member of Volkswagen Group in connection with term issuances of debt 
instruments of such separate company. 
"Trust Agreement" means the trust agreement dated on or about the Signing Date and entered into 
between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Expectancy Rights Trustee and the VCL Master Security Trustee. 
"Trustee Claim" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 4.2 (Position of the Expectancy 
Rights Trustee in relation to the Issuer) of the Trust Agreement. 
"T2 System" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any 
successor system. 
"UK" or "the United Kingdom" means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
"UK CRA Regulation" means the CRA3 as it was part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the EUWA and as amended by the Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment, etc) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2019). 
"United States" means, for the purpose of issue of the Notes and the Programme Documents, the 
United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its 
possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, America Samoa, Wake Island 
and the Northern Mariana Islands). 
"U.S. Risk Retention Rules" means Regulation RR (17 C.F.R Part 246) implementing the risk 
retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  
"VAT" means value added tax. 
"VCL Master Cash Collateral Account" means the interest bearing account with IBAN 
DE77503303008608409710 held by VCL Master S.A. with the Distribution Account Bank. 
"VCL Master Distribution Account" means the interest bearing account with IBAN 
DE50503303008608409711 held by VCL Master S.A. with the Distribution Account Bank. 
"VCL Master General Cash Collateral Amount" means all funds in the VCL Master Cash Collateral 
Account. 
"VCL Master Notes" means the notes issued by VCL Master S.A. 
"VCL Master Programme Legal Maturity Date" means the Payment Date falling in September 
2030. 
"VCL Master Receivables Purchase Agreement" means collectively the receivables purchase 
agreement dated 19 January 2010, as amended and restated from time to time, and entered into 
between VCL Master S.A. and VWL and any additional receivables purchase agreement entered into 
between VCL Master S.A. and VWL. 
"VCL Master Revolving Period" means the period from (and including) the Initial Issue Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the earlier of (i) the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date of the last 
outstanding Series of VCL Master Notes and (ii) the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event. 
"VCL Master Security Trustee" means Intertrust Trustees GmbH. 
"VCL Master Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance" means, on each Payment 
Date, (i) during the Revolving Period an amount being equal to 0.75 per cent. of the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of all VCL Master Notes after application of the applicable Order of

--- Page 192 ---
- 192 - 
 
 
 
 
Priority on the preceding Payment Date and (ii) after the Revolving Period, the lesser of (a) the VCL 
Master Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance on the last Payment Date of the 
Revolving Period and (b) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the VCL Master Notes after 
application of the applicable Order of Priority on the preceding Payment Date (for the avoidance of 
doubt, all capitalised terms has the meaning ascribed to such term in the VCL Master's base 
prospectus). 
"VCL Master S.A." means VCL Master S.A., acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 1. 
"Vehicle Sale Amount" means with respect to a Leased Vehicle either the market value of the 
Leased Vehicle determined as of the date of return of the relevant Leased Vehicle as assessed by a 
vehicle expert (Kraftfahrzeugsachverständiger) or the purchase price for such Leased Vehicle paid 
by the respective dealer to VWL, as applicable. 
"Volkswagen Group" means Volkswagen AG and any of its Affiliates. 
"VWL" means Volkswagen Leasing GmbH. 
"Waterfall Table" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 6.1 (Functions of the Calculation 
Agent) of the Agency Agreement. 
"Weighted Average Seasoning" means, on each Payment Date, the weighted average seasoning 
of the Lease Contracts, calculated on a lease by lease basis as the original term minus the remaining 
term of each such Lease Contract, weighted by the Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance as at the 
end of the related Monthly Period related to such Payment Date. 
"Withdrawn Cash Collateral" has the meaning as set out in clause 20.7 (Distribution Account, 
Accumulation Account, swap provisions) of the Trust Agreement. 
"Write-Off" means in respect of any debts owed to VWL by a Lessee under a Lease Contract the 
action taken by VWL in its capacity as Servicer to finally write-off such debts in accordance with its 
customary accounting practice in effect from time to time. 
"Written Off Purchased Lease Receivables" means Purchased Lease Receivables which have 
been subject to a Write-Off. 
"2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions" means the definitions and provisions published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
1.2 
In this Master Definitions Schedule, words denoting the singular number only shall also include the 
plural number and vice versa, words denoting one gender only shall include the other genders, and 
words denoting individuals only shall include firms and corporations and vice versa. 
2. 
INTERPRETATION 
In any Programme Document, the following shall apply, 
(a) 
in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word 
"from" means "from and including" and the words "to" and "until" each mean "to but 
excluding". The word "including" shall not be exclusive and shall mean "including, without 
limitation"; 
(b) 
if any date specified in any Programme Document would otherwise fall on a day that is not 
a Business Day, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that 
day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day 
that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
periods of days shall be counted in calendar days unless Business Days are expressly 
prescribed;

--- Page 193 ---
- 193 - 
 
 
 
 
(d) 
the expression "tax" shall be construed so as to include any tax, levy, impost, duty or other 
charge of similar nature, including, without limitation, any penalty or interest payable in 
connection with any failure to pay or delay in paying the same; 
(e) 
a reference to law, treaty, statute, regulation, order, decree, directive or guideline of any 
governmental authority or agency, or any provision thereof, shall be construed as a 
reference to such law, statute, regulation, order, decree, directive or guideline, or provision, 
as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted; 
(f) 
any reference to any Person appearing in any of the Programme Documents shall include 
its successors and permitted assigns; 
(g) 
any reference to an agreement, deed or document shall be construed as a reference to such 
agreement, deed or document as the same may from time to time be amended, varied, 
novated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified; 
(h) 
to the extent applicable, the headings of clauses, schedules, sections, articles and exhibits 
are provided for convenience only. They do not form part of any Programme Document and 
shall not affect its construction or interpretation. Unless otherwise indicated, all references 
in any Programme Document to clauses, schedules, sections, articles and exhibits refer to 
the corresponding clauses, schedules, sections, articles or exhibits of that Programme 
Document; 
(i) 
unless specified otherwise, "promptly" or "immediately" shall mean without undue delay 
(ohne schuldhaftes Zögern); 
(j) 
"novation" shall, for the purposes of documents governed by German law, be construed as 
Vertragsübernahme. "To novate" shall be interpreted accordingly; and 
(k) 
where a German term has been used, it alone, and not the English term to which it relates, 
shall be authoritative for the interpretation of the relevant Programme Document. Where 
English terms are accompanied by German definitions, such definitions shall define how 
such terms are to be interpreted under the laws of Germany.

--- Page 194 ---
- 194 - 
 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
An investment in the Notes that are the subject of these Final Terms is only suitable for financially 
sophisticated investors who are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such investment and who have 
sufficient resources to be able to bear any losses (including the total loss of the invested amount) which may 
result from such investment. 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market - Solely for the 
purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment pursuant to the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion 
that: (a) the target market for the Notes is only: (i) eligible counterparties, as defined in COBS; and (ii) 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (b) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate, noting the responsibility of each manufacturer under 
COBS only. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
Final Terms 
[Date] 
VCL Master Residual Value S.A. 
acting with respect to its Compartment 2 
(incorporated with limited liability in Luxembourg with R.C.S. registration number B 184029) 
as Issuer 
for the issuance of the 
EUR [] Series [] [Class A / Class B] Notes 
[(to be consolidated and form a single Series with the EUR [] Series [] [Class A / Class B] Notes already 
outstanding)] 
issued pursuant to the 
EUR 10,000,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of Notes 
These Final Terms are issued to replicate the information in relation to issue of [Class A / Class B] Notes by 
VCL Master Residual Value S.A. acting with respect to its Compartment 2 under the EUR 10,000,000,000 
Programme for the issuance of Notes (the "Programme"). The Base Prospectus dated 21 September 2023 
[and any supplement dated [] hereto] and the Final Terms have been published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and the Base Prospectus is published on the website of 
Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. (https://circumferencefs-luxembourg.com).

--- Page 195 ---
- 195 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Final Terms of the Series [] [Class A / Class B] Notes have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on 
the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus. Capitalised terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning specified 
in the Conditions of the [Class A / Class B] Notes. All references in these Final Terms to numbered Conditions 
are to be read as reference to the respective Conditions of the [Class A / Class B] Notes. 
1. 
Issue Price: 
[] 
2. 
[Initial] [Further] Issue Date (Condition 8(a)): 
[] 
3. 
[Class A / Class B] Series Number: 
[] 
Tranche Number, 
[] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of [Further] Series [] [Class A / 
Class B] Notes: 
EUR [] 
5. 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Series [] [Class A / Class B] 
Notes (including the Notes subject of these Final Terms):] 
EUR [] [Not Applicable] 
6. 
Series [] [Class A / Class B] Notes Interest Rate / yield: 
EURIBOR rate for one month Euro 
deposits plus the Margin as set out 
in Condition 8(c) / [] 
Amount on which interest is to be paid on the first Payment 
Date (Condition 9(a)): 
EUR [] 
7. 
Margin (Condition 8(c)): 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
First Payment Date with respect to the Series [] [Class A / 
Class B] Notes: 
[] 
8. 
Series Revolving Period Expiration Date: 
Payment 
Date 
falling 
in 
[] 
(including) (or as extended in 
accordance with Condition 9(f)) 
9. 
Scheduled Repayment Date (Condition 9(d)): 
Payment Date falling in [] (or as 
extended 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 9(f) as a consequence of 
the 
extension 
of 
the 
Series 
Revolving Period Expiration Date) 
10. 
Legal Maturity Date (Condition 9(e)): 
[] (or as extended in accordance 
with 
Condition 
9(f) 
as 
a 
consequence of the extension of 
the 
Series 
Revolving 
Period 
Expiration Date) 
11. 
Settlement information: 
[delivery 
against 
payment] 
/ 
[delivery free of payment] / [Not 
applicable] 
12. 
Clearing Codes: 
 
 
- ISIN Code 
[] 
 
- Common Code 
[] 
13. 
Admission to trading and total expenses: 
Application has been made for the 
Series [] [Class A / Class B]

--- Page 196 ---
- 196 - 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes subject of these Final Terms 
to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated 
market 
of 
the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange with 
effect from []. The total expenses 
related to the admission to trading 
will amount to EUR []. 
14. 
Use of proceeds 
The aggregate gross proceeds 
from the issuance of the Series [] 
[Class A / Class B] Notes will be 
used to purchase the Expectancy 
Rights from Volkswagen Leasing 
GmbH on the relevant Further 
Issue Date and to pay costs 
related to the issue of the Series 
[] [Class A / Class B] Notes. 
15. 
Net amount of proceeds 
EUR [] 
16. 
Ratings 
[][Not Applicable]2 
 
[In case of Further Notes being subject to these Final Terms, please insert updated portfolio data] 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of Series 
[] [Class A / Class B] Notes described herein (as from [insert Issue Date]). 
VCL Master Residual Value S.A., acting with respect to its Compartment 2 
 
[Name and title of signatories]  
 
 
 
2  
A brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings will be inserted, to the extent rated.

--- Page 197 ---
- 197 - 
 
 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subscription and Sale 
Each Note Purchaser has agreed to subscribe the Notes and to comply with the selling restrictions set out 
below. 
The issuance of the Notes is not designed to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules other than the 
exemption under Section _.20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. "U.S. Risk Retention Rules" means 
Regulation RR (17 C.F.R Part 246) implementing the risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, adopted pursuant to the requirements of Section 941 of the 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
The Notes at all times may not, without the prior consent of the Seller, be purchased by any person except 
for persons that are not "U.S. persons" as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules ("Risk Retention U.S. 
Persons").  Prospective investors should note that the definition of "U.S. person" in the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules is substantially similar to, but not identical to, the definition of "U.S. person" in Regulation S.  
Each purchaser of Notes, including beneficial interests therein, will be deemed, and in certain circumstances 
will be required, to represent and agree that: (1) it is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person (2) it is acquiring such 
Note or a beneficial interest therein for its own account and not with a view to distribute such Note to a U.S. 
person; and (3) it is not acquiring such Note or a beneficial interest therein as part of a scheme to evade the 
requirements of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. 
The Notes may not be sold to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except (i) pursuant to an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of, the Securities Act and (ii) 
in accordance with an exemption from the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
All applicable laws and regulations must be observed in any jurisdiction in which the Notes may be offered, 
sold or delivered, to the best of each Note Purchaser's knowledge and belief (subject that each Note 
Purchaser shall have no liability to the Issuer or the Seller in respect of any non-observance of the U.S. Risk 
Retention Rules by the Issuer or the Seller or any other person). Each Note Purchaser (with respect to the 
Series of Notes acquired by such Note Purchaser) has agreed that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer, sell 
or deliver any of the Notes or distribute the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the 
Notes, in or from any jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result in compliance with the applicable 
laws and regulations of such jurisdiction, to the best of each Note Purchaser's knowledge and belief, and that 
it will not impose any obligations on the Issuer except as set out in the Programme Agreement. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Note Purchasers will not have any liability to the Issuer or the Seller for 
compliance with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules by the Issuer or the Seller or any other person except to the 
extent as set out in the Note Purchase Agreement. 
Germany 
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed that the Notes have not been and will not be offered or 
sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in Germany other than in compliance with the provisions of the 
German Asset Investment Act (Vermögensanlagengesetz), or of any other laws applicable in Germany 
governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
Japan 
Each of the Note Purchasers has acknowledged, and each further Note Purchaser appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge, that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) and, accordingly, 
the Note Purchaser has undertaken that it will not offer or sell any Notes directly or indirectly, in Japan or to,

--- Page 198 ---
- 198 - 
 
 
 
 
 
or for the benefit of, any Japanese Person or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to any Japanese Person except under circumstances which will result in compliance with all applicable 
laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the relevant Japanese governmental and regulatory 
authorities and in effect at the relevant time. For the purposes of this paragraph, "Japanese Person" shall 
mean any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of 
Japan. 
United States of America and its Territories 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act, 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state or local securities laws and under 
circumstances designed to preclude the issuer from having to register under the Investment Company Act.  
Each of the Note Purchasers has represented and agreed under the Programme Agreement that it has not 
offered, sold or delivered the Notes, and will not offer or sell the Notes (i) as part of its distribution at any time 
or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after the later of the date the Notes are first offered to Persons 
other than distributors in reliance on Regulation S and the Closing Date or the Initial Issue Date, as applicable, 
except, in either case, only in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 (as applicable) of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. No Note Purchaser nor their respective affiliates (as defined in Rule 501(b) of Regulation 
D under the Securities Act) nor any Persons acting on its behalf have engaged or will engage in any "directed 
selling efforts" with respect to the Notes, and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions 
requirements of Regulation S under the Securities Act. At or prior to confirmation of the sale of Notes, each 
Note Purchaser will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other 
remuneration that purchases Notes from them during the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S) a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect:  
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise 
until forty (40) calendar days after the later of the date the Notes are first offered to Persons other 
than distributors in reliance on Regulation S and the Closing Date or the Initial Issue Date, as 
applicable, except, in either case, in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms 
used above have the meaning given to them in Regulation S under the Securities Act". 
Terms used in this section have the meaning given to them in Regulation S under the Securities Act save 
that as used in this paragraph "U.S. Person" means a U.S. person within the meaning of Regulation S. 
The Notes may not be offered, or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
Persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements 
of, the Securities Act. 
United Kingdom 
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed, and each further Note Purchaser appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA")) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not 
apply to the Issuer; and  
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 199 ---
- 199 - 
 
 
 
 
 
Republic of France 
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed, and each further Note Purchaser appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, 
 
(a) 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise transferred and will not offer, sell or otherwise transfer, directly 
or indirectly, any Notes to the public in France other than in accordance with the exemption of article 
1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to 
the public in France, other than to qualified investors, as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to 
the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed, and each further Note Purchaser appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(l) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); and 
(m) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed, and each further Note Purchaser appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; and

--- Page 200 ---
- 200 - 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes.

--- Page 201 ---
- 201 - 
 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation of Note Issuance 
The issuance of the Notes was authorised by the board of directors of the Issuer on 20 November 2015, the 
increase of the Programme amount from EUR 3,000,000,000 to EUR 6,000,000,000 was authorised by the 
board of directors of the Issuer on 13 September 2018 and the increase of the Programme amount from EUR 
6,000,000,000 to EUR 8,000,000,000 was authorised by the board of directors of the Issuer on 17 March 
2020 and the increase of the Programme amount from EUR 8,000,000,000 to EUR 9,000,000,000 was 
authorised by the board of directors of the Issuer on 14 September 2021 and the increase of the Programme 
amount from EUR 9,000,000,000 to EUR 10,000,000,000 was authorised by the board of directors of the 
Issuer on 12 September 2023. The update and extension of the Programme was authorised by the board of 
directors of the Issuer on 12 September 2023.  
Governmental, Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
During the period covering the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not been 
engaged in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had in the recent past significant 
effects on the Issuer’s financial position or profitability.  
Material Adverse Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 
31 December 2022. 
Payment Information and Post-Issuance Transaction Information 
The Issuer intends to provide post-issuance transaction information regarding the Notes to be admitted to 
trading and the performance of the underlying assets. The Servicer will provide the investors with monthly 
investor reports regarding the Notes and the performance of the underlying assets. Such investor reports will 
be provided on a monthly basis and sent directly to the relevant investors. 
For as long as any of the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Issuer 
will notify the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of the Interest Amounts, Interest Accrual Periods and the Interest 
Rates and the payments of principal, in each case without delay after their determination pursuant to the 
Conditions of the Notes. This information will be communicated to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at the 
latest on the first day of each Interest Accrual Period. 
All information to be given to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 7 of the Notes will be available and may 
be obtained (free of charge) at the specified office of the Issuer. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear as operator 
of the Euroclear system. 
All notices to the Noteholders regarding the Notes shall be (i) published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) as long as the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require and (ii) be delivered to the applicable clearing systems 
for communication by them to the Noteholders. Any notice referred to under (ii) above shall be deemed to 
have been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was delivered 
to the respective clearing system. Any notice referred to under (i) above shall be deemed to have been given 
to all Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was published on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
The Issuer is expected to make application for the Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading at the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 202 ---
- 202 - 
 
 
 
 
 
ICSDs 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II 
B-1210 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
Clearstream Banking société anonyme  
42 Avenue JF Kennedy 
L-1885 Luxembourg 
Clearing Codes of Notes 
As set out in the Final Terms prepared for the relevant Series of Notes. 
Inspection of Documents  
Copies of the following documents may be inspected during customary business hours on any working day 
from the date hereof (or the date of publication of such document, as relevant) for at least ten years at the 
registered office of the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent or made available upon request by means of 
electronic distribution , (i) this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms, (ii) the Trust Agreement, (iii) the Security 
Assignment Deed, (iv) the Agency Agreement, and (v) the Articles of Incorporation of the Issuer and all 
historical and future financial statements of the Issuer. A copy of this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final 
Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and a copy of 
this Base Prospectus only will be published on the website of Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. 
(https://www.circumferencefs.com/). The Articles of Incorporation of VCL Master Residual Value S.A. and all 
historical financial reports of VCL Master Residual Value S.A. (interim financial reports will not be prepared) 
will be published on the website of Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. (https://www.circumferencefs.com/). 
The Servicer shall publish Monthly Investor Reports regarding the Notes and the performance of the 
underlying assets. Monthly Investor Reports shall be published by the Servicer five days prior to the Payment 
Date of a calendar month via the Securitisation Repository. Furthermore, the Monthly Investor Report will be 
published by the Servicer five days prior to the Payment Date of a calendar month available on 
https://www.vwfs.com/en/investor-relations/volkswagen-leasing-gmbh/refinancing.html#. Subject to any 
amendments in accordance with the Securitisation Regulation, such Monthly Investor Reports will, inter alia, 
provide the following information: 
a. pool balance; 
b. collections of the Purchased Final Payment Receivables and the Expectancy Rights Related 
Collateral for the Monthly Period; 
c. overcollateralisation; 
d. credit enhancement; 
e. Available Distribution Amount; 
f. outstanding principal balance before and after origination of Additional Expectancy Rights and 
any Borrowing Base Cure Amount on such date; 
g. outstanding contracts; 
h. contract status; 
i. early settlements; 
j. contracts in arrears; 
k. change in delinquencies;

--- Page 203 ---
- 203 - 
 
 
 
 
 
l. write-offs on the Lease Contracts; 
m. Revolving Period; 
n. Dynamic Net Loss Ratio; 
o. 12-Months Average Dynamic Net Loss Ratio; 
p. Late Delinquency Ratio; 
q. the Buffer Release Rate, any amount standing to the credit of the Buffer Release Reserve 
Ledger, any Positive Buffer Release Amount and any Negative Buffer Release Amount; 
r. information on fulfilment of the Credit Enhancement Increase Condition; 
s. Residual Values; 
t. amounts of interest paid or unpaid on the Notes and the Subordinated Loan; 
u. development of the Notes and of the Subordinated Loan; 
v. General Cash Collateral Amount; 
w. Order of Priority; and 
x. Risk Retention.

--- Page 204 ---
- 204 - 
 
 
 
 
 
REGISTERED ADDRESS OF 
THE ISSUER 
VCL Master Residual Value S.A., acting with respect to its Compartment 2 
22-24 boulevard Royal 
L-2449 Luxembourg 
THE EXPECTANCY RIGHTS TRUSTEE 
Intertrust Trustees Limited 
1 Bartholomew Lane 
London EC2N 2AX 
United Kingdom 
 
ACCOUNT BANK 
The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch 
MesseTurm 
Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 49 
60327 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London, EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
 
THE REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
as to German law 
Hogan Lovells International LLP 
Große Gallusstraße 13 
60312 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 205 ---
- 205 - 
 
 
 
 
 
as to Luxembourg law 
Hogan Lovells (Luxembourg) LLP 
52, Boulevard Marcel Cahen 
L-1311 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
as to English law 
Hogan Lovells International LLP 
Atlantic House 
Holborn Viaduct 
London EC1A 2FG  
United Kingdom 
 
AUDITORS 
to the Issuer 
 
Ernst & Young Luxembourg S.A. 
35E, Avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
#4140-6889-6839