--- Page 1 ---
This document constitutes a base prospectus in respect of non-equity securities within the meaning of Article 
8 (1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Base Prospectus").   
BASE PROSPECTUS  
VCL MASTER NETHERLANDS B.V. 
(a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) 
incorporated under the laws of The Netherlands with its statutory seat in Amsterdam) 
as Issuer  
EUR 1,500,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of Notes 
(the "Programme") 
Under this Programme, VCL Master Netherlands B.V. (the "Issuer") may from time to time issue asset backed 
floating rate Class A Notes and asset backed floating rate Class B Notes (together the "Notes") denominated 
in Euro (subject always to compliance with all legal and/or regulatory requirements).  
The Issuer will issue the Notes in series with different issue dates, interest rates and scheduled repayment 
dates (but having the same interest payment dates) (each a "Series"). For each Series, the Issuer will deliver 
a global registered note to a Common Safekeeper for Clearstream Banking société anonyme, Luxembourg 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear"). 
For each issue of Notes, final terms to this Base Prospectus (each such final terms referred to as "Final 
Terms") will be provided as a separate document. The Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus. 
The proceeds of any Notes will be used to finance the purchase by the Issuer of Leased Vehicles and the 
associated Lease Receivables from Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. (the "Seller") pursuant to the 
Master Hire Purchase Agreement. 
Each Note entitles the holder to demand the payment of a particular amount of interest and/or principal only, 
if and to the extent such amounts have been received by the Issuer from the Lease Collections, from the 
Cash Collateral Account, from the enforcement of the Security with respect to the Lease Receivables and 
from the Swap Agreements. The sum of the Nominal Amount of the Notes plus the overcollateralisation 
amount plus the Subordinated Loan equals the Present Value of the Purchased Vehicles and related Lease 
Receivables discounted to the Cut-Off Date or the respective Additional Cut-Off Date using the Discount Rate. 
In case of payment in full by the respective Lessees in accordance with the underlying Lease Agreements 
and/or utilisation of the Cash Collateral Account to the extent any shortfall of Purchased Vehicles and the 
associated Lease Receivables is fully covered thereby, and subject to receipt in full of the amounts payable 
under the Swap Agreements each holder of a Note is entitled to payment of the principal amount plus interest 
calculated at a percentage rate per annum being the sum of one-month EURIBOR plus the applicable Margin, 
in each case with reference to the principal amount of each Note remaining outstanding immediately prior to 
the time of each payment and published pursuant to Condition 12. Payments of principal and interest on each 
series of Notes will be made monthly in arrear on the 25th day of each month in each year or, in the event 
such date is not a Business Day, on the next following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month in which case the date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF") of Luxembourg in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and the 
Luxembourg law dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 - 
prospectus pour valeurs mobilières) (the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"). Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are subject to this Base Prospectus or an 
endorsement of the Issuer that is subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. In the context of such approval, the CSSF neither 
assumes any responsibility nor gives any undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the 
transaction and the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus 
Law. Application will be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes to be listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated 
market upon their issuance. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for 
the purpose of Directive 2014/65/EU. This Base Prospectus constitutes, a prospectus for the purpose of 
Article 8 (1) of the Prospectus Regulation, and, will be published in electronic form on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). The validity of this Base Prospectus will expire on 19 
November 2025. After such date there is no obligation of the Issuer to issue supplements to this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies. This Base 
Prospectus 
is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://cm.intertrustgroup.com/en/default/offering_circulars/results#Volkswagen). 
Any websites referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF, except for any website referred to in the section of this Base 
Prospectus headed "DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE". 
Each of the Notes in the denomination of EUR 100,000 will be governed by the laws of Germany and will be 
represented by a global registered note (each a "Global Note"), without coupons. Each Global Note shall be 
deposited with a Common Safekeeper for Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear to be held under the new 
safekeeping structure ("NSS") and which will be registered in the name of a nominee of the Common 
Safekeeper. The Notes represented by the Global Notes will not be exchangeable for definitive Notes. The 
Notes are intended to be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility. See "OVERVIEW OF THE 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES – Global Notes". 
Ratings will be assigned to the Class A Notes by DBRS Ratings GmbH ("Morningstar DBRS") and Moody’s 
Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's"). The Class B Notes are not rated. In general, European regulated investors 
are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union "EU" and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament, as amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 and by Regulation (EU) No 462/2013 ("CRA3"). 
Each of Morningstar DBRS and Moody's has been registered in accordance with CRA3 and is established in 
the European Union. Reference is made to the list of registered or certified credit rating agencies published 
by 
ESMA, 
as 
last 
updated 
on 
19 
June 
2024, 
which 
can 
be 
found 
on 
the 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. The Issuer considered the appointment 
of a credit rating agency with no more than 10 per cent. of the total market share when appointing the rating 
agencies in connection with this Programme along with Moody's and Morningstar DBRS. The assignment of 
ratings to the Class A Notes or an outlook on these ratings is not a recommendation to invest in the Class A 
Notes and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn at any time. 
In accordance with CRA3 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA and 
as amended by the Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment, etc) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"), the credit ratings assigned to the Notes by Morningstar DBRS and Moody's will be endorsed 
by DBRS Ratings Limited and Moody’s Investors Service Ltd., as applicable, being rating agencies which are 
registered with the Financial Conduct Authority. 
UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued 
or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation.  
Amounts payable under the Notes are calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
("EURIBOR"), which is provided by European Money Markets Institute, with its office in Brussels, Belgium 
(the "Administrator"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Administrator does appear on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the 
"Benchmarks Regulation").

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 - 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Base Prospectus to 
reflect any change in the registration status of the Administrator. 
Securitisation Regulation
The Seller, in its capacity as originator, will whilst any of the Notes remain outstanding retain for the life of the 
Programme a material net economic interest of not less than 5 per cent. with respect to the Programme in 
accordance with Article 6(3)(c) of Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 (the "Securitisation Regulation") and 
undertakes that it will not reduce, hedge or otherwise mitigate its credit exposure to the material net economic 
interest for the purposes of Article 6(1) of the Securitisation Regulation and Article 6 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2023/2175 of 7 July 2023 on supplementing the Securitisation Regulation with regard to 
regulatory technical standards specifying in greater detail the risk retention requirements for originators, 
sponsors, original lenders and services, provided that the level of retention may reduce over time in 
compliance with Article 10 (2) of the of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2175 of 7 July 2023. 
As at the Closing Date, such interest will, in accordance with Article 6(3)(c) of the Securitisation Regulation, 
and Article 6 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2175 of 7 July 2023, be comprised of an interest 
in randomly selected exposures equivalent to no less than 5 per cent. of the nominal value of the securitised 
exposures, where such non-securitised exposures would otherwise have been securitised in the Programme. 
The Seller in its capacity as servicer will service all of the retained exposures, the securitised exposures and 
comparable exposures held on its balance sheet in accordance with its customary practices in effect from 
time to time. 
The Servicer will prepare Monthly Investor Reports wherein relevant information with regard to the Purchased 
Receivables will be disclosed publicly together with an overview of the retention of the material net economic 
interest by the Seller with a view to complying with Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation. 
Each prospective investor is required to independently assess and determine the sufficiency of the information 
described in the preceding paragraphs of this section and in this Base Prospectus generally for the purposes 
of complying with Article 5 of the Securitisation Regulation and any corresponding national measures which 
may be relevant and none of the Issuer, the Seller (in its capacity as the Seller and the Servicer), the Arranger, 
the Swap Counterparties, the Lead Manager, nor the Programme Parties makes any representation that the 
information described above or in this Base Prospectus generally is sufficient in all circumstances for such 
purposes. In addition, each prospective investor should ensure that it complies with the implementing 
provisions in respect of the Securitisation Regulation as applicable in its relevant jurisdiction. Prospective 
investors who are uncertain as to the requirements which apply to them in respect of their relevant jurisdiction 
should seek guidance from their regulator and/or independent legal advice on the issue.  
Pursuant to Article 27(1) of the Securitisation Regulation, the Seller notified the European Securities Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") that the Programme meets the requirements of Articles 19 to 22 of the Securitisation 
Regulation (the "STS Notification"). The purpose of the STS Notification is to set out how in the opinion of 
the Seller each requirement of Articles 19 to 22 of the Securitisation Regulation has been complied with. As 
the Programme is classified as STS, the most recent STS Notification is available for download on the website 
of ESMA. The STS Notification has been made in accordance with the requirements of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1226. ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website a list of all securitisations 
which the originators and sponsors have notified as meeting the STS Requirements in accordance with Article 
27(5) of the Securitisation Regulation. For this purpose, ESMA has set up a register under 
https://registers.esma.europa.eu/publication/searchRegister?core=esma_registers_stsre.  
The Seller accepts responsibility for the information set out in this section "Securitisation Regulation". 
Unless stated otherwise, the content of any websites referenced in this Base Prospectus does not form part 
of this Base Prospectus. For the avoidance of doubt, documents incorporated by reference, however, form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Seller has internal policies and procedures in relation to the granting of credit, administration of credit-
risk bearing portfolios and risk mitigation. The policies and procedures of the Seller in this regard broadly 
include the following:

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 - 
(a) criteria for the granting of credit and the process for approving, amending, renewing and re-financing 
credits, as to which please see further the section of this Base Prospectus headed "BUSINESS 
PROCEDURES OF VOLKSWAGEN PON FINANCIAL SERVICES B.V." and "SERVICER, MAINTENANCE 
COORDINATOR AND SERVICING AGREEMENT"; 
(b) systems in place to administer and monitor the various credit-risk bearing portfolios and exposures, as to 
which we note that the Portfolio will be serviced in line with the usual servicing procedures of the Seller – 
please see further the section of this Base Prospectus headed "SERVICER, MAINTENANCE 
COORDINATOR AND SERVICING AGREEMENT"; 
(c) diversification of credit portfolios given the Seller's target market and overall credit strategy, as to which, 
in relation to the Portfolio, please see the section of this Base Prospectus headed "THE PORTFOLIO"; 
(d) policies and procedures in relation to risk mitigation techniques, as to which please see further the sections 
of this Base Prospectus headed "BUSINESS PROCEDURES OF VOLKSWAGEN PON FINANCIAL 
SERVICES B.V." and "SERVICER, MAINTENANCE COORDINATOR AND SERVICING AGREEMENT".  
For a discussion of significant factors affecting investments in the Notes, see "RISK FACTORS". 
For reference to the definitions of capitalised terms appearing in this Base Prospectus and certain 
interpretation rules, see "THE MASTER DEFINITIONS SCHEDULE". 
ARRANGER 
ING Bank N.V. 
LEAD MANAGER 
ING Bank N.V. 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 19 November 2024.

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge and belief of the Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything 
which is likely to affect the import of such information or which would make misleading any statement (whether 
it is a statement of fact or of opinion) in this Base Prospectus. The delivery of this Base Prospectus at any 
time does not imply that the information herein is correct at any time subsequent to the date of this Base 
Prospectus. The Lead Manager accepts responsibility for the information contained in "WEIGHTED 
AVERAGE LIFE OF THE NOTES", except that to the extent there is any inaccuracy resulting from information 
provided by the Seller to the Lead Manager, in which case the Seller is solely responsible for such information. 
Stichting Security Trustee VCL Master Netherlands accepts responsibility for the information contained in the 
section entitled "Security Trustee". To the best of the Security Trustee's knowledge and belief (having taken 
all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information contained therein is in accordance with 
the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. No representation, warranty 
or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Security Trustee 
as to the accuracy or completeness of any other information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Notes or their distribution.  
Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. accepts responsibility, as applicable, for the information contained 
in the sections entitled "The Portfolio", "Business and Organisation of Volkswagen Pon Financial 
Services B.V.", "Securitisation Regulation" and "Business Procedures of Volkswagen Pon Financial 
Services B.V.". To the best of Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V.'s knowledge and belief (having taken 
all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the respective information contained therein is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. No 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Seller as to the accuracy or completeness of any other information contained in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Notes or their distribution.  
U.S. Bank Europe DAC, formerly known as Elavon Financial Services DAC, accepts responsibility for the 
information contained in the section entitled "Account Bank, Principal Paying Agent, Interest 
Determination Agent, Calculation Agent and Registrar". To the best knowledge and belief of U.S. Bank 
Europe DAC (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information contained 
therein is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by U.S. Bank Europe DAC as to the accuracy or completeness of any other information contained 
in this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Notes or their distribution. 
DZ Bank AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main accepts responsibility for the 
information contained in the section entitled in the first part of "Swap Agreements and Swap 
Counterparties", in accordance with the terms of such section. To the best of the Swap Counterparty's 
knowledge and belief (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information 
contained therein is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or 
liability is accepted by the Swap Counterparty as to the accuracy or completeness of any other information 
contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Notes or their 
distribution. 
US Bank Global Corporate Trust Limited accepts responsibility for the information contained in the section 
entitled "Cash Administrator". To the best knowledge and belief of US Bank Global Corporate Trust Limited 
(having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information contained therein is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. No 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by US Bank Global Corporate Trust Limited as to the accuracy or completeness of any other 
information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Notes 
or their distribution. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representations, other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus, in connection with the issue and sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representations must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the 
Seller, the Servicer, the Security Trustee, the Lead Manager or by the Arranger shown on the cover page or

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
any other parties described in this Base Prospectus. The Arranger and the Lead Manager do not constitute 
an underwriting syndicate or otherwise take responsibility for the subscription, sale or other matters in 
connection with the issue of any Notes under this Base Prospectus except to the extent that any of the 
Arranger or the Lead Manager takes part in such issue as manager, underwriter, selling agent or in similar 
capacity. The delivery of this Base Prospectus does not imply any assurance by the Issuer, the Seller, the 
Servicer, the Security Trustee, the Lead Manager or by the Arranger shown on the cover page or any other 
parties described in this Base Prospectus that this Base Prospectus will continue to be correct at all times 
during the one-year period of validity except that the Issuer will publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
if and when required pursuant to the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. Any such supplement will be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the website of the Issuer 
(https://cm.intertrustgroup.com/en/default/offering_circulars/results#Volkswagen). 
The Notes are not intended, to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPS Regulation. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. 
MIFID II product governance / target market -The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend 
entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Noteholder subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Noteholders nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
The Notes at all times may not be purchased, without the prior consent of the Seller, by any person except 
for persons that are not "U.S. persons" as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules ("Risk Retention U.S. 
Persons"). "U.S. Risk Retention Rules" means Regulation RR (17 C.F.R Part 246) implementing the risk 
retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  Prospective 
investors should note that the definition of "U.S. person" in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules is substantially

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
similar to, but not identical to, the definition of "U.S. person" in Regulation S. Each purchaser of Notes, 
including beneficial interests therein, will be deemed to, and in certain circumstances will be required to, 
represent and agree that (1) it is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person (2) it is acquiring such Note or a beneficial 
interest therein for its own account and not with a view to distribute such Note to a U.S. person; and (3) it is 
not acquiring such Note or a beneficial interest therein as part of a scheme to evade the requirements of the 
U.S. Risk Retention Rules. 
The Notes may not be offered, or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
Persons except (i) pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to the registration 
requirements of, the Securities Act and (ii) in accordance with an exemption from the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules. 
The issuance of the Notes was not designed to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules other than the 
exemption under Section _.20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules and no other steps have been taken by the 
Issuer, the Seller, the Arranger, the Lead Manager or any of their affiliates or any other party to accomplish 
such compliance. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor any offering, sale or delivery of any Notes 
shall, under any circumstances, create any implication (i) that the information in this Base Prospectus is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date hereof, or (ii) that there has been no adverse change in the 
financial situation of the Issuer or with respect to the Seller since the date of this Base Prospectus or the 
balance sheet date of the most recent relevant financial statements or (iii) that any other information supplied 
in connection with the issue of the Notes is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.  
No action has been taken by the Issuer, the Lead Manager and the Arranger other than as set out in this 
Base Prospectus that would permit a public offering of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other offering material in any country or jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus (or any part hereof) or any Final Terms, nor any advertisement or other offering materials may be 
issued, distributed or published in any country or jurisdiction except in compliance with applicable laws, 
orders, rules and regulations, and the Issuer, the Lead Manager and the Arranger have represented that all 
offers and sales by them have been made on such terms. This does not affect the obligation of the Issuer to 
file a supplement in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Any such supplement will be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the website of the 
Issuer (https://cm.intertrustgroup.com/en/default/offering_circulars/results#Volkswagen). 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to 
buy any securities. The distribution of this Base Prospectus (or of any part thereof) or any Final Terms and 
the offering and sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus (or any part thereof) comes are required by the Issuer, the Lead Manager 
and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitute, or may be used for, or in connection with, an offer or solicitation 
by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it 
is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. For a further description of certain restrictions on offerings and 
sales of the Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus (or of any part thereof) or any Final Terms see 
"SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE". 
If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document you should consult your stockbroker, 
bank manager, solicitor, accountant or other financial adviser. 
An investment in the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus is only suitable for investors 
(i) that possess adequate knowledge and experience in structured finance investments and have the 
necessary background and resources to evaluate all relevant risks related with such investments; (ii) 
that are able to bear the risk of loss of their investment (up to a total loss of the investment) without 
having to prematurely liquidate the investment; and (iii) that are able to assess the tax aspects and 
implications of such investment independently. 
Furthermore, each potential investor should base its investment decision on its own and independent 
investigation and on the advice of its professional advisors (with whom the investor may deem it

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
necessary to consult), be able to assess if an investment in the Notes (i) is in compliance with its 
financial requirements, its targets and situation (or if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, 
those of the beneficiary); (ii) is in compliance with its principles for investments, guidelines for or 
restrictions on investments (regardless of whether it acquires the Notes for itself or as a trustee); and 
(iii) is an appropriate investment for itself (or for any beneficiary if acting as a trustee), 
notwithstanding the risks of such investment. 
It should be remembered that the price of securities and the expected income from them may 
decrease.
THE NOTES OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE 
SECURITIES LAWS, NOR HAS THE ISSUER BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940 (THE "INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT"). THE ISSUER WILL BE 
RELYING ON AN EXCLUSION OR EXEMPTION FROM THE DEFINITION OF "INVESTMENT COMPANY" 
UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT CONTAINED IN SECTION 3(C)(1) OF THE INVESTMENT 
COMPANY ACT, ALTHOUGH THERE MAY BE ADDITIONAL STATUTORY OR REGULATORY 
EXCLUSIONS OR EXEMPTIONS AVAILABLE TO THE ISSUER. THE ISSUER IS BEING STRUCTURED 
SO AS NOT TO CONSTITUTE A "COVERED FUND" FOR PURPOSES OF REGULATIONS ADOPTED 
UNDER SECTION 13 OF THE BANK HOLDING COMPANY ACT OF 1956, AS AMENDED, COMMONLY 
KNOWN AS THE "VOLCKER RULE". 
Neither the Arranger nor the Lead Manager has verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by any of the Arranger or the Lead Manager as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms, except for such information for which a responsibility 
of the Arranger or the Lead Manager is explicitly provided for. In making an investment decision, investors 
must rely on their own examination of the terms of this offering, including the merits and risks involved.

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Clause 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
13
RISK FACTORS 
26
I. RISK FACTORS WHICH ARE SPECIFIC AND MATERIAL TO THE ISSUER
26
II. RISKS RELATED TO THE NATURE OF THE NOTES
26
Liability and Limited Recourse under the Notes 
26
Credit Risk of the Parties 
27
Change of law 
27
No gross up of payments 
28
Modification of Conditions 
28
Ratings of the Class A Notes 
28
Interest Rate Risk / Risk of Swap Counterparty Insolvency 
28
Market and Liquidity Risk for the Notes 
29
Termination for Good Cause (Kündigung aus wichtigem Grund) 
29
Eurosystem Eligibility 
30
III. RISKS RELATED TO THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES AND PURCHASED VEHICLES
30
Hire Purchase of the Leased Vehicles – Risk that hire purchase of Leased Vehicles is not 
perfected 
30
Adverse rights of third parties in relation to the Purchased Vehicles 
31
BOVAG possessory liens and third party encumbrances of third parties 
31
Transfer of the Leased Vehicles and associated Lease Agreements – Risk that Lessees 
may not accept the Issuer's (conditional) assumptions of obligations under the Leases 33
Location of the Vehicles – Risk that Purchased Vehicles are not validly transferred to the 
Issuer 
34
Limited description of the Purchased Vehicles; no independent investigation 
35
Residual value risks 
35
Adverse macroeconomic and geopolitical developments may have a material negative 
impact on the performance of the Issuer under the Notes 
36
Risk of early repayment and early repayment fees 
36
Risk of late payment of monthly Instalments 
36
Risk of late payment by Servicer 
36
Performance of realisation services by the Servicer 
36
Commingling risk 
37
Risk of change of Servicer 
37
Credit and Collection Procedures 
37
Reliance on realisation; sale in the open market 
38
Termination of Lease Agreements – Risk of early termination upon insolvency 
39
Risk that Lessees may be entitled to set-off Lease Receivables against their claims vis-à-
vis the Lessor 
40
Risk that employees of Seller claim that their employment terms have been transferred to 
the Issuer by operation of law 
41
Risk that security rights granted by Issuer in favour of Security Trustee may not always 
be effective or enforceable 
42
Remaining lease rights and obligations 
44
Insurance 
44
Conflicts of Interest 
45

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
No active and liquid secondary market for Leased Vehicles and associated Lease 
Receivables 
45
Changing characteristics of the Portfolio during the Revolving Period 
46
Risks Resulting from Data Protection Rules 
46
Industry concentration of Lessees 
47
Potential adverse changes to the value and/or composition of the Portfolio 
47
IV. RISKS RELATED TO REGULATORY CHANGES
47
Risk retention and due diligence requirements 
47
Securitisation Regulation and simple, transparent and standardised securitisation 
48
Investor compliance with due diligence requirements under the UK Securitisation 
Regulation 
49
U.S. Risk Retention 
50
Reform of EURIBOR Determinations 
51
Basel Capital Accord and regulatory capital requirements 
51
V. RISKS RELATED TO TAXATION
52
The Common Reporting Standard 
52
Conditional withholding tax on interest in The Netherlands 
53
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
53
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
54
OVERVIEW 
55
LEGAL STRUCTURE OF THE PROGRAMME 
57
USE OF PROCEEDS 
58
OVERVIEW OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
59
General Conditions of the Notes 
59
Denomination 
59
Registered Global Notes 
59
Payments of Principal and Interest 
59
Amortisation Amounts 
61
Order of Priority 
61
Cash Collateral Account 
64
Duties of the Issuer 
65
Duties of the Seller 
65
Clean-Up Call 
66
Principal Paying Agent 
66
Security, Security Trustee and Enforcement 
66
Trust Agreement 
66
Dutch law security 
67
German law security 
69
English law security 
69
Replacement of Issuer 
69
Notices 
69
Amendments to the Programme Documents 
69
Applicable Law, Place of Performance and Place of Jurisdiction 
70
SERVICER, MAINTENANCE COORDINATOR AND SERVICING AGREEMENT 
71
RESERVE FUNDING AGREEMENT 
79
SWAP AGREEMENTS AND SWAP COUNTERPARTIES 
80
TAXATION 
83
VERIFICATION BY SVI 
84

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
HIRE PURCHASE OF LEASED VEHICLES 
85
ISSUER FACILITY AGREEMENT 
96
THE PORTFOLIO 
98
Portfolio Losses (Lease Receivables) 
105
Weighted Average Lives of the Notes / Assumed Amortisation of the Purchased Receivables 
and Notes 
115
Weighted Average Lives of the Notes 
115
Purchased Vehicles and Associated Lease Receivables 
116
Run Out Schedule 
117
Amortisation Profile of the Lease Receivables 
119
Assumed Amortisation of the Notes 
120
BUSINESS AND ORGANISATION OF VOLKSWAGEN PON FINANCIAL SERVICES B.V. 
122
Auto Lease Business in The Netherlands 
122
Incorporation, Registered Office and Purpose 
124
BUSINESS PROCEDURES OF VOLKSWAGEN PON FINANCIAL SERVICES B.V. 
126
Underwriting 
126
General 
126
Non risk relevant credit applications 
126
RATINGS 
132
THE ISSUER 
133
CASH MANAGEMENT, ADMINISTRATION AND ACCOUNTS 
137
Account Agreement 
137
Distribution Account 
137
Cash Collateral Account, Buffer Release Reserve Ledger and Maintenance Reserve 
Ledger 
138
Accumulation Account 
139
Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account 
139
ACCOUNT BANK, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, INTEREST DETERMINATION AGENT,
CALCULATION AGENT AND REGISTRAR 
141
CASH ADMINISTRATOR 
142
SECURITY TRUSTEE 
143
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CLASS A NOTES 
144
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CLASS B NOTES 
154
ANNEX A TRUST AGREEMENT 
164
ANNEX B MASTER DEFINITIONS SCHEDULE 
185
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
225
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
228
Subscription and Sale 
228
Selling Restrictions 
228
General 
228
United States of America and its Territories 
228
United Kingdom 
229
Republic of France 
229
Germany 
229
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
229
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
230
GENERAL INFORMATION 
231
Authorisation of Note Issuance 
231

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
Governmental, Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
231
Material Adverse Change 
231
Payment Information and Post-Issuance Transaction Information 
231
Listing and Admission to Trading 
231
ICSDs 
231
Clearing Codes of Notes 
232
Inspection of Documents 
232
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
234

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME  
This following "GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME" must be read in conjunction with, and is 
qualified in its entirety by reference to, the more detailed information appearing elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and in the relevant Final Terms and constitutes a general description of the Programme for the 
purpose of Article 25 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. Any decision to invest in any 
Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole. Capitalised terms not 
specifically defined in this "GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME OVERVIEW" shall have the 
respective meanings set out in the "MASTER DEFINITIONS SCHEDULE". 
The Programme is a EUR 1,500,000,000 Programme for the issuance of the Notes under which the Issuer 
may from time to time issue asset backed floating rate notes denominated in Euro (subject always to 
compliance with all legal and/or regulatory requirements during the Revolving Period). The applicable terms 
of any Notes will be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant purchaser prior to the issue of the Notes and 
will be set out in the Conditions of the Notes attached to, or incorporated by reference into, the relevant Global 
Note representing such Notes, as completed by the applicable Final Terms attached to, or incorporated by 
reference into, such Global Note (see "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES – 1. Form and Nominal 
Amount of the Notes" below for further detail).
THE PARTIES 
Issuer / Purchaser / Call Option 
Provider 
VCL Master Netherlands B.V., a private company with limited 
liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) 
incorporated under the laws of The Netherlands, having its official 
seat (statutaire zetel) in Amsterdam, The Netherlands, and its 
registered office at Basisweg 10, 1043 AP Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands, registered  in the Trade Register under number 
65490916. The Issuer has been incorporated on 3 March 2016.  
The 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
(LEI) 
of 
the 
Issuer 
is: 
529900HPHD9YZZ504R69. 
Foundation 
Stichting VCL Master Netherlands, a foundation (stichting) 
established under the laws of The Netherlands, having its official 
seat (statutaire zetel) in Amsterdam, The Netherlands, and its 
registered office at Basisweg 10, 1043 AP Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands, registered with the Trade Register under number 
65487982. The Foundation is the sole shareholder of the Issuer. 
Seller / Servicer / Maintenance 
Coordinator/ Call Option Buyer/ 
Issuer Facility Borrower/ Reserve 
Funding Provider 
Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. ("VWPFS"), a private 
company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte 
aansprakelijkheid) 
incorporated 
under 
the 
laws 
of 
The 
Netherlands, having its official seat (statutaire zetel) in Amersfoort, 
The Netherlands, and its registered office at Saturnus 1, 3824 ME 
Amersfoort, The Netherlands, registered in the Trade Register 
under number 20073305.  
Arranger  
ING Bank N.V., Bijlmerdreef 106, 1102 CT Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands.  
Lead Manager 
ING Bank N.V., Bijlmerdreef 106, 1102 CT Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands. 
Swap Counterparty 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt 
am Main, a public company incorporated with limited liability 
(Aktiengesellschaft) under the laws of the Federal Republic of 
Germany, registered in the commercial register of the local court 
(Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am Main under registration number HRB

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
45651 and having its registered office at Platz der Republik, 60265 
Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 
Subordinated Lender 
Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. ("VWPFS"), a private 
company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte 
aansprakelijkheid) 
incorporated 
under 
the 
laws 
of 
The 
Netherlands, having its official seat (statutaire zetel) in Amersfoort, 
The Netherlands, and its registered office at Saturnus 1, 3824 ME 
Amersfoort, The Netherlands, registered in the Trade Register 
under number 20073305. 
Account Bank / Registrar / Principal 
Paying Agent / Interest 
Determination Agent / Calculation 
Agent 
U.S. Bank Europe DAC, formerly known as Elavon Financial 
Services DAC, a designated activity company registered in Ireland 
with the Companies Registration Office, registered number 
418442, with its registered office at Block F1, Cherrywood 
Business Park, Cherrywood, Dublin 18, Ireland D18 W2X7. 
Security Trustee 
Stichting Security Trustee VCL Master Netherlands, a foundation 
(stichting) established under the laws of The Netherlands, having 
its official seat (statutaire zetel) in Amsterdam, The Netherlands 
and registered in the Trade Register under number 66086302. 
Cash Administrator 
US Bank Global Corporate Trust Limited, a limited company 
registered in England and Wales having the registration number 
05521133 and a registered address of 125 Old Broad Street, Fifth 
Floor, London, EC2N 1AR. 
Issuer Director / Foundation Director 
Intertrust Management B.V., a private company with limited liability 
(besloten 
vennootschap 
met 
beperkte 
aansprakelijkheid) 
incorporated under the laws of The Netherlands, having its official 
seat (statutaire zetel) in Amsterdam, The Netherlands, and its 
registered office at Basisweg 10, 1043 AP Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands, registered in the Trade Register under number 
33226415. 
Trustee Director / Data Protection 
Trustee 
Amsterdamsch Trustee's Kantoor B.V., a private company with 
limited 
liability 
(besloten 
vennootschap 
met 
beperkte 
aansprakelijkheid) 
incorporated 
under 
the 
laws 
of 
The 
Netherlands, having its official seat (statutaire zetel) in Amsterdam, 
The Netherlands, and its registered office at Basisweg 10, 1043 AP 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands, registered in the Trade Register 
under number 33001955. 
Rating Agencies  
DBRS Ratings GmbH , Neue Mainzer Straße 75, 60311 Frankfurt 
am Main, Germany; and 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH, An der Welle 5, 60322 Frankfurt am 
Main, Germany. 
English Process Agent 
Intertrust (UK), with its offices at 35 Great St Helens, London EC3A 
6AP, United Kingdom. 
German Process Agent 
Rechtsanwalt Bernhard Faber, with its offices at Thomasiusstraße 
11, 10557 Berlin, Germany. 
Clearing Systems 
Clearstream Banking société anonyme, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-
1885 Luxembourg and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi 
Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium.

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
The Programme 
The Programme is a EUR 1,500,000,000 Programme for the 
issuance of the Notes under which the Issuer may from time to time 
issue asset backed floating rate notes denominated in Euro 
(subject always to compliance with all legal and/or regulatory 
requirements) during the Revolving Period. The applicable terms 
to any Notes will be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
purchaser prior to the issue of the Notes and will be set out in the 
Conditions of the Notes attached to, or incorporated by reference 
into, the relevant Global Note representing such Notes, as 
completed by the applicable Final Terms attached to, or 
incorporated by reference into, such Global Note (see "TERMS 
AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES – 1. Form and Nominal 
Amount of the Notes" below for further detail). 
THE NOTES 
Notes  
Prior to the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, the Class A 
Notes will (i) with respect to payments of interest, rank senior to the 
Class B Notes and the Subordinated Loan, and (ii) with respect to 
payments of principal, will rank senior to the Class B Notes and the 
Subordinated Loan, but payments of interest under the Class B 
Notes will rank senior to payments of principal under the Class A 
Notes. After the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, the Class A 
Notes will rank senior to the Class B Notes and the Subordinated 
Loan with respect to payments of interest and principal.  
With respect of interest and principal, each of the Class A Notes 
and Class B Notes rank pari passu amongst themselves, prior and 
after the occurrence of an Enforcement Event. 
The foregoing is in each case subject to the Order of Priority. 
Issue Dates 
A Series of Class A Notes or Class B Notes may be issued on any 
Payment Date falling (i) in the case of Further Notes of an existing 
Series of Class A Notes or an existing Series of Class B Notes prior 
to (but excluding) the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date 
applicable to such Series, or (ii) in the case of Further Notes of a 
different Series on any Payment Date prior to the Programme 
Maturity Date (each such Payment Date a "Further Issue Date"). 
Capital structure: 
The capital structure with regards to the issuance of Further Notes 
under this Base Prospectus shall be as follows: 
Class A Notes Increase Amount: 
75.00%* 
Class B Notes Increase Amount: 
8.50%* 
Subordinated Loan increase amount: 
14.73% 
Additional 
Lease 
Receivables 
Overcollateralisation Percentage: 
1.77%* 
Total: 
100 %* 
* Percentages are in relation to the Further Discounted Receivables Balance
Furthermore, along with each issuance of Further Notes under the 
Programme the Cash Collateral Account balance shall be 
increased (i) during the Revolving Period, to an amount equal to 
1.35 per cent. of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all 
Notes after application of the applicable Order of Priority on the

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
Further Issue Date, and (ii) after the Revolving Period, to the lesser 
of (a) the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance as of 
the last Payment Date of the Revolving Period, and (b) the 
aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes as of the end 
of the Monthly Period. 
Interest and Principal 
Each Note entitles the Noteholder thereof to receive from the 
Available Distribution Amount on each Payment Date interest at 
the rate specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to a floor of 
zero, (the interest rates for all Notes collectively referred to as the 
"Notes Interest Rate") on the nominal amount of each such Note 
outstanding immediately prior to such Payment Date. 
With respect to payments of interest and principal, particular 
attention should be paid to the risk factor descriptions as set forth 
in "RISK FACTORS" and in particular the risk factor outlined under 
"RISK FACTORS - Liability and Limited Recourse under the 
Notes". 
Ratings 
The Class A Notes have been rated AAA (sf) by Morningstar DBRS 
and Aaa (sf) by Moody's, whilst the Class B Notes have not been 
rated. The ratings indicate the ultimate payment of principal and 
the timely payment of interest of the Class A Notes. The ratings 
should not be regarded as a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Seller and Servicer (if different), the Lead Manager, the Arranger, 
the Security Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Interest 
Determination Agent, the Data Protection Trustee, the Calculation 
Agent, the Swap Counterparties, the Account Bank or the Rating 
Agencies to buy, sell or hold the Class A Notes as the ratings are 
subject to revision or withdrawal at any time. 
Morningstar DBRS is established in the European Union. 
Moody's is established in the European Union. 
According to the press release from European Securities Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") dated 31 October 2011, Morningstar DBRS 
and Moody's have been registered in accordance with the CRA3. 
Reference is made to the list of registered or certified credit rating 
agencies published by ESMA which can be found on following 
website 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk.
In accordance with the UK CRA Regulation, the credit ratings 
assigned to the Notes by Morningstar DBRS and Moody's will be 
endorsed by DBRS Ratings Limited and Moody’s Investors Service 
Ltd., as applicable, being rating agencies which are registered with 
the Financial Conduct Authority. 
Discount Rate  
The Discount Rate is 4.4207 per cent. per annum. 
Discounted Receivables Balance 
Discounted Receivables Balance means as of the end of any 
Monthly Period the present value of the remaining Lease 
Receivables (excluding any Written Off Purchased Receivables), 
calculated using the Discount Rate. 
Order of Priority 
All payments of the Issuer under the Programme Documents have 
to be made subject to, and in accordance with, the Order of Priority. 
See "TRUST AGREEMENT".

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
Payment Dates 
Each 25th day of a calendar month or, in the event such day is not 
a Business Day, then the next following Business Day, unless that 
day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the date will be 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day, (each a "Payment 
Date"). 
Business Day 
Business Day means any day on which the T2 System is open for 
business, provided that this day is also a day on which banks are 
open for business in Amsterdam and London. 
Revolving Period 
The Revolving Period means the period from (and including) the 
Initial Issue Date and ending on (and including) the earlier of (i) the 
Series Revolving Period Expiration Date of the last outstanding 
Series of Notes and (ii) the occurrence of an Early Amortisation 
Event. 
Series Revolving Period 
Expiration Date  
The Series Revolving Period Expiration Date means with respect 
to each Series of Notes the expiration date of the applicable 
Revolving Period as specified for such Series in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Available Distribution Amount 
The "Available Distribution Amount" shall, on any Payment Date 
be an amount equal to the sum of the following amounts: 
(i) 
amounts received as Lease Collections under the Master 
Hire Purchase Agreement and the Servicing Agreement, 
inclusive, for avoidance of doubt, the Monthly Collateral 
(after any relevant netting); plus 
(ii) 
amounts of interest paid or principal repaid, other than by 
way of set-off, under the Issuer Facility Agreement; plus 
(iii) 
any Vehicle Realisation Proceeds; plus 
(iv) 
any Lease Incidental Shortfall payments received from the 
Seller; plus 
(v) 
any interest accrued on the Distribution Account and the 
Accumulation Account; plus 
(vi) 
payments from the Cash Collateral Account as provided 
for in clause 6 (Cash Collateral Account) of the Trust 
Agreement; plus 
(vii) 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Accumulation 
Account after the preceding Payment Date; plus 
(viii) 
any amount to be debited from the Maintenance Reserve 
Ledger on the immediately succeeding Payment Date 
subject to and in accordance with the relevant mechanics 
of the Maintenance Reserve Ledger; plus 
(ix) 
any amount to be debited from the Buffer Release 
Reserve Ledger on such Payment Date subject to and in 
accordance with the relevant mechanics of the Buffer 
Release Reserve Ledger; plus 
(x) 
Net Swap Receipts under the Swap Agreements and any 
other amounts included in the Available Distribution

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
Amount pursuant to clause 9.3 (Swap Agreement) of the 
Trust Agreement; plus 
(xi) 
any amount from the preceding Payment Date which 
remained as a surplus due to the rounding under the 
Notes in accordance with Condition 9(b); plus 
(xii) 
any Negative Buffer Release Amount, until a Reserve 
Trigger Event has occurred and the Buffer Release 
Reserve has been funded; less 
(xiii) 
any Positive Buffer Release Amount, provided that no 
Credit Enhancement Increase Condition is in effect. For 
the avoidance of doubt if a Credit Enhancement Increase 
Condition is in effect, the Positive Buffer Release Amount 
will remain forming part of the Available Distribution 
Amount as part of the Lease Collections under limb (i) of 
the definition of Available Distribution Amount. 
Distribution Account 
A Distribution Account of the Issuer is maintained with the Account 
Bank into which the Servicer remits and will remit Lease 
Collections. 
Applicable Law 
The Notes are governed by the laws of Germany.  
Tax Status of the Notes 
See "TAXATION". 
Selling Restrictions 
See "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE - Selling Restrictions". 
Clearing Codes for the Notes 
The Clearing Codes for the Notes will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application will be made for the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and to be admitted to trading at the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Assets and Collateral 
The assets and collateral backing payments under the Notes and 
the Subordinated Loan (together the "Funding") consist of the 
following: 
Purchased Vehicles and associated 
Lease Receivables 
Under the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, the Issuer agreed to 
hire purchase from the Seller the Purchased Vehicles and 
associated Lease Receivables with related security. During the 
Revolving Period the Seller has the right to sell and transfer at its 
option on each Additional Purchase Date Additional Leased 
Vehicles with any related security under the Master Hire Purchase 
Agreement (the "Master Hire Purchase Agreement"). The Lease 
Receivables will include payments by Lessees for the use of the 
vehicles under the terms of the Lease Agreements originated by, 
inter alios, the Seller and Volkswagen dealers as agents and to a 
lesser extent also by certain other third parties. Under the Lease 
Receivables, the Lessees make monthly payments to amortise, 
over the life of the Lease Agreement, the difference between the 
purchase price of the vehicle and such vehicle's predetermined 
calculation of value at the expiration of the Lease Agreement. 
Pursuant to the Master Hire Purchase Agreement the Seller 
represents and warrants to the Issuer and the Security Trustee as 
of each Purchase Date with respect to the Leased Assets sold by 
it on such Purchase Date or, as the case may be, relating to the

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
Portfolio including such Leased Assets as of such Purchase Date 
that each Leased Vehicle together with the associated Lease 
Receivables and Lease Agreements comprised in the relevant 
Portfolio satisfy certain criteria. 
Cash Collateral Account 
The outstanding balance of the Cash Collateral Account on each 
Payment Date shall be (i) during the Revolving Period, an amount 
equal to 1.35 per cent. of the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of all Notes after application of the applicable Order of 
Priority on the preceding Payment Date, and (ii) after the Revolving 
Period, the lesser of (a) the Specified General Cash Collateral 
Account Balance as of the last Payment Date of the Revolving 
Period, and (b) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the 
Notes after application of the applicable Order of Priority on the 
preceding Payment Date. 
Subordinated Loan 
The Subordinated Lender has granted the Subordinated Loan in a 
total initial nominal amount of EUR 58,846,956.82 to the Issuer on 
the Closing Date. Subject to the terms of the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, the Subordinated Lender may agree from time to time 
to grant additional advances up to a total amount of the 
Subordinated Loan of EUR 225,000,000 provided that the 
Subordinated Lender shall be required to grant additional 
advances to the extent required to increase the loan amount by the 
Subordinated Loan Increase Amount. The Subordinated Loan 
serves as credit enhancement and ranks below the Notes with 
respect to payment of interest and principal. 
Overcollateralisation 
As at the Closing Date, the Aggregate Discounted Receivables 
Balance exceeded the sum of the nominal amount of the Notes and 
the nominal amount of the Subordinated Loan to provide 
overcollateralisation to the Notes. During the Revolving Period, 
additional overcollateralisation is expected to be provided. 
Maintenance Reserve Advance 
The Maintenance Reserve Advance serves to provide credit 
enhancement to cover potential Maintenance Costs relating to any 
associated Lease Agreement. The purpose of the Maintenance 
Reserve Advance is to ensure that the Issuer will continue to be 
able to pay any amounts to be paid to third party garages and 
service providers (including any VAT thereon) for the provision of 
the Maintenance Services in relation to the Purchased Vehicles 
including any costs relating to an amendment of the vehicle 
registration (kentekenbewijzen) of the Purchased Vehicles and any 
insurance costs (collectively, "Maintenance Costs") relating to the 
Lease Agreements if and to the extent Maintenance Costs will not 
be paid by the Maintenance Coordinator.   
Maintenance Reserve Ledger 
The Reserve Funding Provider will within thirty (30) calendar days 
upon the occurrence of a Reserve Trigger Event which is 
outstanding or an Insolvency Event relating to the Maintenance 
Coordinator, advance the Maintenance Reserve Advance up to the 
Required Maintenance Reserve Amount to the Issuer pursuant to 
the terms of the Reserve Funding Agreement, following which the 
Issuer will credit such Required Maintenance Reserve Amount to 
a ledger (the "Maintenance Reserve Ledger"). 
If and to the extent the Maintenance Coordinator does not cover 
any Maintenance Costs, an amount equal to such unpaid 
Maintenance Costs, if and to the extent standing to the credit of the

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
Maintenance Reserve Ledger will form part of the Available 
Distribution Amount and will, subject to and in accordance with the 
relevant Order of Priority, be applied towards payment of such 
Maintenance Costs. If and to the extent the Maintenance Reserve 
Amount will be applied toward the payment of any Maintenance 
Costs which are not settled by the Maintenance Coordinator, a 
corresponding amount shall be debited from the Maintenance 
Reserve Ledger. 
Buffer Release Reserve  
The Buffer Release Reserve serves to provide credit enhancement 
to cover any payments to be made pursuant to items first to sixth
of the Order of Priority, as set out in clause 16.2(a) (Order of 
Priority) of the Trust Agreement. The purpose of the Buffer Release 
Reserve is to ensure that the Issuer will continue to be able to make 
any payments to be made pursuant to items first to sixth of the 
Order of Priority, as set out in clause 16.2(a) (Order of Priority) of 
the Trust Agreement, if and to the extent the Available Distribution 
Amount is not sufficient to cover any payments to be made 
pursuant to items first to sixth of the Order of Priority, as set out in 
clause 16.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement, on any 
Payment Date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Seller shall be 
obliged to pay the Negative Buffer Release Amount until the Buffer 
Release Reserve has been funded and can be applied in 
accordance with the Order of Priority, as set out in clause 16.2(a) 
(Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
Buffer Release Reserve Ledger 
The Reserve Funding Provider will within thirty (30) calendar days 
upon the occurrence of a Reserve Trigger Event which is 
outstanding, fund the Buffer Release Reserve  up to the Required 
Buffer Release Reserve Amount to the Issuer pursuant to the terms 
of the Reserve Funding Agreement, following which the Issuer will 
credit such Required Buffer Release Reserve Amount to a ledger 
(the " Buffer Release Reserve Ledger"). 
If and to the extent the Available Distribution Amount is not 
sufficient to cover any payments to be made pursuant to items first
to sixth of the Order of Priority, as set out in clause 16.2(a) (Order 
of Priority) of the Trust Agreement, an amount equal to any 
negative difference between the Available Distribution Amount and 
any payments to be made pursuant to items first to sixth of the 
Order of Priority, as set out in clause 16.2(a) (Order of Priority) of 
the Trust Agreement, if and to the extent standing to the credit of 
the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger, will form part of the Available 
Distribution Amount and will, subject to and in accordance with the 
relevant Order of Priority, be applied towards any payment to be 
made pursuant to items first to sixth of the Order of Priority, as set 
out in clause 16.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
Following the service of an Enforcement Notice, distributions will 
be made by the Security Trustee from the Available Distribution 
Amount and from any amounts standing to the credit of the Cash 
Collateral Account, and according to the Order of Priority, as set 
out in clause 16.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement.  
Positive Buffer Release Amount / 
Negative Buffer Release Amount 
To the extent the Buffer Release Rate is equal to or higher than 
zero the Positive Buffer Release Amount will be paid by the Issuer 
to the Seller by means of a deduction of such Positive Buffer 
Release Amount from the Available Distribution Amount. To the 
extent the Buffer Release Rate is lower than zero, the Seller shall 
be obliged to pay an amount equal to the Negative Buffer Release

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
Amount to the Issuer until the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger can 
be used under the Available Distribution Amount. The sole purpose 
of the Negative Buffer Release Amount on any Payment Date will 
be to pay any difference between the Available Distribution Amount 
and items first to third of the Order of Priority, as set out in clause 
16.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
IMPORTANT PROGRAMME DOCUMENTS AND PROGRAMME FEATURES  
Master Hire Purchase Agreement 
Pursuant to the provisions of the agreement for the purchase of 
Purchased Vehicles and associated Lease Receivables entered 
into by the Seller and the Issuer (the "Master Hire Purchase 
Agreement"), the Issuer has acquired from the Seller on the Initial 
Issue Date the Initial Leased Vehicles and associated Lease 
Receivables. 
During the Revolving Period, the Seller may at its discretion sell 
Additional Leased Vehicles to the Issuer on each Payment Date 
(each an "Additional Purchase Date") at the terms and conditions 
described in the Master Hire Purchase Agreement. 
The Master Hire Purchase Agreement is governed by Dutch law.

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
Early Settlement 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, 
the Issuer is, in certain circumstances, entitled to demand 
termination of the relevant Hire Purchase Contract and repayment 
of the associated Issuer Advance. These circumstances include, 
inter alia, the breach of an Asset Warranty or a Corporate 
Warranty. 
Each repayment of an Issuer Advance may lead to earlier 
payments of the Notes than would be the case in the event of 
Collections of the Purchased Vehicles and Realisation Proceeds in 
accordance with the relevant Master Hire Purchase Agreement as 
set forth in more detail in "RISK FACTORS - Risk of Early 
Repayment". 
The Issuer is entitled to sell and transfer to a securitisation vehicle 
nominated by the Seller any or all Purchased Vehicles and, where 
applicable, transfer the related Hire Purchase Contracts by means 
of transfer of contract (contractsoverneming), provided a 
confirmation by the Rating Agencies that the sale will not in and of 
itself result in a downgrade, withdrawal or qualification of the rating 
assigned to Class A Notes after the Term Takeout. There are 
several requirements for the purchase price to be paid by the 
purchaser set out in the Master Hire Purchase Agreement. The 
selection of Term Takeout Vehicles will be made on a random 
basis and the proceeds from any Term Takeout will be paid into 
the Distribution Account but will not be applied according to the 
Order of Priority but instead be distributed as separately provided 
in clause 16.2(b) of the Trust Agreement. The selection of Term 
Takeout vehicles will be made on a random basis (taking into 
account, however, the representations and warranties of the Seller 
as set out in clause 10.1 (Representations and Warranties relating 
to the Leased Assets) of the Master Hire Purchase Agreement). 
For the avoidance of doubt, in case of Non-Amortising Series of 
Notes any redemption payments will be made in a way to redeem 
a certain number of Notes in their principal amount of EUR 
100,000. 
Clean-Up Call Option 
Under the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, after expiration of the 
Revolving Period, the Seller may at its option, exercise a Clean-Up 
Call Option and terminate all (but not only part of the) Hire 
Purchase Contracts and repay all Issuer Advances on any 
Payment Date on which the Aggregate Discounted Receivables 
Balance is less than 10 per cent. of the Maximum Aggregate 
Discounted Receivables Balance, provided that all payment 
obligations under the Notes will be thereby fulfilled. 
Servicing Agreement 
The Seller will be appointed as servicer with respect to the relevant 
Leased Vehicles sold or to be sold by it to the Issuer. Pursuant to 
the terms of the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer will act as 
servicing agent for the Issuer and provide Lease Services and 
Realisation Services to the Issuer in relation to the Initial Portfolio 
and any Additional Portfolio, including the collection of payments 
under the associated Lease Agreements and certain other 
administration services (including, but not limited to, the provision 
of certain cash administration, recovery and repossession 
services).

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
Pursuant 
to 
the 
Servicing 
Agreement, 
the 
Maintenance 
Coordinator will agree in favour of the Issuer to perform or procure 
the performance of the Maintenance Services owed by the Seller 
to the Lessees under the Lease Agreements in the Portfolio that 
stipulate that maintenance and certain other services will be 
provided to the relevant Lessees under and in accordance with the 
terms of such Lease Agreements. 
In consideration of the performance of the Maintenance Services, 
the Maintenance Coordinator will receive a fee (the "Senior 
Maintenance Coordinator Fee") to be paid by the Issuer to the 
Maintenance Coordinator in accordance with the Order of Priority. 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default with respect to the 
Maintenance 
Coordinator 
or 
a 
Maintenance 
Coordinator 
Replacement Event, the replacement Maintenance Coordinator 
will receive the Replacement Maintenance Coordinator Fee. Both 
the Senior Maintenance Coordinator Fee and the Replacement 
Maintenance Coordinator Fee will be payable by the Issuer subject 
to and in accordance with the applicable Order of Priority. 
The Servicing Agreement is governed by Dutch law. 
Reserve Funding Agreement 
The Issuer, the Reserve Funding Provider and the Security Trustee 
have entered into a Reserve Funding Agreement pursuant to which 
the Reserve Funding Provider agrees to make available to the 
Issuer the Maintenance Reserve Advance and the Buffer Release 
Reserve Advance in accordance with the terms of the Reserve 
Funding Agreement. 
Pursuant to the Reserve Funding Agreement, the Reserve Funding 
Provider agrees to (i) make available to the Issuer at all times within 
thirty (30) calendar days following the occurrence of a Reserve 
Trigger Event which is continuing or an Insolvency Event in relation 
to the Maintenance Coordinator, the Maintenance Reserve 
Advance in an amount such that the balance on the Maintenance 
Reserve Ledger is equal to the Required Maintenance Reserve 
Amount, which amount will be paid by the Reserve Funding 
Provider to the Cash Collateral Account and on the same day be 
credited by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Maintenance Reserve 
Ledger, and (ii)  at all times within thirty (30) calendar days 
following the occurrence of a Reserve Trigger Event which is 
continuing, fund the Buffer Release Reserve in an amount such 
that the balance on the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger is equal to 
the Required Buffer Release Reserve Amount, which amount will 
be paid by the Reserve Funding Provider to the Cash Collateral 
Account and on the same day be credited by or on behalf of the 
Issuer to the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger. 
If on any Calculation Date, the amount standing to the credit of the 
Maintenance Reserve Ledger falls short of the Required 
Maintenance Reserve Amount for the immediately succeeding 
Payment Date, the Reserve Funding Provider will advance to the 
Issuer an amount (if such amount is greater than zero) equal to 
such shortfall on such Payment Date. 
The Reserve Funding Agreement is governed by Dutch law. 
Trust Agreement 
The Issuer has entered into the Trust Agreement with, inter alios, 
the Security Trustee, the Foundation, the Seller, the Servicer, the 
Maintenance Coordinator and the Note Purchasers, under which

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
the Issuer has instructed the Security Trustee to act as trustee for 
the Noteholders and the other Programme Creditors, in 
accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of the 
Trust Agreement and has entitled the Security Trustee to demand 
from the Issuer: 
–
that the Issuer shall duly and punctually pay and discharge 
all monies and liabilities that are or at any time will be due 
and payable to the Security Trustee or any Programme 
Creditor under or in connection with the Notes and any other 
Programme Document to which it is a party; and 
–
that the Issuer shall comply with and perform all its other 
obligations and liabilities under the Notes and any other 
Programme Document to which it is a party. 
The Security Trustee shall be entitled to enforce the obligations of 
the Issuer under the Notes and the Conditions of the Notes as if 
the same were set out and contained in the Trust Agreement. 
To provide collateral for the Secured Obligations, the Issuer 
pledges to the Security Trustee the Purchased Vehicles and the 
associated Lease Receivables, all its claims and other rights 
arising from the Programme Documents and all its claims (i) in 
respect of the Accounts of the Issuer opened pursuant to the 
Account Agreement and (ii) in respect of all bank accounts which 
will be opened in the name of the Issuer in the future under or in 
connection with the Account Agreement. 
As part of the Security, the Seller has also pledged the Purchased 
Vehicles it owns to the Security Trustee under the Sellers Vehicles 
Pledge Agreement. 
The Trust Agreement is governed by German law. 
Account Agreement 
Under the terms of the Account Agreement, the Issuer will hold the 
Cash 
Collateral 
Account, 
the 
Distribution 
Account, 
the 
Accumulation Account, the Monthly Collateral Account and the 
Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account with the Account 
Bank. Should the Account Bank cease to have the Account Bank 
Required Ratings, the Account Bank shall within sixty (60) days (i) 
procure transfer of the accounts held with it to an Eligible Collateral 
Bank which is to be appointed by the Issuer once selected by the 
Account Bank, or (ii) find an irrevocable and unconditional 
guarantor providing the guarantee from an entity with Account 
Bank Required Rating, or (iii) take any other action in order to 
maintain the rating of the Notes or to restore the rating of the Notes. 
The Account Agreement is governed by German law. 
Subordinated Loan Agreement 
Pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Subordinated 
Lender has agreed to make available to the Issuer the 
Subordinated Loan to provide funds for the acquisition of the 
Leased Vehicles and associated Lease Receivables pursuant to 
and in accordance with the Programme Documents to provide 
credit enhancement for the outstanding Notes and to grant the 
Issuer Facility to the Seller.  
The Subordinated Loan Agreement is governed by German law.

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
Issuer Facility Agreement 
The Issuer, the Seller and the Security Trustee have entered into 
the Issuer Facility Agreement pursuant to which the Issuer will 
make available to the Seller Issuer Advances in respect of each 
Purchased 
Vehicle 
together 
with 
the 
associated 
Lease 
Receivables, each for an amount equal to the Present Value of the 
aggregate Purchase Price payable in respect of the respective 
Purchased Vehicle as calculated as at the relevant Cut-Off Date. 
The Issuer Facility Agreement is governed by Dutch law. 
Swap Agreements 
The Issuer has entered, or will enter into one or more Swap 
Agreements. Each Swap Agreement will hedge in respect of a 
particular Series of Notes the interest rate risk deriving from fixed 
rate interest payments owed by the Lessees to the Issuer under 
the Purchased Receivables and floating rate interest payments 
owed by the Issuer under the relevant Series of Notes. 
Each Swap Agreement is governed by English law. 
Management Agreements 
The Issuer has entered into the Issuer Management Agreement, 
the Foundation has entered into the Foundation Management 
Agreement and the Security Trustee has entered into the Trustee 
Management Agreement, pursuant to which the Directors shall 
perform certain management services for the Issuer, the 
Foundation and the Security Trustee.  
Each Management Agreement is governed by Dutch law. 
Deposit Agreement 
The Seller and the Issuer have appointed Amsterdamsch Trustee's 
Kantoor B.V., as Data Protection Trustee under the provisions of 
the Deposit Agreement and have made the Portfolio Decryption 
Key (which is used for the identification of the names and 
addresses of the Lessees in respect of the Purchased Vehicles) 
available to the Data Protection Trustee. The Data Protection 
Trustee will keep the Portfolio Decryption Key in safe custody and 
protect it against unauthorised access by any third party. The Data 
Protection Trustee will instruct the Lessees and, if applicable, any 
insurance company, to make all payments in respect of the 
relevant Purchased Vehicle directly to the Distribution Account or 
such other account as the Issuer or the Security Trustee may 
designate for such purpose, to the extent the Servicer fails to 
comply with its notification obligations pursuant to clause 22.1of 
the Servicing Agreement and/or clause 12.1 of the Master Hire 
Purchase Agreement. 
The Deposit Agreement is governed by German law. 
Risk Factors 
Prospective investors in the Notes should consider, among other 
things, certain risk factors in connection with the purchase of the 
Notes. Such risk factors as described below may influence the 
ability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or 
in connection with any Notes. The risks in connection with the 
investment in the Notes include, inter alia, risks relating to the 
assets and the Programme Documents, risks relating to the Notes 
and risks relating to the Issuer. These risk factors represent the 
principal risks inherent in investing in the Notes only.

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
RISK FACTORS 
THE PURCHASE OF THE NOTES MAY INVOLVE SUBSTANTIAL RISKS AND BE SUITABLE ONLY FOR 
INVESTORS WHO HAVE THE KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE IN FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS 
MATTERS NECESSARY TO ENABLE THEM TO EVALUATE THE RISKS AND THE MERITS OF AN 
INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES. PRIOR TO MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS 
SHOULD 
CAREFULLY 
CONSIDER 
IN 
LIGHT 
OF 
THEIR 
OWN 
FINANCIAL 
CIRCUMSTANCES AND INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES ALL THE INFORMATION SET FORTH IN THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS AND, IN PARTICULAR, THE CONSIDERATIONS SET FORTH BELOW. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD MAKE SUCH INQUIRIES AS THEY DEEM NECESSARY 
WITHOUT RELYING ON THE ISSUER, THE LEAD MANAGER OR THE ARRANGER. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
These factors are contingencies which may or may not occur, and the Issuer is not in a position to express a 
view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
The Issuer believes that the risks described herein are the principal risks inherent in the Programme for 
Noteholders, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with 
the Notes may occur for other unknown reasons. Although the Issuer believes that the various structural 
elements described in this document mitigate some of these risks for Noteholders, there can be no assurance 
that these measures will be sufficient to ensure payment to Noteholders of interest, principal or any other 
amounts on or in connection with the Notes on a timely basis or at all. 
I. RISK FACTORS WHICH ARE SPECIFIC AND MATERIAL TO THE ISSUER
The Issuer is structured to be an insolvency-remote vehicle. Each of the Programme Documents to which the 
Issuer is a party is subject to limited recourse provisions and non-petition covenants in favour of the Issuer. 
The Issuer has granted security over most of its assets pursuant to the Security Documents. Reliance is 
therefore placed on the pledges, assignments and other security interests granted by the Issuer under all of 
the Security Documents and the contractual non-petition undertakings given by the Programme Creditors. 
However, the Issuer is not exempt from insolvency proceedings. In particular, in circumstances where the 
Issuer would owe any amounts to a Lessee after it has acquired legal title to a Purchased Vehicle, such as a 
Lease Incidental Debt that may be owed by the Issuer to the relevant Lessee in respect of such Purchased 
Vehicle, the Issuer will not have the benefit of limited recourse undertakings and non-petition undertakings, 
since these have not been made by the Lessees. 
The Issuer is incorporated as a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte 
aansprakelijkheid) under the laws of The Netherlands and has its official seat (statutaire zetel) in Amsterdam 
and is likely to have its centre of main interests (within the meaning of the EU Insolvency Regulation) in The 
Netherlands and, consequently, may be subject to insolvency laws and proceedings in The Netherlands, 
subject to certain exceptions as provided for in the EU Insolvency Regulation. 
There are two primary insolvency regimes under Dutch law. The first, moratorium of payments (surseance 
van betaling), is intended to facilitate the reorganisation of a debtor's indebtedness and enable the debtor to 
continue as a going concern. The second, bankruptcy (faillissement), is primarily designed to liquidate assets 
and distribute the proceeds of the assets of a debtor to its creditors. Both insolvency regimes are set forth in 
the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet). In practice, a moratorium of payments often results in 
bankruptcy. 
If the Issuer becomes subject to an insolvency regime, this could result in the Issuer not having enough funds 
available to it to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
II. RISKS RELATED TO THE NATURE OF THE NOTES
Liability and Limited Recourse under the Notes  
All payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Subordinated Loan Agreement constitute limited 
recourse obligations to pay only the respective Available Distribution Amount which includes, inter alia, 
amounts received by the Issuer from the Lease Receivables and under the Programme Documents. The 
Available Distribution Amount may not be sufficient to pay amounts accrued under the Notes, which may

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
result in an Interest Shortfall, however, only an Interest Shortfall on the Class A Notes when the same 
becomes due and payable, and such default continues for a period of five (5) Business Days will constitute a 
Foreclosure Event. The Notes shall not give rise to any payment obligation in addition to the foregoing. If the 
Security Trustee enforces the claims under the Notes, or respectively the Parallel Debt, such enforcement 
will be limited to the assets which were pledged, respectively transferred, to the Security Trustee for security 
purposes. To the extent that such assets, or the proceeds of the realisation thereof, prove ultimately 
insufficient to satisfy the claims of all respective Noteholders in full, then any shortfall arising shall be 
extinguished and neither any Noteholder, nor the Security Trustee shall have any further claims against the 
Issuer. Such assets and proceeds shall be deemed to be "ultimately insufficient" at such time when no further 
assets are available and no further proceeds can be realised therefrom to satisfy any outstanding claims of 
the Noteholders, and neither assets nor proceeds will be so available thereafter. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the recourse of the Programme Creditors is limited to the Security and any other 
assets of the Issuer. The Issuer is in any case a special purpose company with no assets other than the 
Portfolio and its rights under the Programme Documents to which it is a party. This could result in the Issuer 
not having enough funds available to it to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
Subordination of Notes  
Holders of Class B Notes will bear more credit risk with respect to the Issuer than holders of Class A Notes 
and will incur losses, if any, prior to holders of the Class A Notes because of the subordination of the Class 
B Notes in relation to the Class A Notes. 
Upon the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, no payment of interest will be made on the Class B Notes until 
all of the Issuer’s senior expenses (including applicable fees for Agents), and all interest on the Class A Notes 
are paid in full and no payment of principal will be made on the Class B Notes until the principal amount of 
the Class A Notes is paid in full. 
Following the end of the Revolving Period and prior to the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, on each 
Payment Date the Issuer shall pay from the Available Distribution Amount (provided that, prior to the 
occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, the payment of interest due and payable on each Series of Class B Notes 
has been paid) the Amortisation Amount to each Amortising Series of Class A Notes, which comprises a 
payment of principal in respect of a Series of Class A Notes until the principal amount outstanding of such 
Series of Class A Notes equals the Class A Targeted Note Balance. Payments of principal on each Series of 
Class B Notes will be made from any amounts remaining from the Available Distribution Amount only after 
the payment of principal on each Series of Class A Notes and until the principal amount outstanding of each 
Series of Class B Notes equals the Class B Targeted Note Balance.  
A Foreclosure Event will occur inter alia if the Issuer defaults in the payment of any interest on the most senior 
Class of Notes when the same becomes due and payable, and such default continues for a period of five (5) 
Business Days. If a Foreclosure Event has occurred, the Issuer will not pay interest or principal on any Notes 
other than the Class A Notes until all of the Issuer’s senior expenses and all interest and principal on the 
Class A Notes are paid in full.  
Credit Risk of the Parties 
The ability of the Issuer to make any principal and interest payments in respect of the Notes depends to a 
large extent upon the ability of the Programme Parties to perform their contractual obligations. In particular, 
and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the timely payment of amounts due in respect of the Notes 
depends on the ability of the Servicer to collect the Purchased Receivables, to realise the Purchased Vehicles 
and to forward these amounts to the Issuer and on the maintenance of the level of interest rate protection 
offered by the Swap Agreements. In the event that any relevant third party fails to perform its obligations 
under the respective agreements to which it is a party, the Noteholders may be adversely affected. No 
assurances can be given that the Issuer will be able to find any replacement providers on a timely basis or at 
all. In this regard, see further the risk factor "Risk of change of Servicer" below. 
Change of law 
The Lease Agreements underlying the Purchased Vehicles and associated Lease Receivables, the Trust 
Agreement, the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, the other Programme Documents and the issue and

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
structure of the Notes as well as the ratings which are to be assigned to the Notes are based on the laws in 
effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus and as applied by the courts and other competent authorities in 
the relevant jurisdictions. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible change of law or its 
interpretation or judicial or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. Any change of law 
might have an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to make interest and principal payments on the Notes. 
No gross up of payments 
Save for what is discussed in the risk factor "Conditional withholding tax on interest in The Netherlands", 
under the existing laws of The Netherlands all payments of interest and principal by the Issuer under the 
Notes can be made free of withholding or deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, 
withheld, or assessed by The Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. 
The tax treatment may change before the maturity or termination date of Notes, due to changes in tax law or 
in the interpretation of tax law or otherwise. The Notes will not provide for gross-up of payments in the event 
that the payments on the Notes become subject to withholding taxes (including a withholding under FATCA), 
so that in case the Issuer would have to withhold payments due under the Notes for tax reasons, the 
Noteholders would receive reduced payments only which may lead to a lower return on the Notes. 
Modification of Conditions  
The Conditions which are governed by German law may be modified through contractual agreement to be 
concluded between the Issuer and all Noteholders as provided for in Section 4 of the German Debenture Act 
(Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz - SchVG)) or by 
a Noteholder’s resolution adopted pursuant to Sections 5 to 22 of aforementioned act and in accordance with 
the terms and conditions with unanimous consent of the Noteholders. As long as the Notes are outstanding, 
the applicable Margin pursuant to Condition 8(c) may only be modified pursuant to a contractual agreement 
which requires the consent of the Issuer, all Noteholders and of VWPFS. If no such consent can be obtained 
the Noteholders will bear the risk that the applicable Margin pursuant to Condition 8(c) might be of economic 
disadvantage for them. 
Ratings of the Class A Notes 
The Issuer has not requested a rating of the Class A Notes by any rating agency other than the Rating 
Agencies. Rating organisations other than the Rating Agencies may seek to rate the Class A Notes and, if 
such "shadow ratings" or "unsolicited ratings" are lower than the comparable ratings assigned to the Class A 
Notes by the Rating Agencies, such shadow or unsolicited ratings could have an adverse effect on the value 
of the Class A Notes. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or 
withdrawal at any time by the rating organisation. There is no assurance that the ratings will continue for any 
period of time or that they will not be lowered, reviewed, suspended or withdrawn by the Rating Agencies. In 
the event that the ratings initially assigned to the Class A Notes by the Rating Agencies are subsequently 
withdrawn or lowered for any reason, no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional support or credit 
enhancement to the Notes. Any withdrawal or downgrade of the ratings assigned to the Class A Notes could 
adversely affect an investor's ability to sell, and/or the price an investor receives for, the Class A Notes in the 
secondary market. 
Interest Rate Risk / Risk of Swap Counterparty Insolvency  
During those periods in which the floating rates payable by a Swap Counterparty under a Swap Agreement 
are substantially greater than the fixed rates payable by the Issuer under such Swap Agreement, the Issuer 
will be more dependent on receiving payments from such Swap Counterparty in order to make interest 
payments on the relevant Series of Notes. If the Swap Counterparty fails to pay any amounts when due under 
a Swap Agreement, the Collections from Purchased Receivables and the General Cash Collateral Amount 
may be insufficient to make the required payments on the respective Series of Notes and the Noteholders 
may experience delays and/or reductions in the interest and principal payments on the respective Series of 
Notes.

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
During periods in which the floating rates payable by a Swap Counterparty under a Swap Agreement are less 
than the fixed rate payable by the Issuer under such Swap Agreement, the Issuer will be obliged to make a 
payment to such Swap Counterparty. The Swap Counterparty's claims for payment (including certain 
termination payments required to be made by the Issuer upon a termination of a Swap Agreement) under the 
Swap Agreement will be higher in priority than all payments on the Notes. If a payment under the Swap 
Agreement is due to the Swap Counterparty on any Payment Date, the Purchased Receivables and the 
General Cash Collateral Amount may be insufficient to make the required payments on the Notes and the 
Noteholders may experience delays and/or reductions in the interest and principal payments under the Notes. 
The Swap Counterparty may become insolvent or may suffer from a rating downgrade, in which case it would 
have to be replaced or, in case of a certain rating downgrade would have to provide collateral. A Swap 
Agreement may also be terminated by either party due to an event of default or a termination event. However, 
there can be no assurance that a guarantor or replacement Swap Counterparty will be found or that the 
amount of collateral will be sufficient to meet the Swap Counterparty's obligations. Nevertheless, the Issuer 
shall use its best efforts to find a replacement Swap Counterparty. In such events the Noteholders may 
experience delays and/or reductions in the interest and principal payments due in respect of such Series of 
Notes. 
The enforceability of a contractual provision which alters the priorities of payments to subordinate the claim 
of a Swap Counterparty (to the claims of other creditors of its counterparty) upon the occurrence of an 
insolvency of or other default by a Swap Counterparty has been challenged in the English and U.S. 
courts.However this is an aspect of cross border insolvency law which remains untested. Whilst the priority 
issue is considered largely resolved in England and Wales, concerns still remain that the English and U.S. 
courts will diverge in their approach which, in the case of an unfavourable decision in the U.S., may adversely 
affect the Issuer's ability to make payments on the Notes. If a creditor of the Issuer (such as the Swap 
Counterparty) or a related entity becomes subject to insolvency proceedings in any jurisdiction outside 
England and Wales (including, but not limited to, the U.S.), and it is owed a payment by the Issuer, a question 
arises as to whether the insolvent creditor or any insolvency official appointed in respect of that creditor could 
successfully challenge the validity and/or enforceability of subordination provisions included in the 
Programme Documents (such as a provision of the relevant Order of Priority which refers to the ranking of 
the Swap Counterparty's rights in respect of certain amounts under the Swap Agreements). In particular there 
is a risk that such subordination provisions would not be upheld under US bankruptcy law. Such laws may be 
relevant in certain circumstances with respect to a range of entities which may act as a Swap Counterparty, 
including US established entities and certain non-US established entities with assets or operations in the U.S. 
(although the scope of any such proceedings may be limited if the relevant non-U.S. entity is a bank with a 
licensed branch in a US state). In general, if a subordination provision included in the Programme Documents 
was successfully challenged under the insolvency laws of any relevant jurisdiction outside England and Wales 
and any relevant foreign judgment or order was recognised by the English courts, such actions may adversely 
affect the rights of the Noteholders, the rating and/or the market value of the Notes and/or the ability of the 
Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. 
Market and Liquidity Risk for the Notes 
The secondary markets in general are currently experiencing severe disruptions resulting from reduced 
investor demand for asset-backed securities and increased investor yield requirements for those securities. 
As a result, the secondary market for asset-backed securities is experiencing extremely limited liquidity. 
These conditions may continue or worsen in the future. Limited liquidity in the secondary market for asset-
backed securities has had a severe adverse effect on the market value of asset-backed securities and may 
continue to have a severe adverse effect on the market value of asset-backed securities, especially those 
securities that are more sensitive to prepayment, credit or interest rate risk and those securities that have 
been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. Consequently, any 
purchaser of the Notes must be prepared to hold such Notes for an indefinite period of time or until final 
redemption or maturity of such Notes. The market values of the Notes are likely to fluctuate and could 
decrease. Any such fluctuation or decrease may be significant and could result in significant losses to 
investors in the Notes.  
Termination for Good Cause (Kündigung aus wichtigem Grund) 
In respect of the Programme Documents that are governed by German law, as a general principle of German 
law, a continuing obligation (Dauerschuldverhältnis) may always be terminated for good cause (Kündigung

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
aus wichtigem Grund) and such right cannot be excluded nor may it be subject to unreasonable restrictions 
or the consent from a third party. This may also have an impact on several limitations on the right of the 
parties to terminate any of the Programme Documents governed by German law. 
Eurosystem Eligibility 
The Notes are currently not Eurosystem eligible. However, the Class A Notes are intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. This means that the Class A Notes are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with one of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as Common Safekeeper, but does not 
necessarily mean that the Class A Notes in the future will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem ("Eurosystem eligible collateral") at any 
or all times during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon such satisfaction of all of the other Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria set out in the Guideline (EU) 2015/510 of the European Central Bank (the "ECB") of 19 
December 2014 on the implementation of the Eurosystem monetary policy framework (ECB/2014/60) 
(recast), which applies since 1 May 2015, as amended by Guideline (EU) 2019/1032 of the ECB of 10 May 
2019 (ECB/2019/11) and Guideline (EU) 2020/1690 of 25 September 2020 (ECB/2020/45). It is not expected 
that the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes will satisfy the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  
Neither the Issuer, the Lead Manager nor the Arranger gives any representation, warranty, confirmation or 
guarantee to any investor in the Class A Notes that the Class A Notes will, either upon issue, or any or at all 
times during their life, satisfy all or any requirements for Eurosystem eligibility and be recognised as 
Eurosystem eligible collateral. Any prospective investor in the Class A Notes should consult its professional 
advisers with respect to whether or not the Class A Notes may constitute Eurosystem eligible collateral at any 
point of time during the life of the Class A Notes. 
III. RISKS RELATED TO THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES AND PURCHASED VEHICLES
Hire Purchase of the Leased Vehicles – Risk that hire purchase of Leased Vehicles is not perfected 
Pursuant to the Master Hire Purchase Agreement the Issuer will purchase Leased Vehicles from the Seller 
by means of a Hire Purchase Contract within the meaning of article 7:84 paragraph 3 under b or, with respect 
to a Hire Purchase Contract entered into prior to 1 January 2017, article 7A:1576h of the Dutch Civil Code to 
be entered into in respect of each relevant Leased Vehicle with the Seller. Under a hire purchase contract the 
parties agree that the purchase price for the relevant asset is paid in regular instalments and that unconditional 
legal ownership to the asset does not transfer at the time of delivery of the asset to the hire purchaser, but 
only upon fulfilment of the condition precedent that the purchase price shall have been paid in full (i.e. upon 
payment of the final instalment). Upon payment in full, the Issuer will automatically by operation of law become 
the unconditional legal owner of such Purchased Vehicle, even when in the meantime an Insolvency Event 
with respect to the Seller has occurred. 
Pursuant to article 7:84 paragraph 3 under b and article 7:9(3) (or, with respect to a Hire Purchase Contract 
entered into prior to 1 January 2017, article 7A:1576h and article 7A:1576l) of the Dutch Civil Code delivery 
(aflevering) of assets which are being hire purchased requires that the seller provides control (macht) over 
the relevant assets to the hire purchaser. Under the laws of The Netherlands different views have been 
expressed as to what would be required as a minimum to provide control over a leased vehicle to a hire 
purchaser. However, the Issuer has been advised that upon due completion and execution of any Combined 
Transfer Deed in relation to a Leased Vehicle and, to the extent not already done so, notification as set out 
below, such Combined Transfer Deed results in a valid hire purchase (huurkoop) of such Leased Vehicles as 
a matter of the laws of The Netherlands in accordance with its terms. Pursuant to the Master Hire Purchase 
Agreement such control (macht) will be provided by means of a statement to that effect by and between the 
Seller and the Issuer and, to the extent not already done so, notification will be given to the relevant Lessees 
whereby each Lessee will be informed, among other things, that the Lessee will have to adhere to any 
instructions which will as from the date of the relevant notification be sent to the Lessee by or on behalf of the 
Seller, also acting on behalf of the Issuer. The details as to which Leased Vehicles leased by the relevant 
Lessee are subject to the hire purchase will be made available to the Lessee upon request. If for whatever 
reason delivery of the Leased Vehicle would not occur pursuant to a Combined Transfer Deed it would not 
result in a valid hire purchase of a Leased Vehicle as a matter of the laws of The Netherlands in accordance 
with its terms, which will not be valid and the Issuer will not become the legal owner of the Purchased Vehicles 
and may not be entitled to the Lease Collections and Vehicle Realisation Proceeds, which may in turn result 
in losses on the Notes.

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
Adverse rights of third parties in relation to the Purchased Vehicles 
Pursuant to the Master Hire Purchase Agreement the Issuer will purchase Leased Vehicles from the Seller 
from time to time by means of a Hire Purchase Contract within the meaning of article 7:84 paragraph 3 under 
b or, with respect to a Hire Purchase Contract entered into prior to 1 January 2017, article 7A:1576h of the 
Dutch Civil Code to be entered into in respect of each Leased Vehicle with the Seller. Pursuant to each Hire 
Purchase Contract, delivery (levering) of the relevant Purchased Vehicle occurs by the Seller providing the 
control (macht) of such Purchased Vehicle to the Issuer on the associated Purchase Date. In addition 
notification will be given to the relevant Lessees whereby each Lessee will be informed, among other things, 
that the Lessee will have to adhere to any instructions which will as from the date of the relevant notification 
be sent to the Lessee by or on behalf of the Seller, also acting on behalf of the Issuer. The details as to which 
Leased Vehicles leased by the relevant Lessee are subject to the hire purchase will be made available to the 
Lessee upon request.  
Statutory protection is available under the laws of The Netherlands to any person with a prior proprietary right 
(oorspronkelijk rechthebbende of anterieur beperkt gerechtigde) or privileged receivable (geprivilegieerde 
schuldeiser) in respect of the relevant Purchased Vehicle if at the time of notification to the relevant Lessee 
the Issuer knew or should have known of their entitlement.  
Pursuant to the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, the Seller will give the Asset Warranties in relation to the 
Leased Assets. The Asset Warranties include the requirement that there is no person or entity with a prior 
proprietary right (oorspronkelijk rechthebbende) or privileged receivable (gepriviligeerde schuldeiser) in 
respect of each Leased Asset, subject to any Adverse Claims under the BOVAG General Conditions. 
A breach of such Asset Warranties could potentially lead to the Issuer receiving less Vehicle Realisation 
Proceeds than expected or the Issuer not having become the owner of the relevant Purchased Vehicle and 
consequently only having a claim for damages vis-à-vis the Seller. 
BOVAG possessory liens and third party encumbrances of third parties
Retention of title 
The purchase contracts pursuant to which the Seller purchases from the relevant car dealer the Vehicles that 
will become subject to a Lease Agreement usually are subject to the BOVAG General Conditions which 
contain a provision under which the car dealer retains title to the Vehicle until the purchaser has fully paid the 
purchase price thereof and/or has complied with other obligations vis-à-vis the car dealer. Such retention of 
title provisions are used by the relevant car dealer in connection with the acquisition of Vehicles and the repair 
and maintenance of such Vehicles. For as long as such provision is effective in relation to a Vehicle, the Seller 
acquires conditional title (eigendom onder opschortende voorwaarde) to such Vehicle only (subject to the 
condition precedent of full payment of the relevant amounts). Where under an agreement it is intended that 
the Seller retains ownership of a vehicle (over which the buyer is given control) until an obligation owed by 
the buyer has been performed, the seller is presumed to have undertaken itself to transfer the vehicle to the 
buyer under a condition precedent of performance of that obligation. 
The consequence of such retention of title is that, depending on the exact wording of the relevant retention 
of title clause in the purchase agreement entered into between the Seller and the car dealer, the Seller will 
only become the unconditional legal owner of the Vehicle after payment of the purchase price in full. Once 
the Seller has paid the purchase price to the car dealer, it will in principle acquire legal title to the Vehicle. 
It is understood that the Seller customarily pays the purchase price owed by it to a car dealer within five (5) 
business days after delivery of the Vehicle, which would typically represent the largest claim by a car dealer 
on the Seller. However, a car dealer may also perform other services for the Seller pursuant to (in het kader 
van) the sale and purchase agreement between the car dealer and the Seller, such as maintenance and 
repair work, which if invoices in respect thereof remain unpaid could lead to the car dealer retaining title to a 
Vehicle possessed by it. It is understood that such unpaid amounts generally are very limited and it would be 
uncommon for a car dealer to retain title as a result of this. However, if such unpaid amounts would 
nevertheless be material and a dealer would retain title as described above, the Seller would not become the 
unconditional legal owner of the Vehicle and therefore cannot transfer title of such Vehicle to the Issuer under 
a Combined Transfer Deed.

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
Pursuant to each Hire Purchase Contract, the Seller purports to transfer to the Issuer full title to the relevant 
Purchased Vehicle, but subject to the condition precedent of payment of the Final Purchase Instalment. 
However, if title to such Purchased Vehicle is retained by the relevant car dealer, the Seller cannot transfer 
full, but at the most conditional, title, in any case subject to the same condition precedent of payment of the 
Final Purchase Instalment. In such case, there is a risk that the relevant car dealer with a retention of title will 
claim back the Vehicle from the Issuer if any amounts due by the Seller remain unpaid. 
Negative disposal/pledge 
In addition, the BOVAG General Conditions provide that for as long as title to the relevant Vehicle is retained 
by the car dealer as abovementioned, the client of such dealer (the Seller) may not pledge or grant any other 
right in respect of such Vehicle to any third party. Pursuant to the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, the Seller 
will warrant and represent that the entry by the Seller into and the execution of the relevant Programme 
Documents and the performance by the Seller of its obligations under the relevant Programme Documents 
do not and will not conflict with or constitute a breach or infringement of any of the terms of, or constitute a 
default by, the Seller under, any agreement, indenture, contract, mortgage, deed or other instrument to which 
the Seller is a party or which is binding on it or any of its assets, where such conflict, breach, infringement or 
default could reasonably be expected to damage materially the ability of the Seller to perform its obligations 
under the relevant Programme Documents. See further the section headed "Credit Risk of the Parties". 
Possessory lien 
The right for a possessory lien (retentierecht) is a statutory remedy that is available to certain types of creditors 
allowing such creditors to refuse to surrender possession of goods as long as the debtor has failed to pay the 
debt he owes to such creditor. The BOVAG General Conditions (and the Dutch Civil Code) provide for a 
possessory lien (retentierecht) of the car dealer for all assets (i.e. leased vehicles) which the car dealer holds 
for or on behalf of the client (the Seller). The possessory lien applies for as long as both the car dealer holds 
such assets and any amounts due by the client (the Seller) for assets or services rendered by the car dealer 
have not been paid. An Insolvency Event relating to the debtor does not affect a possessory lien. 
If, for example, a Leased Vehicle is brought to a car dealer for repair the car dealer is entitled to hold the 
Vehicle until the dealer is paid for the services rendered by such car dealer. Whether the Servicer acting on 
behalf of the Issuer is obliged to pay the car dealer or the Lessee depends on the type of Lease Agreement 
entered into with the Lessee. The BOVAG General Conditions that often apply in respect of repair activities 
performed by car dealers contain a clause dealing with the possessory lien. Such clause is included in the 
BOVAG General Conditions as well in the BOVAG Private General Conditions. The BOVAG Private General 
Conditions and the BOVAG General Conditions provide for a possessory lien (retentierecht) of a mechanic. 
In case any repair work has been carried out by the mechanic, the mechanic has the right to remain in 
possession of the vehicle concerned, if and for as long as (i) any amounts due by the client for services 
rendered by the mechanic in relation to a vehicle have not been paid or paid in full, (ii) any amounts due by 
the client with respect to services rendered by the mechanic in relation to the same vehicle have not been 
paid or paid in full or (iii) any other claims arising from the contractual relationship with a supplier/ mechanic 
have not been repaid or paid in full by the client. The mechanic cannot invoke a possessory lien for the vehicle 
concerned, if the client has provided adequate (substitute) collateral/ security, for example by means of a 
deposit with the BOVAG Disputes Committee (Geschillencommissie Voertuigen van de Stichting 
Geschillencommissies). See further the section headed "BOVAG; possessory liens and third party 
encumbrances of third parties" which applies mutatis mutandis. 
Furthermore, as another example, in lower case law it has been held that pursuant to article 3:291(2) of the 
Dutch Civil Code, the user of a Vehicle subject to a lease concluded between its employer and a third party 
(i.e. the lease company) will have a possessory lien on such Vehicle in the event that the employer fails to 
comply with its obligations under the relevant employment agreement. However, there are several lower 
judgments of more recent dates than the judgment referred to above, where it was decided that an employee 
who did invoke a possessory lien against the relevant lease company in respect of the leased car under his 
control, because the relevant employer failed to comply with its obligations under the employment agreement, 
was not entitled to do so. There is currently no conclusive case law from which it can be concluded whether 
employees have the right to retain the relevant Leased Vehicles in case of a breach by the relevant employer 
of its obligations under the relevant employment agreement. See further the section headed "Credit Risk of 
the Parties".

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
Pledge 
The BOVAG General Conditions provide for a pledge to the car dealer of any asset (i.e. Leased Vehicles) 
which the client (the Seller) brings within the control of such car dealer, for example for the purpose of repair 
or maintenance. Any such right of pledge terminates as soon as the relevant Vehicle leaves the control of the 
car dealer. However, the BOVAG General Conditions permit the car dealer, while the relevant Vehicle is in 
its control, to convert its possessory right of pledge into a non-possessory right of pledge, by offering the 
BOVAG General Conditions together with the car dealer's agreement with the Seller in respect of the relevant 
Vehicle, for registration to the Dutch tax authorities (Belastingdienst). Such right of pledge covers all future 
claims the car dealer may acquire against the Seller. The car dealer is only entitled to enforce the right of 
pledge in the event that the Seller does not make the payments due to the car dealer. As stated above the 
amounts owed by the Seller to a car dealer generally are limited to payments to be made in respect of repairs 
and maintenance services. However, if such payments are material and the car dealer exercises its right of 
pledge, this may lead to the Issuer receiving less Vehicle Realisation Proceeds than expected and 
consequently only having a claim for damages vis-à-vis the Seller. 
BOVAG Business Conditions in Car Work and BOVAG Private Conditions in Car Body Work 
The BOVAG Business Conditions in Car Work and BOVAG Private Conditions in Car Body Work may be 
used in connection with the repair and maintenance of Vehicles. The BOVAG Business Conditions in Car 
Work and BOVAG Private Conditions in Car Body Work contain provisions with respect to the right for a 
possessory lien similar to those contained in the BOVAG General Conditions listed above. 
Third party encumbrances 
It is possible that a car dealer or previous owner of a Vehicle has encumbered such Vehicle with a right in 
rem (zakelijk recht), such as a right of pledge in favour of a financier of the Vehicle, or has retained title 
thereto. Such encumbrance or retention of title would usually have been released prior to the relevant Vehicle 
being delivered (geleverd) to the Seller, but the possibility cannot be excluded that such encumbrance or 
retention of title still exists at the time of delivery to the Issuer. Even if such encumbrance or retention of title 
still exists, delivery to the Seller would in principle still be valid under the laws of The Netherlands, assuming 
that the Seller was acting in good faith. 
On the basis of the above, the category of Purchased Vehicles that are subject to retention of title at any point 
in time should be limited. The position in respect of that category is as follows. Pursuant to each Hire Purchase 
Contract, the Seller purports to transfer to the Issuer full title to the relevant Purchased Vehicle, but subject 
to the condition precedent of payment of the Final Purchase Instalment. However, if title to such Purchased 
Vehicle is retained by the relevant car dealer, the Seller cannot transfer full, but at the most conditional, title, 
in any case subject to the same condition precedent of payment of the Final Purchase Instalment. 
Transfer of the Leased Vehicles and associated Lease Agreements – Risk that Lessees may not 
accept the Issuer's (conditional) assumptions of obligations under the Leases 
As a result of the transfer of unconditional legal ownership of a Purchased Vehicle upon payment in full of the 
Purchase Price for such Purchased Vehicle under the relevant Hire Purchase Contract, all rights and 
obligations of the Seller under the associated Lease Agreement which will become due and payable after 
such transfer will automatically and at the same time pass to the Issuer. No further action by either the Seller 
or the Issuer is required in this respect. The automatic transfer of the rights and obligations under the 
associated Lease Agreement is a result of the fact that article 7:226 of the Dutch Civil Code applies, since 
under the laws of The Netherlands operational lease agreements qualify as rental agreements 
(huurovereenkomsten) within the meaning of article 7:201 of the Dutch Civil Code. Each Hire Purchase 
Contract between the Seller, the Issuer and the Security Trustee allows for the immediate payment by or on 
behalf of the Issuer of all remaining Purchase Instalments payable thereunder upon the occurrence of certain 
events, including, without limitation, the insolvency of the Seller. Upon such prepayment in full of all remaining 
Purchase Instalments, the Issuer becomes the unconditional legal owner of the relevant Purchased Vehicle, 
even when in the meantime an Insolvency Event in relation to the Seller has occurred. 
Under the laws of The Netherlands, the transferee of leased property will in fact replace the transferor as a 
party to the relevant lease agreement and will therefore be bound by all terms and conditions of such contract, 
provided however that pursuant to article 7:226(3) of the Dutch Civil Code, the transferee will only be bound

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
to the terms and conditions of the relevant contract to the extent such terms and conditions directly relate to 
the use of the leased property against a consideration payable by the lessee. If and to the extent that for any 
Purchased Vehicle, any right or obligation under the associated Lease does not qualify as being "directly 
connected to the granting of quiet enjoyment against payment of lease instalments" (onmiddellijk verband 
houdt met het doen hebben van het gebruik van de zaak tegen een door de huurder te betalen 
tegenprestatie), as referred to in article 7:226(3) of the Dutch Civil Code, and therefore will not transfer to the 
Issuer by operation of law upon the transfer to the Issuer of full title to the relevant Purchased Vehicle, then 
the Issuer has agreed in the Master Hire Purchase Agreement with the Seller and the Security Trustee to 
assume and bear the risks of any such obligations. If the Lessee would not accept the assumption of the 
obligations it would result in the Seller remaining liable vis-à-vis the Lessee for the performance (nakoming) 
of the relevant obligations. Under the laws of The Netherlands, a default by the Seller under the remaining 
obligations would in principle not entitle the Lessee to suspend its performance (opschorten) under, or to 
dissolve (ontbinden), the relevant Lease Agreement, as (i) it is a logical consequence of the above that the 
remaining obligations which have not transferred by operation of law to the Issuer do not directly concern the 
Lease Agreement, (ii) in case of a Seller Insolvency Event the Issuer will have offered the Lessee to enter 
into an agreement on the same terms as apply to the remaining obligations and (iii) the Issuer will be 
performing any and all other obligations which are directly connected to the granting of quiet enjoyment 
against payment of lease instalments under the Lease Agreement, with the assistance of the Servicer. If 
nonetheless a Lessee would be entitled to suspend its performance under a Lease Agreement or dissolve 
the relevant Lease Agreement, the Issuer may not (timely) receive the relevant Lease Collections, as a 
consequence of which insufficient amounts may be available to the Issuer to make payment to Noteholders 
on any Payment Date. 
Right to suspend performance and/or dissolve Lease Agreements 
According to Dutch law, if one of the parties to a contract does not perform its obligations, then the other party 
has the right to suspend the performance (opschortingsrecht) of its obligations that are related to the 
obligations that have not been performed. In case of partial or improper performance the suspension is 
permitted only to the extent that the shortcoming justifies it. These defences would generally be available to 
a Lessee if the Seller's or the Issuer's, as the case may be, obligations under the relevant Lease Agreement 
are not performed by or on behalf of the Seller or the Issuer, as the case may be. In addition, if the non-
performance results in a default (verzuim), for example because the non-performance was not timely 
remedied by the counterparty following receipt of a default notice (ingebrekestelling), then the first party may 
proceed to dissolve (ontbinden) the agreement (e.g. lease agreement), in whole or in part. In the Servicing 
Agreement, the Servicer undertakes to provide the relevant Services including the performance of all 
obligations of the owner of the Purchased Vehicles and the lessor under the associated Lease Agreements. 
If the Servicer fails to fulfil its obligations under the Servicing Agreement as a result of which a Lessee has 
the right to suspend the performance of its obligations to pay the relevant Lease Instalments, the Issuer may 
sustain a loss or delays in payments may occur. This may lead to losses under the Notes. 
Location of the Vehicles – Risk that Purchased Vehicles are not validly transferred to the Issuer 
Under Dutch rules of private international law, the "lex rei sitae" (i.e. the law of the jurisdiction where a movable 
asset (roerende zaak) is physically located at the relevant moment in time) governs the transfer of title to, and 
the creation of a security right in respect of such asset. This means that in the event a Purchased Vehicle is 
physically located outside The Netherlands upon the transfer of title to the Issuer, it is uncertain whether or 
not legal title to such Purchased Vehicle will validly pass on to the Issuer if such transfer is effected in 
accordance with the laws of The Netherlands. 
In the event that according to the law of the jurisdiction in which the Purchased Vehicle is located upon the 
transfer of title to the Issuer additional requirements need to be fulfilled in order to have a valid transfer of 
legal title to the Purchased Vehicle, the Issuer will not become the unconditional legal owner of such 
Purchased Vehicle if such additional requirements have not been fulfilled. The same rules apply to the 
creation of the right of pledge on the Purchased Vehicles in favour of the Security Trustee. Each Combined 
Transfer Deed includes a provision which provides that if at the time of the creation of the right of pledge any 
Purchased Vehicle is located outside The Netherlands, the creation of the right of pledge on such Purchased 
Vehicle is subject to the condition precedent that such Purchased Vehicle is relocated to The Netherlands.  
Similarly, each Combined Transfer Deed includes a provision which provides that if at the time the control or 
full title of any Purchased Vehicle is intended to be transferred to the Issuer pursuant to the Combined

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
Transfer Deed the relevant Purchased Vehicle is located outside The Netherlands, the transfer of control or 
full title to such Purchased Vehicle is subject to the condition precedent that such Purchased Vehicle is 
relocated to The Netherlands. If the Purchased Vehicle is not relocated to The Netherlands, the legal title of 
the Purchased Vehicle will not be transferred to the Issuer. 
Limited description of the Purchased Vehicles; no independent investigation 
Individual Noteholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Purchased Vehicles, 
because it is expected that the constitution of the Purchased Vehicles may constantly change due to, for 
instance, the Issuer hire purchasing additional Leased Vehicles from the Seller or the Call Option Buyer 
repurchasing Purchased Vehicles from the Issuer.  
Each of the Issuer and the Security Trustee will rely solely on the accuracy of the representations and 
warranties relating to the Seller, without the Issuer or the Security Trustee undertaking any investigations, 
searches or other actions to verify the details of the Purchased Vehicles or to establish the creditworthiness 
of any Lessee or Seller (or any other Programme Party). The Master Hire Purchase Agreement provides that 
if a representation or warranty relating to the Seller is breached and such breach is not capable of remedy, 
or is not remedied to the satisfaction of the Issuer until the end of a Monthly Period which includes the 60th
day (or, if the Seller elects, an earlier date) after the date on which the Seller became aware of, or (if earlier) 
was notified by the Servicer, the Issuer or the Security Trustee of the relevant breach of the Asset Warranties, 
then (a) if the breach relates to an Asset Warranty, each relevant Hire Purchase Contract affected by such 
breach shall terminate, as of the Relevant Cut-Off Date, and control of the relevant Purchased Vehicle shall 
be provided back to the Seller, the related Lease Receivable shall be re-assigned, any Lease Incidental Debt 
shall be re-assumed, provided that any such termination and re-assignment will be conditional on the 
associated Issuer Advance being fully and finally repaid in accordance with the Issuer Facility Agreement, 
and the Security Trustee shall terminate (opzeggen) its right of pledge on each relevant Purchased Vehicle 
and associated Lease Receivable; or (b) if the breach relates to any representation or warranty other than an 
Asset Warranty, the Seller shall indemnify the Issuer and the Security Trustee (together with its directors, 
officers and employees) against any losses (including the difference between the amounts received if no 
breach had occurred and the amounts received following such breach), liabilities, costs, expenses, claims, 
actions, damages or demands sustained or to be sustained by the Issuer and/or the Security Trustee 
(together, "Losses") as a consequence of any such breach, default or termination (including, but not limited 
to, all reasonable costs, legal fees, charges and expenses paid or incurred in disputing or defending any 
Losses) which the Issuer and/ or the Security Trustee may incur or which may be made against any of them 
(i) pertaining to each of the Purchased Vehicles prior to the moment on which the Issuer has become the 
legal owner of such Purchased Vehicle and (ii) any and all damages incurred or suffered by the Issuer and/or 
the Security Trustee pertaining to each of the Leased Assets dating from the period prior to the relevant Cut-
Off Date. See further the section headed "Credit Risk of the Parties". 
In respect of any Breach, Default or Termination, neither the Issuer nor the Security Trustee shall have any 
other remedy or cause of action in relation to the breach of the relevant Asset Warranty. 
Residual value risks 
It is envisaged that upon payment to the Seller of all Purchase Instalments under a Hire Purchase Contract, 
the Issuer acquires full title to the relevant Purchased Vehicle. The residual value risk for the Issuer is the risk 
that, after it has acquired legal title to a Purchased Vehicle, any Vehicle Realisation Proceeds of such 
Purchased Vehicle are insufficient to cover the Estimated Residual Value (following the relevant Lease 
Maturity Date), or as the case may be, the Present Value of any remaining scheduled Lease Interest 
Component and Lease Principal Component and of the Estimated Residual Value (following the relevant 
Lease Early Termination Date), of such Purchased Vehicle. Pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, 
the Servicer will use commercially reasonable efforts to arrange for the sale of Purchased Vehicles in a 
manner which maximises the sale price thereof. However, there can be no assurance that the sale proceeds 
of any such Purchased Vehicles will be sufficient to cover the Estimated Residual Value (following the relevant 
Lease Maturity Date), or as the case may be, the Present Value of any remaining scheduled Lease Interest 
Component, Lease Principal Component or the Estimated Residual Value (following the relevant Lease Early 
Termination Date). Such shortfalls in proceeds to cover the Present Value of any remaining scheduled Lease 
Interest Component, Lease Principal Component or the Estimated Residual Value could have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer's ability to make payments under the Notes. See further the section headed "Credit Risk 
of the Parties".

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
Adverse macroeconomic and geopolitical developments may have a material negative impact on the 
performance of the Issuer under the Notes 
The ongoing geopolitical developments, including the current uncertainty in the banking sector, the war in the 
Middle East and the Ukraine and the sanctions imposed by the United States, the United Kingdom, the 
European Union, in particular, against Russia, may result in an adverse impact on global economic, financial, 
political, social or government conditions which may result or already resulted in (including but not limited to) 
limited access to workplaces, and limited availability of key personnel, higher inflation, higher interest rates, 
higher cost of living, declining access to credit, lower or stagnating wages, increasing unemployment, 
changes in government regulatory, fiscal or tax policies, including changes in applicable tax rates and the 
modification of existing or adoption of new tax legislation, sanctions regimes, removal of subsidies, reduced 
public spending, increases in fuel prices, weakness in energy markets or a loss of consumer confidence. 
Such conditions may have an adverse impact on both the operational business of VWPFS and the financial 
performance of the Purchased Receivables and thereby on the ability of the Issuer to make payments under 
the Notes. 
Risk of early repayment and early repayment fees 
Under the terms of certain of the Lease Agreements, the Lessees are entitled to terminate the Lease 
Agreements early, subject, where applicable, to payments of an early repayment fee or charge. The early 
repayment fee or charge may not be enforceable in circumstances where such fee or charge is construed as 
a penalty under the laws of The Netherlands, and may be reduced by a court. In the event that, after the 
termination of the Revolving Period, the Lease Agreements underlying the Portfolio are prematurely 
terminated or otherwise settled early, the principal repayment of the Notes may be earlier than expected and, 
therefore, the yield on the Notes may be adversely affected by a higher or lower than anticipated rate of 
prepayment of the Lease Receivables. The rate of prepayment of the Lease Receivables cannot be predicted 
and is influenced by a wide variety of economic and other factors, including prevailing interest rates, the 
buoyancy of the auto finance market, the availability of alternative financing and local and regional economic 
conditions. Therefore, no assurance can be given as to the level of prepayment that the Lease Receivables 
will experience. See the paragraph entitled "Weighted Average Lives of the Notes". 
Risk of late payment of monthly Instalments 
Whilst each Lease Agreement has due dates for scheduled payments thereunder, there is no assurance that 
the Lessees under those Lease Agreements will pay in time, or pay at all. Any such failure by the Lessees to 
make payments under the Lease Agreements would have an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to make 
payments under the Notes 
Risk of late payment by Servicer 
The Servicer has undertaken to transfer or procure the transfer of the Lease Collections and the Vehicle 
Realisation Proceeds realised by it on each Payment Date subject to and in accordance with the Servicing 
Agreement (see the section entitled "Servicing Agreement"). 
If the Servicer does not promptly forward all amounts which it has collected from the relevant Lessees or 
arising out of or in connection with the realisation of the Purchased Vehicles to the Distribution Account in 
accordance with the Programme Documents, insufficient amounts may be available to the Issuer to make 
payments to Noteholders on any Payment Date. 
Furthermore, no assurance can be given that, upon an Insolvency Event relating to the Servicer, no 
commingling risk will arise, as the proceeds arising out of or in connection with the Lease Receivables and 
the Vehicle Realisation Proceeds will first be paid by, respectively, the Lessees and the third party purchasers 
to the Servicer.  
Performance of realisation services by the Servicer 
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes will depend on the performance of the duties 
of the Servicer. No assurance can be given that the Servicer will be successful in selling the Purchased 
Vehicles in accordance with the Servicing Agreement. This would reduce the amounts available to the Issuer 
to make payments in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
Commingling risk 
Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. in its capacity as Servicer is entitled to commingle Lease Collections 
and Vehicle Realisation Proceeds with its own funds during each Monthly Period in accordance with the 
following procedure: 
If the Monthly Remittance Condition is satisfied, Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. in its capacity as 
Servicer is entitled to commingle Lease Collections and Vehicle Realisation Proceeds collected by it with its 
own funds during each Monthly Period and will be required to make a single transfer to the Distribution 
Account on the following Payment Date. If the Monthly Remittance Condition is not satisfied, Volkswagen 
Pon Financial Services B.V. in its capacity as Servicer is entitled to commingle Lease Collections and Vehicle 
Realisation Proceeds collected by it with its own funds during each Monthly Period only if it has deposited the 
Monthly Collateral for the respective Monthly Period in the Distribution Account. Otherwise, Lease Collections, 
Vehicle Realisation Proceeds and other amounts collected by the Servicer will be required to be remitted by 
it to the Distribution Account on the first Business Day after receipt of such amounts. 
Commingled funds may be used or invested by Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. at its own risk and 
for its own benefit until the relevant Payment Date. If Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. is unable to 
remit such amounts or were to become an insolvent debtor, losses or delays in distributions to investors may 
occur. 
Risk of change of Servicer 
In the event the Servicer is replaced following a Servicer Replacement Event, there may be losses or delays 
in processing payments or losses on the Portfolio due to a disruption in servicing during a transfer to a 
substitute Servicer. Any such delay or losses during such transfer period could have an adverse effect on the 
ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes. There is no guarantee that any new servicer 
can provide servicing at the same level as the Servicer.  
Credit and Collection Procedures 
The Servicer, will carry out the administration, collection and enforcement of the Portfolio in accordance with 
the Servicing Agreement and its Credit and Collection Procedures (see the section entitled "Servicing 
Agreement"). The Noteholders are relying on the business judgment and practices of the Servicer as they 
exist from time to time, in its capacity as Servicer, including enforcing claims against Lessees. Such 
procedures may change over time and no assurance can be given that such changes will not have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer's ability to make payments on the Notes. 
Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer shall not amend, modify or supplement the Credit and 
Collection Procedures and no additional and/or alternative policies or procedures and/or standard documents 
may be adopted in relation to the applicable Credit and Collection Procedures unless such amendment, 
variation, modification or supplement (a) is a Permitted Variation and could not reasonably be expected to 
have a Material Adverse Effect on the Issuer or (b) if is not a Permitted Variation, has been notified to the 
Issuer, the Security Trustee and the Rating Agencies, where the Issuer and the Security Trustee do not object 
within thirty (30) Business Days of prior notice to such amendment, variation or supplement and provided that 
each Rating Agency has (i) provided a Rating Agency Confirmation or (ii) by the fifteenth (15) day after it was 
notified of such matter has not indicated (x) which conditions are to be met before it is in a position to grant a 
Rating Agency Confirmation or (y) that the then current ratings assigned by it to the Notes will be adversely 
affected by or withdrawn as a result of the relevant matter. 
Further, under the Servicing Agreement the Servicer shall be entitled from time to time to make (i) such 
amendments, variations, modifications or supplements to the Lease Agreements as would be acceptable to 
a reasonably prudent lessor of Vehicles in the Netherlands without obtaining prior written consent of the 
Issuer, the Security Trustee or any Rating Agency, provided that each such amendment, variation, 
modification or supplement qualifies as a Permitted Variation and (ii) any other amendment, modification, 
variation or supplement (not being a Permitted Variation) to any relevant Lease Agreement provided that (a) 
it gives thirty (30) Business Days' notice which states that the relevant amendment is not a Permitted Variation 
and will be implemented if the Issuer and the Security Trustee do not object within thirty (30) Business Days 
to the Issuer and the Security Trustee and none of them objects to such amendment, variation, modification 
or supplement within such notice period and each Rating Agency either has (i) provided a Rating Agency

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
Confirmation in respect of the relevant matter or (ii) by the fifteenth (15) day after it was notified of such matter 
has not indicated (x) which conditions are to be met before it is in a position to grant a Rating Agency 
Confirmation or (y) that the then current ratings assigned by it to the Notes will be adversely affected by or 
withdrawn as a result of the relevant matter; or (b) the Seller terminates the Hire Purchase Contract in respect 
of the Purchased Vehicle to which the relevant Lease Agreement relates and repays the associated Issuer 
Advance subject to and in accordance with the Master Hire Purchase Agreement prior to such amendment, 
modification, variation or supplement. 
There can, however, be no assurance that market practice in respect of Credit and Collection Procedures, 
Lease Agreements and/or the demands of prospective Lessees over the life of the Notes will not subject the 
Issuer to more onerous or less favourable covenants on its part or that lease obligations under such Lease 
Agreements will not significantly diminish which, in any such event, may have a Material Adverse Effect on 
the Issuer. 
Risks relating to private leases 
Although there are currently no specific Dutch financial regulatory requirements in respect of operational 
private leases (as opposed to financial private leases), legal and regulatory changes could occur affecting the 
treatment of such private leases under Dutch law. Currently, consumers do not have the same level of 
protection in case of private leases as opposed to consumer credit, while, according to the relevant Dutch 
regulator, the Netherlands Authority for Financial Markets (the "AFM"), consumers run similar risks. Currently, 
a legislative process is ongoing to revise the EU Consumer Credit Directive (2008/48/EC) (the "CCDI"), which 
directive has the purpose of consumer protection and credit transparency. On 12 September 2023, the 
European Parliament adopted the Directive on Consumer Credits (the "CCDII"), which will repeal the CCDI. 
Once the CCDII has been adopted by the Council and has been enter into force following its publication, 
Member States shall start to apply the CCDII at the latest 3 years following its entry into force. The CCDI shall 
nevertheless continue to govern credit agreements that have entered into force prior to the adoption of CCDII 
and shall continue to do so until their termination. One of the changes pursuant to the CCDII is to in scope 
operational private leases as part of the aim to increase transparency and responsible lending practices. If 
the CCDII is finalised in its current form, in the future operational private leases would qualify as a credit 
agreement, and the Seller and/or the Issuer would be obliged to comply with the relevant requirements. This 
may lead to unexpected costs and may require changes in the Seller's business model. Furthermore, should 
in the future the offering of private leases to consumers also qualify as offering credit to consumers as defined 
under the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht – "DFSA"), the Seller may, as a 
consequence of a revised treatment of private leases under Dutch law, be required to obtain a licence for 
offering credit (aanbieden van krediet) to consumers. By acquiring receivables arising under loans granted to 
consumers, a special purpose vehicle which services (beheert) and administers (uitvoert) loans granted to 
consumers is deemed to provide consumer credit, which is a licenced activity under the DFSA. An exemption 
from the licence requirement is available, if the special purpose vehicle outsources the servicing of the credit 
and the administration thereof to an entity holding a licence under the DFSA. Should in the future the Issuer, 
as a consequence of a revised treatment of private leases under Dutch law, be required to have a licence for 
offering credit (aanbieden van krediet) to consumers, the Issuer will have to consider to outsource the 
servicing and administration activities to an entity which is adequately licenced under the DFSA or, 
alternatively, will need to apply for and hold a licence itself. It is, however, unlikely that the Issuer, being a 
special purpose vehicle, can obtain such a license. . If the Seller, due to the revised treatment of private 
leases under  Dutch  law,  has  obtained  the  required  license,  the  Issuer  could  outsource  the  servicing  
and administration activities to the Seller. In the event that the Seller would not obtain such license if required 
or would lose its license once acquired, and the Issuer would not be able to outsource the servicing and 
administration activities to an entity which is adequately licenced under the DFSA, , the Issuer may  have to 
(partly) terminate its activities and may have to sell the relevant Lease Receivables, which could lead to losses 
under the Notes. It is presently unclear what the consequences will be for the Dutch private lease market and 
whether this will lead to the Seller and/or the Issuer (or the servicer appointed by it) to be required to have a 
licence to offer consumer credit pursuant to the DFSA. Given the current uncertainty, no assurance can be 
given that such matters would not adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders. 
Reliance on realisation; sale in the open market 
To the extent the Servicer has the duty to realise the Purchased Vehicles in the open market, the Servicer 
will carry out such realisation of the Purchased Vehicles in accordance with the Servicing Agreement.

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
Accordingly, the Noteholders are relying on the business judgment, the practices and the capabilities of the 
Servicer when realising the Purchased Vehicles (see the section entitled "Servicing Agreement"). The ability 
of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes will depend on the performance of the duties of the 
Servicer. 
Although the different distribution channels for used vehicles offer flexibility, and therefore increase the 
customer base of the Servicer for such used vehicles, there is no guarantee that each of such distribution 
channels in itself results in the best-achievable price for such used vehicles. Partly, used vehicles will be sold 
by trade auctions that are limited to professional resellers only. Sales to professional sellers will generally 
result in a lower resale price (i.e. wholesale prices) than sales to a non-professional individual (i.e. retail 
prices). 
Monies paid by the Servicer to the Seller will be paid into any collection accounts of the Seller and only 
transferred to the Issuer on each Payment Date.  
Termination of Lease Agreements – Risk of early termination upon insolvency 
Insolvency relating to the Lessor 
A possible Insolvency Event in relation to the Seller as Lessor under a Lease Agreement in itself would not 
be a ground for a Lessee to dissolve such agreement (without being obliged to pay any damages), unless the 
parties have agreed otherwise. Pursuant to the Eligibility Criteria a Lease Agreement may not permit the 
Lessee to terminate such Lease Agreement if an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Originator, unless 
the Lessee is required upon such termination to pay a Lease Agreement Early Termination Fee, if any, in 
respect of such Lease Agreement. However, even if the terms and conditions applicable to the relevant Lease 
Agreement do not explicitly provide such right to the Lessee, the Lessee is nevertheless entitled to terminate 
the contract in the event of non-performance by the Lessor of its obligations thereunder if, after having sent 
a notice of default to the Lessor, the default is not remedied within the period mentioned in such notice and 
the non-performance as such justifies a termination of the Lease Agreement. Subject to the terms of the 
relevant Lease Agreement, the Lessee will not be entitled to terminate the Lease Agreement in the event the 
non-performance is of minor importance. If, however, termination would be permitted such termination would 
reduce the Lease Receivables owed to the Issuer and reduce the amounts available to make payments in 
respect of the Notes. In such case, as the Final Purchase Instalment will be paid, the Issuer in its capacity as 
the unconditional legal owner of the Purchased Vehicle will have the benefit of the Vehicle Realisation 
Proceeds in respect of the relevant Purchased Vehicle. 
Insolvency relating to the Lessee 
There are two primary insolvency regimes under Dutch law. The first, moratorium of payments (surseance 
van betaling), aims to facilitate (by means of an agreement between the debtor and its creditors) the 
reorganisation of debts whilst allowing the debtor to continue its business on a going concern basis. The 
second, bankruptcy (faillissement), is primarily designed to liquidate assets and distribute the proceeds of the 
assets of a debtor to its creditors. Both insolvency regimes are based on the Dutch Bankruptcy Act 
(Faillissementswet). In practice, a moratorium of payments often ends in a bankruptcy. The two regimes apply 
to companies and natural persons alike (even though a moratorium of payments can only be applied to natural 
persons having a business or acting as an independent professional (zelfstandig beroep of bedrijf uitoefenen). 
Moreover, natural persons may be subject to debt rescheduling proceedings on the basis of the Natural 
Persons' Debt Rescheduling Act (Wet Schuldsanering Natuurlijke Personen). The aim of the Natural Persons' 
Debt Rescheduling Act is to create the possibility for a debtor to be freed from the burden of debts and to get 
a clean slate after having cooperated (with a court appointed administrator) during a certain time period to 
maximize the amount of money that can be distributed to the joint creditors to repay the debts. In general, the 
most important risk under any of these proceedings is that a Lessee does not pay the amounts due under the 
Lease Agreements (in full or in part), regardless of whether they originated before or during the bankruptcy/ 
moratorium of payments/ debt rescheduling proceedings. 
If a Lessee, for example, has been declared bankrupt (failliet verklaard) or granted moratorium of payments 
(surseance van betaling verleend), there is a risk that an Insolvency Official pursuant to the Dutch Bankruptcy 
Act terminates any lease agreement (huurovereenkomst) to which such Lessee is a party, taking into account 
a notice period of up to three months. Each Lease Agreement provides that if the relevant Lessee has been

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
declared bankrupt (failliet verklaard) or granted moratorium of payments (surseance van betaling verleend), 
or if certain other events relating to such Lessee occur (for example a default (verzuim) in the payment of 
Lease Receivables), the relevant Lessor may terminate the Lease Agreement and the Lessee is obliged to 
indemnify such Lessor. However, if the termination occurs by the Insolvency Official on the basis of the Dutch 
Bankruptcy Act, in principle a three (3) month notice period would apply, setting aside the contractual 
provisions pertaining to termination. Therefore, there is a risk that termination by an Insolvency Official of a 
Lessee on the basis of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act precedes termination by the Lessor on the basis of the 
relevant Lease Agreement. Lease Receivables qualify as an estate debt (boedelschuld) as of the day the 
lessee is subjected to Insolvency Proceedings. Claims that can be considered as an estate debt have to be 
satisfied in priority to insolvency claims that have arisen before the opening of the relevant Insolvency 
Proceeding and do not need to be submitted in the claims validation procedure. 
In case a contractual termination by the Lessor (as opposed to a termination by the Insolvency Official on the 
basis of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act) occurs and the Lessee is requested to indemnify the relevant Lessor 
pursuant to the relevant Lease Agreement, the Lessee in principle has the defences available to it that are 
generally available to debtors under the laws of The Netherlands. If the indemnification qualifies as a penalty 
(boete), these defences include the right to request the court to mitigate such penalty if fairness so clearly 
dictates. However, even if such circumstances apply, the relevant Lessor would still be entitled to any 
indemnification to which it is entitled by law and the owner of the relevant Purchased Vehicle would still have 
the benefit of such ownership. 
On 1 January 2021, the Act on Court Confirmation of Extrajudicial Restructuring Plans (Wet homologatie 
onderhands akkoord, "WHOA") has entered into force. Under the WHOA a proceeding is available for 
companies in financial distress, where the debtor stays in possession and can offer a composition plan to its 
creditors (including secured creditors and shareholders) which is, subject to certain safeguards for creditors’ 
being met, binding on them and changes their rights provided all conditions are met. 
A judge can, inter alia, refuse to accept a composition plan if an affected creditor who did not vote in favour 
of such composition plan and who will be worse off than in case of an insolvency so requests. If a proposal 
has been made or if the debtor undertakes to make a proposal within two (2) months from the date it deposits 
a statement with the court that it has started to make such proposal, a judge may during such proceedings 
grant a stay on enforcement of a maximum of four (4) months, with a possible extension of four (4) months. 
During such period, inter alia, a pledgee of claims may not collect nor notify the borrowers in case of an 
undisclosed pledge. A debtor may offer its creditors a composition plan which may also entail changes to the 
rights of any of its creditor. As a result thereof, it may well be that claims of creditors against the Issuer can 
be compromised as a result of a composition if the relevant majority of creditors within a class vote in favour 
of such a composition.  
The WHOA can provide for restructurings that stretch beyond Dutch borders. Although the WHOA seems 
inappropriate to be applied to the Issuer with a view to the structure of the transaction and the security created 
under the Pledge Agreements, the WHOA when applied to the Issuer, the Seller, other Programme Parties 
(not qualifying as a bank or insurer) or Lessees, could affect the rights of the Security Trustee under the 
Security or the Issuer under the Programme Documents, and this could adversely affect the timely payment 
of the Notes and the performance of the Notes and lead to losses under the Notes. 
Risk that Lessees may be entitled to set-off Lease Receivables against their claims vis-à-vis the 
Lessor 
Under the laws of The Netherlands (article 6:127 of the Dutch Civil Code), a debtor has a right of set-off 
(verrekenen) if (a) it has a claim which corresponds to its debt to the same counterparty and if (b) it is entitled 
to pay its debt as well as to enforce payment of its claims. The parties to a contract may deviate from the 
Dutch Civil Code rules concerning set-off. In the event that the counterparty of the debtor has been declared 
bankrupt (failliet verklaard) or granted moratorium of payments (surseance van betaling verleend), a debtor 
has such right of set-off if both the debt and the claim came into existence prior to the bankruptcy or similar 
proceedings, or arose from acts effected with the bankrupt party prior to such bankruptcy or similar 
proceedings. According to case law neither the debt nor the claim needs to be due and payable for the set-
off to be effective (articles 53 and 234 of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet)). 
Notwithstanding the transfer of Lease Receivables to the Issuer, the Lessees may be entitled to set off the 
relevant Lease Receivable against a claim they may have vis-à-vis the Lessor (if any). In the absence of

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
contractual provisions expanding statutory set-off possibilities, mutuality of claims is one of the requirements 
for set-off to be allowed: the parties, mutually, have to be each other's creditor and debtor. 
Following a transfer of a Lease Receivable by the Seller to the Issuer and notification thereof to the relevant 
Lessee, such Lessor is no longer the creditor of the relevant Lease Receivable. However, for as long as the 
transfer has not been notified to the relevant Lessee, the Lessee remains entitled to set off the Lease 
Receivable against any claim it may have vis-à-vis the Seller (if any) as if no transfer had taken place. The 
Lessees will be notified that upon request they will be provided with the details of the Lease Receivables that 
have been transferred to the Issuer. However, the Issuer has been advised that this may not constitute a 
notification for the purpose of negating set-off. As such, until further notification to a Lessee of the transfer of 
the relevant Lease Receivable, the relevant Lessee may remain entitled to set off as if no transfer of the 
Lease Receivable had occurred. Upon the occurrence of a Seller Insolvency Event, if so requested by the 
Issuer or, following the occurrence of a notification event as referred to in the Lease Receivables Pledge 
Agreement, if so requested by the Security Trustee, the Lessees shall receive such further notification. After 
notification or (deemed) knowledge of the transfer, the relevant Lessee can still invoke set-off pursuant to 
article 6:130 of the Dutch Civil Code. On the basis of such article a Lessee can invoke set-off against the 
Issuer if the Lessee's claim (if any) vis-à-vis the Seller stems from the same legal relationship as the Lease 
Receivable or became due and payable before the notification of the undisclosed assignment or the (deemed) 
knowledge referred to above. In addition, on the basis of an analogous interpretation of article 6:130 of the 
Dutch Civil Code, a Lessee will be entitled to invoke set-off against the Issuer if prior to the notification or 
(deemed) knowledge of the transfer, the Lessee was either entitled to invoke set-off against the Seller (e.g. 
on the basis of article 53 or 234 of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act) or had a justified expectation that it would be 
entitled to such set-off against the Seller. 
Certain general terms and conditions applicable to the Lease Agreements exclude or limit the statutory right 
of set-off of the relevant Lessee. However, a waiver of set-off could be voided pursuant to Dutch contract law 
and may therefore not be enforceable.  
Risk that employees of Seller claim that their employment terms have been transferred to the Issuer 
by operation of law 
The transfer of the Purchased Vehicles together with the associated Lease Receivables pursuant to the 
Master Hire Purchase Agreement could constitute a transfer of undertaking within the meaning of both 
European law (Council Directive 77/187/EC, as amended by Council Directives 98/50/EC and 2001/23/EC) 
and the laws of The Netherlands (articles 7:662 to 7:666 of the Dutch Civil Code), but only if the transfer of 
the relevant Purchased Vehicles together with the associated Lease Receivables qualifies as a transfer of 
(part of) an ‘economic entity' (onderneming) which retains its identity after the transfer. In that case the 
dedicated employees of the Seller who work for the transferred (part of an) undertaking could successfully 
claim that they have transferred to the Issuer by operation of law. In case of a transfer of undertaking the 
Issuer would be obligated to honor all existing rights and obligations arising from the employment agreements 
between the Seller and its employees at the time of the transfer. 
In this context an ‘economic entity’ is an organised grouping of resources aimed at pursuing an economic 
activity, regardless of whether that activity is central or ancillary. The Purchased Vehicles together with the 
associated Lease Receivables form a substantial part of the Seller's business and as such may qualify as an 
economic entity. However, the transfer of Purchased Vehicles together with the associated Lease 
Receivables will only qualify as "a transfer of (a part of) an '‘economic entity" (overgang van (een onderdeel 
van) een onderneming), if such economic entity has retained its identity after such transfers pursuant to the 
Master Hire Purchase Agreement. In determining whether the identity of the economic entity is retained after 
a transfer, all facts and circumstances in relation to the transfer must be assessed. 
Pursuant to the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, it has been agreed that the obligations pursuant to the 
associated Lease Agreements will not pass to the Issuer until payment of the Final Purchase Instalment and 
based on the Servicing Agreement the obligations pursuant to and services related to the associated Lease 
Agreements will continue to be performed by the Servicer. Therefore, the Seller will in principle continue its 
business activities. The services will only be performed by a substitute servicer upon the appointment of 
Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. as Servicer being terminated. Also, the Issuer will not employ any 
employees. Nevertheless, recent case law shows that even when no or not all operational resources are 
being transferred to a purchaser, it should be assessed on the basis of all factual circumstances whether or

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
not an economic entity retains its identity after the relevant transfer which, if this is the case, can lead to the 
transfer being qualified as a transfer of undertaking.  
Given the factual circumstances of the Transaction as described in the paragraph above, it can be argued 
that the economic entity will not retain its identity in light of the transaction at hand and thus the transaction 
will most likely not qualify as a transfer of an undertaking. This substantially reduces the risk of employees of 
the Seller successfully claiming that their employment terms have transferred from the Seller to the Issuer by 
operation of law for as long as the Servicing Agreement is in place. 
If this risk would materialise this would have an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to make payments under 
the Notes. 
Risk that security rights granted by Issuer in favour of Security Trustee may not always be effective 
or enforceable 
General 
Under or pursuant to the Security Documents, various Dutch law rights of pledge will be granted by the Issuer 
to the Security Trustee. A Dutch right of pledge can serve as security for monetary claims (geldvorderingen) 
only and can only be enforced upon default (verzuim) in the obligations secured thereby. Foreclosure on 
pledged property is to be carried out in accordance with the applicable provisions and limitations of the Dutch 
Civil Code and the Dutch Code of Civil Procedure (Wetboek van Burgerlijke Rechtsvordering). 
The Issuer is a special purpose entity. It has been set up as a bankruptcy-remote entity, mainly in two ways. 
First of all, non-petition wording has been included in the relevant Programme Documents. Notwithstanding 
such wording, it is possible that a Dutch court would deal with a petition for bankruptcy (faillissement), even 
if such petition was presented in breach of a non-petition covenant. However, secondly, recourse by the 
Noteholders and the Programme Parties to the Issuer has been limited to the Secured Assets. It is therefore 
unlikely that there will be an Insolvency Event with respect to the Issuer. Should there nevertheless be an 
Insolvency Event with respect to the Issuer, the Security Trustee as pledgee can exercise the rights afforded 
by the laws of The Netherlands to pledgees as if there was no bankruptcy (faillissement) or moratorium of 
payments (surseance van betaling). However, the Issuer's insolvency would affect the position of the Security 
Trustee as pledgee in some respects under the laws of The Netherlands. 
Limitations on security over future receivables 
Under the relevant Pledge Agreements, the Issuer will pledge all of its present and future receivables. This 
will include a pledge over all Lease Receivables. Under The laws of The Netherlands an undisclosed right of 
pledge (stil pandrecht) can be established over future rights, provided that such rights directly result from an 
existing legal relationship (rechtstreeks zullen worden verkregen uit een bestaande rechtsverhouding). 
However, the right of pledge over a future right will only be perfected at the time such right comes into 
existence provided that, at that time, the pledgor is authorised to dispose over or encumber such right 
(beschikkingsbevoegd). Therefore, if a future right directly resulting from an existing legal relationship comes 
into existence after the Issuer has been declared bankrupt or granted a moratorium of payments, such right 
will not be subject to the security right created by the relevant Security Document and will, in those 
circumstances, become part of the insolvent estate of the Issuer, free from encumbrances (onbezwaard). 
Pledge of Lease Receivables 
The Issuer has created an undisclosed right of pledge in favour of the Security Trustee over any and all Lease 
Receivables resulting from the Lease Agreements, including, but not limited to, the Lease Interest 
Components, Lease Principal Components and Lease Servicing Components due under such Lease 
Agreements by the Lessees. As long as no notification of this right of pledge is given to the Lessees, the 
Security Trustee shall not be entitled (i) to collect such Lease Receivables or (ii) to any Lease Receivables 
paid to the Issuer prior to notification. The Lease Receivables Pledge Agreement contains the events upon 
the occurrence of which notification will be made to the Lessees. 
Lease receivables are deemed to be future receivables which only come into existence after the lessor has 
complied with its obligations under the lease agreement (see the paragraph "Limitations on security over 
future receivables" above). In respect of the Lease Receivables Pledge Agreement this means that any Lease

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
Receivables that will only come into existence or will only be acquired by the Issuer after it is declared 
bankrupt or granted a moratorium of payments will not be subject to the right of pledge created thereon and 
these Lease Receivables will fall into the insolvent estate of the Issuer. The Security Trustee will therefore 
not have any security right or any right of preference in respect of the proceeds of these Lease Receivables. 
Risk relating to non-possessory pledge of Leased Vehicles 
Pursuant to the Sellers Vehicles Pledge Agreements and the Issuer Vehicles Pledge Agreement, the Seller 
and the Issuer, respectively, will create and/or will create in advance (bij voorbaat) a non-possessory 
(bezitloos) right of pledge on the Purchased Vehicles in favour of the Security Trustee. This means that the 
pledge has not been disclosed to the Lessees. Pursuant to the laws of The Netherlands a non-possessory 
right of pledge will rank junior to any new possessory pledge (vuistpand) of a third party acting in good faith. 
It should be noted that the Seller and the Issuer will covenant that it shall not dispose of or encumber the 
Purchased Vehicles other than in accordance with the Programme Documents. Upon a sale of the Purchased 
Vehicles for consideration to a third party who is acting in good faith, and such Leased Vehicles having been 
transferred by the Seller or the Issuer to the third party, the Security Trustee's non-possessory right of pledge 
will terminate. 
The right of pledge on the Purchased Vehicles granted by the Seller to the Security Trustee under the Sellers 
Vehicles Pledge Agreement will secure the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Secured Obligations. 
Under the laws of The Netherlands there is uncertainty as to whether the granting of security on assets by a 
company in order to secure the obligations of a third party that is not a direct or an indirect subsidiary of such 
company, is or can be regarded to be in furtherance of the objects of that company, and consequently, 
whether such security may be voidable or unenforceable on the basis of article 2:7 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
Said provision gives a company the right to invoke the nullity of a legal act performed by it if (i) as a result of 
such legal act, the company's objects were exceeded, and (ii) the other party was aware or, without personal 
investigation, should have been aware thereof. In determining whether the granting of such security is in 
furtherance of the objects of the company, it is important to take into account (a) the wording of the objects 
clause in the articles of association of the company; and (b) whether it is in the interest of the company, i.e. 
whether the company derives any commercial benefit from the overall transaction in respect of which such 
security was granted. With regard to (a) it is noted that the objects clause in the articles of association of the 
Seller expressly includes the granting of security for obligations of other parties (including, but not limited, to 
third parties which are not a direct or indirect subsidiary of the Seller). With regard to (b) it is noted that the 
Seller is expected to derive benefit from the Programme in respect of which said right of pledge will be vested, 
since the transactions envisaged by the Programme Documents enable the Issuer to enter into the Master 
Hire Purchase Agreement under which the Seller will receive the Purchase Price for the Purchased Vehicles. 
As to the risk that the right of pledge on a Vehicle is not validly created due to the fact that the Vehicle at the 
time of creation of the right of pledge was located outside The Netherlands, see below under "Location of the 
Vehicles– Risk that Purchased Vehicles are not validly transferred to the Issuer". See further the paragraphs 
"BOVAG; possessory liens and third party encumbrances of third parties" which apply mutatis mutandis. 
Rights over Purchased Vehicles ranking senior to the security rights 
Possessory liens (retentierechten) over the Purchased Vehicles such as those envisaged by the BOVAG will 
as a matter of the laws of The Netherlands in principle rank senior to the right of pledge of the Security 
Trustee. 
Limitations in respect of foreclosure 
Under the laws of The Netherlands, a holder of a Dutch security right can exercise the rights afforded by law 
to it as if there was no bankruptcy (faillissement) or moratorium of payments (surseance van betaling) of the 
security provider. However, a bankruptcy or moratorium of payments of a Dutch security provider would limit 
the rights of the security holder in some respects, the most important limitations of which are the following: 
(i) 
notification of an undisclosed right of pledge can be validly given to the debtors after the pledgor has 
been declared bankrupt or a moratorium of payment has been declared in respect of the pledgor, 
provided that such debtors have not, prior to due receipt of such notice, initiated payment of the 
relevant pledged receivables;

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
(ii) 
if, in respect of the pledge of receivables, the debtors of such receivables have validly discharged 
their debts by making payments to the Insolvency Official in the relevant company's bankruptcy rather 
than to the pledgee, the Security Trustee as pledgee will have a highly preferred claim in respect of 
the monies so paid, but will not be able to enforce its rights as if there were no bankruptcy and the 
Security Trustee as pledgee will have to share in the bankruptcy costs (i.e., because a pro rata share 
of such costs will be payable out of the proceeds, the net proceeds received will be less) and will 
only receive such net proceeds at the end of the bankruptcy or at the occasion of the intermediary 
payments (tussentijdse uitkeringen);  
(iii) 
a moratorium (afkoelingsperiode) of up to four months may be imposed during each type of 
insolvency proceedings by court order. If such a moratorium is imposed, enforcement of a right of 
pledge (without the court's consent) is prevented during such period; and 
(iv) 
pursuant to article 58 paragraph 1 of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act an Insolvency Official can force the 
Security Trustee to enforce its security interest within a reasonable time, failing which the Insolvency 
Official will be entitled to sell the pledged rights and receivables and distribute the proceeds to the 
Security Trustee. 
Parallel Debt 
It is intended that the Issuer and the Seller grant rights of pledge to the Security Trustee for the benefit of the 
Programme Creditors. However, under German and Dutch law there is no concept of trust and it is generally 
assumed that under German and Dutch law a right of pledge cannot be validly created in favour of a person 
who is not the creditor of the claim that the right of pledge purports to secure. Under German and Dutch law, 
a 'parallel debt' structure (such as the Parallel Debt created under the Trust Agreement) can be used to give 
a trustee its own, separate, independent claim on identical terms as the relevant creditors. It is noted that 
there is no statutory law or case law available on the validity and enforceability of a claim such as the Parallel 
Debt or the security provided for such debts. However, the Issuer has been advised that there are no reasons 
why a parallel debt such as the Parallel Debt will not create a claim of the pledgee (the Security Trustee) 
thereunder which can be validly secured by security rights such as the security rights created pursuant to the 
Security Documents. If the Parallel Debt will not create a claim of the Security Trustee the security rights 
purported to be granted to the Security Trustee may not be valid. 
Any payments in respect of the Parallel Debt and any proceeds of the Security (in each case to the extent 
received by the Security Trustee) are in the case of an Insolvency of the Security Trustee not separated from 
the Security Trustee's other assets, so the Programme Creditors accept a credit risk on the Security Trustee. 
However, the Security Trustee is a special purpose entity and is therefore unlikely that there will be an 
Insolvency Event with respect to the Security Trustee. 
Remaining lease rights and obligations 
As of the relevant Cut-Off Date, the risk and benefit relating to a Purchased Vehicle will be for the account of 
the Issuer. The obligations of the Seller in respect of the Purchased Vehicle will remain with the Seller until 
such time as the Issuer acquires full title to the relevant Purchased Vehicle. The same applies to any rights 
of the Seller under the Lease Agreements associated with the Purchased Vehicles that are not capable of 
being assigned and do not qualify as proceeds.  
Insurance 
In relation to each Purchased Vehicle, at least two types of insurance are relevant: car body and third party 
liability insurance. 
Certain Purchased Vehicles are not subject to car body insurance, in which cases the Seller takes the risk of 
car body damage in its own books. As between the Lessee and the Lessor, unless a specific car body 
insurance has been agreed, the risk of car body insurance in principle lies with the lessor/owner of the Vehicle. 
The Lease Servicing Component generally includes a component for car body insurance or for the Seller 
bearing the risk of car body damages. 
In relation to the third party liability insurance the applicable insurance policy in many cases provides that in 
the case of a change of ownership of the relevant Vehicle (or termination of the Lease Agreement), the

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
insurance policy will in principle terminate. Pursuant to the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, full title to a 
Purchased Vehicle is envisaged to pass to the Issuer upon payment of all relevant Purchase Instalments.  
This would mean that the Issuer will become responsible to enter into the relevant insurances, which may 
result in additional obligations for the Issuer, which in turn may result in losses on the Notes. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. is acting in a number of capacities in connection with the 
Programme. Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. will have only those duties and responsibilities 
expressly agreed to by it in the relevant agreement and will not, by virtue of it or any of its Affiliates' acting in 
any other capacity, be deemed to have any other duties or responsibilities or be deemed to be held to a 
standard of care other than as expressly provided in each agreement to which it is a party. Volkswagen Pon 
Financial Services B.V. in its various capacities in connection with the Programme may enter into business 
dealings from which it may derive revenues and profits without any duty to account therefore to any other 
Programme Parties. 
Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. may hold and/or service claims against Lessees other than the 
Purchased Receivables. The interests or obligations of Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. in its 
respective capacities with respect to such other claims may in certain aspects conflict with the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. may freely engage in other commercial relationships with other 
parties. In such relationship, Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. is not obliged to take into account the 
interests of the Noteholders. Accordingly, because of these relationships, potential conflicts of interest may 
arise. 
No active and liquid secondary market for Leased Vehicles and associated Lease Receivables 
The ability of the Issuer to redeem all the Notes in full whilst any of the Portfolio remains outstanding, may 
depend on whether the Lease Receivables and the Purchased Vehicles can be sold, otherwise realised or 
refinanced by the Issuer or the Security Trustee so as to obtain a sufficient amount available for the distribution 
to enable the Issuer to redeem the Notes. There is not yet an active and liquid secondary market for lease 
receivables in The Netherlands. No assurance can be given that the Issuer or the Security Trustee (for 
example, in circumstances where it would be required to enforce the Security) is able to sell, otherwise realise 
or refinance the Purchased Vehicles together with the associated Lease Receivables on appropriate terms 
should it be necessary for it to do so at the levels anticipated when setting the Estimated Residual Value. 
The Call Option Buyer is entitled to repurchase a Purchased Vehicle to the extent such Purchased Vehicle is 
not associated to a Defaulted Receivable together with the associated Lease Receivables on the relevant 
Lease Termination Date, provided that if an Insolvency Event has occurred with respect to a Lessee the Call 
Option Buyer may only exercise its Repurchase Option with respect to all (but not some of the) Purchased 
Vehicles relating to such Lessee and the Seller can be requested to do so to the extent the Issuer exercises 
its Put Option. If the Call Option Buyer elects not to repurchase the Purchased Vehicles together with the 
associated Lease Receivables in accordance with the Master Hire Purchase Agreement or the Issuer elects 
not to exercise its Put Option, the Purchased Vehicles will be sold by the Servicer in the open market on 
behalf of and for the account of the Issuer. There is no guarantee that there will be a market for the sale of 
such Purchased Vehicles, which are in a used condition, or that such market will not deteriorate in the future. 
Noteholders should also be aware that there may be a very limited market for certain of the Purchased 
Vehicles (particularly those manufactured for certain specialised industrial roles or processes or certain 
public-utility vehicles) and there is no guarantee that there will be a market for the sale of such Purchased 
Vehicles, which are of a specialised nature and will be in a used condition, or that such market will not 
deteriorate in the future. 
Further, any deterioration in the economic condition of the areas in which the final users of the Purchased 
Vehicles are located, or any deterioration in the economic conditions of other areas, may have an adverse 
effect on the ability to sell the Purchased Vehicles, which could in turn increase the risk of receiving a sale 
price in respect of the Purchased Vehicles at the Lease Maturity Date which is below the expected sale price.

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
A concentration of customers in such areas may, therefore, result in a greater risk that the Noteholders will 
ultimately not receive the full principal amount of the Notes and interest thereon as a result of such uncovered 
losses incurred in respect of the expected sale proceeds than if such concentration has not been present. 
Noteholders should be aware that there has been a downturn in the second-hand car market in The 
Netherlands which has started to improve to a certain extent. To the extent that such improvement will only 
last temporarily or new deteriorations occur, this could have an adverse effect on the amount received by the 
Issuer in respect of the residual value of the Purchased Vehicles. 
After the Council of the European Union decided on 29 June 2022 that as of 2035 only zero-emission vehicles 
shall be newly registered in the member states of the European Union, the European Parliament and Council 
have reached an provisional agreement on 28 October 2022 which manifests such aim towards zero-emission 
mobility. This provisional agreement has been endorsed by the European Parliament on 14 February 2023, 
which sets the path for a new legislation containing new CO2 standards which require average emissions of 
new cars to come down by 55% by 2030, and new vans by 50% by 2030. Although the newly approved CO2 
emissions reduction targets for new passenger cars and light commercial vehicles will have to be formally 
adopted by the Council, it is likely to already have an adverse impact on the residual values of Leased 
Vehicles with combustion engines. Such impact may result in lower proceeds in case of a sale of or 
enforcement on Leased Vehicles and, therefore may impact the Issuer’s ability to make payments under the 
Notes. 
Changing characteristics of the Portfolio during the Revolving Period 
During the Revolving Period, if the Seller offers to the Issuer to enter into Hire Purchase Contracts with respect 
to any Additional Leased Vehicles under the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, the Issuer shall (i) hire 
purchase Additional Leased Vehicles together with the associated Lease Receivables subject to and in 
accordance with the Master Hire Purchase Agreement and (ii) apply the Available Distribution Amount, 
subject to and in accordance with the Order of Priority, towards the making of any Additional Issuer Advances 
subject to and in accordance with the Issuer Facility Agreement. The hire purchase of Additional Leased 
Vehicles together with the associated Lease Receivables during the Revolving Period may change the 
characteristics of the Portfolio after the Closing Date and the characteristics of the Portfolio could become 
different from the characteristics of the Initial Portfolio. These differences could result in faster or slower 
principal repayments or greater losses on the Notes. 
Risks Resulting from Data Protection Rules 
Since 25 May 2018, the Regulation (EU) 2015/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 
2016 (the "General Data Protection Regulation") applies and, together with the German Data Protection 
Amendment and Implementation Act (Datenschutzanpassungs- und Umsetzungsgesetz), and the Dutch 
GDPR Implementation Act (Uitvoeringswet Algemene verordening gegevensbescherming) which implements 
Directive (EU) 2016/680 of the European Parliament and the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of 
natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data, replaced the German Federal Data Protection 
Act (Bundesdatenschutzgesetz) and the Dutch Privacy Act (Wet bescherming persoonsgegevens). 
Pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation, a transfer of personal data is permitted, inter alia, if (i) 
the data subject has given consent to the processing of his or her personal data for one or more specific 
purposes or (ii) processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the controller 
or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and 
freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. In order to take these principles into 
account, the Seller has appointed the Data Protection Trustee.  There is, however, no jurisprudence or 
publication from a court or other competent authority available confirming the traditional view on the manner 
and procedures for an assignment of lease receivables to be in compliance with, or the consequences of a 
violation of, the General Data Protection Regulation or the German Data Protection Amendment and 
Implementation Act or Dutch GDPR Implementation Act. Therefore, at this point there remains some 
uncertainty to predict the potential impact on the Programme which, however, may result in the Issuer not 
receiving sufficient Collections to redeem part or all of the Notes.

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
Industry concentration of Lessees 
Although the Lessees are involved in a range of different industry sectors, there may be a higher concentration 
of Lessees in a particular industry sector, either as a result of the purchase of Leased Vehicles and the 
associated Lease Receivables by the Issuer after the Closing Date or otherwise. Deterioration in the economic 
conditions in such industry sector may adversely affect the ability of the Lessees to make payments under 
the Lease Agreements and, therefore, could increase the risk of losses on the Lease Agreements. Any such 
deterioration may reduce the market for any Purchased Vehicles especially where such a Purchased Vehicle 
is a specialist or industry-specific vehicle. A greater concentration of Lessees in particular industry sectors 
may, therefore, result in a greater risk that the Noteholders will ultimately not receive the full principal amount 
of the Notes and interest thereon as a result of such uncovered losses incurred in respect of the Lease 
Agreements than if such concentration had not been present. 
Potential adverse changes to the value and/or composition of the Portfolio 
No assurances can be given that the value associated with a Purchased Vehicle has not depreciated or will 
not depreciate at a rate greater than the rate at which it was expected to do so on the date of origination of 
the associated Lease Receivables. If this has happened or happens in the future, or if the used car market in 
The Netherlands should experience a downturn, then any such scenario could have an adverse effect on the 
ability of Lessees to repay amounts under the relevant Lease Agreements and/or the likely amount to be 
recovered upon a sale of the Purchased Vehicles. This could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to 
make payments on the Notes. The foregoing also applies in case of possible changes to Dutch (tax) law and 
or ancillary regulations. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible change to Dutch (tax) 
law or administrative practice in The Netherlands on the value associated with a Purchased Vehicle after the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
IV. RISKS RELATED TO REGULATORY CHANGES
Risk retention and due diligence requirements 
Investors, to which the Securitisation Regulation is applicable, should make themselves aware of the 
requirements of Article 5 of the Securitisation Regulation, in addition to any other regulatory requirements 
applicable to them with respect to their investment in the Notes. 
The Securitisation Regulation replaced the former risk retention requirements by one single provision, Article 
6 of the Securitisation Regulation, providing for a new direct obligation on originators to retain risk. Article 5 
(1)(c) of the Securitisation Regulation requires institutional investors as defined in Article 2 (12) of the 
Securitisation Regulation (which term also includes an insurance or reinsurance undertaking as defined in 
the Solvency II Regulation and an alternative investment fund manager as defined in the AIFM Regulation) 
to verify that, if established in the European Union, the originator, sponsor or original lender retains on an 
ongoing basis a material net economic interest in accordance with Article 6 of the Securitisation Regulation 
and the risk retention is disclosed to the institutional investor in accordance with Article 7(1)(e) of the 
Securitisation Regulation. 
With respect to the commitment of the Seller, in its capacity as originator, to retain a material net economic 
interest with respect to the Programme, following the issuance of Notes as contemplated by Article 6(3)(c) of 
the Securitisation Regulation, the Seller will retain, for the life of the Programme, such net economic interest 
through an interest in randomly selected exposures. Such interest in randomly selected exposures has been 
and will be equivalent to no less than 5 per cent. of the nominal value of the securitised exposures, where 
such non-securitised exposures would otherwise have been securitised in the Programme, on an ongoing 
basis provided that the level of retention may reduce over time in compliance with Article 10 (2) of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2175 of 7 July 2023. The Seller in its capacity as servicer will 
service all of the retained exposures, the securitised exposures and comparable exposures held on its 
balance sheet in accordance with its customary practices in effect from time to time. 
The outstanding balance of the retained exposures may be reduced over time by, amongst other things, 
amortisation and allocation of losses or defaults on the underlying Purchased Receivables. The Monthly 
Investor Reports will also set out monthly confirmation as to the Seller's continued holding of the original 
retained exposures.

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
It should be noted that there is no certainty that references to the retention obligations of the Seller in this 
Base Prospectus will constitute explicit disclosure (on the part of the Seller) or adequate due diligence (on 
the part of the Noteholders) for the purposes of Article 5 of the Securitisation Regulation. 
Article 5 of the Securitisation Regulation places an obligation on institutional investors (as defined in the 
Securitisation Regulation) before investing in a securitisation and thereafter, to analyse, understand and 
stress test their securitisation positions and monitor on an ongoing basis in a timely manner performance 
information on the exposures underlying their securitisation positions. After the Issue Date, VWPFS as 
designated reporting entity under Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation will prepare Monthly Investor 
Reports wherein relevant information with regard to the Purchased Receivables will be disclosed publicly 
together with an overview of the retention of the material net economic interest by the Seller in accordance 
with the Securitisation Regulation Disclosure Requirements and will make such information available via the 
Securitisation Repository. 
Where the relevant retention requirements are not complied with in any material respect and there is 
negligence or omission in the fulfilment of the due diligence obligations on the part of a credit institution that 
is investing in the Notes, a proportionate additional risk weight of no less than 250 per cent. of the risk weight 
(with the total risk weight capped at 1250 per cent.) which would otherwise apply to the relevant securitisation 
position will be imposed on such credit institution, progressively increasing with each subsequent infringement 
of the due diligence provisions.  
If the Seller does not comply with its obligations under Article 6 of the Securitisation Regulation, the ability of 
the Noteholders to sell and/or the price investors receive for, the Notes in the secondary market may be 
adversely affected. 
Following the issuance of Notes, relevant investors, to which the Securitisation Regulation is applicable, are 
required to independently assess and determine the sufficiency of the information described above for the 
purposes of complying with Article 5 of the Securitisation Regulation. 
The European Commission has adopted technical standards to be made pursuant to Article 6(7) of the 
Securitisation Regulation. Noteholders should take their own advice and/or seek guidance from their regulator 
on compliance with, and the application of, the provisions of Article 6 of the Securitisation Regulation in 
particular. 
Securitisation Regulation and simple, transparent and standardised securitisation
Although the Programme has been structured to comply with the requirements for simple, transparent and 
standardised securitisations transactions as set out in Articles 20, 21 and 22 of the Securitisation Regulation 
and has been verified by STS Verification International GmbH on 25 November 2019, in its capacity as third 
party verification agent authorised pursuant to Article 28 of the Securitisation Regulation, and such verification 
has been confirmed on each annual renewal date since then, no guarantee can be given that it maintains this 
status throughout its lifetime. The designation of the Programme as compliant with Articles 20, 21 and 22 of 
the Securitisation Regulation does not constitute, nor shall be regarded as constituting, a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities. Noteholders and potential investors should verify the current status of the 
Programme on ESMA's register. Non-compliance with such status may result in higher capital requirements 
for investors as an investment in the Notes would not benefit from Articles 243, 260, 262 and 264 of the CRR. 
Furthermore, following STS classification, any non-compliance could result in various administrative 
sanctions and/or remedial measures being imposed on the Issuer which may be payable or reimbursable by 
the Issuer. As the Order of Priority does not foresee a reimbursement of the Issuer for the payment of any of 
such administrative sanctions and/or remedial measures the repayment of the Notes may be adversely 
affected. 
Under Regulation (EU) 2017/2401 amending Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (the "CRR Amendment 
Regulation") the risk weights applicable to securitisation exposures for credit institutions and investment 
firms have been substantially increased, depending on the features of the particular securitisation exposure. 
Prospective investors should carefully consider (and, where appropriate, take independent advice) in relation 
to the capital charges associated with an investment in the Notes. In particular, investors should carefully 
consider the capital charges associated with an investment in the Notes for credit institutions and investment 
firms, depending on the particular exposure. These effects may include, but are not limited to, a decrease in

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
demand for the Notes in the secondary market, which may lead to a decreased price for the Notes. It may 
also lead to decreased liquidity and increased volatility in the secondary market. Prospective investors are 
themselves responsible for monitoring and assessing changes to the EU risk retention rules and their 
regulatory capital requirements.  
Investor compliance with due diligence requirements under the UK Securitisation Regulation 
Following the UK’s withdrawal from the EU at the end of 2020, the Securitisation Regulation as it applies in 
the United Kingdom (together with applicable directions, secondary legislation, guidance, binding technical 
standards and related documents published by the FCA and the PRA of the United Kingdom) (the "UK 
Securitisation Regulation") became applicable in the UK largely mirroring (with some adjustments) the 
securitisation regulation as it applied in the EU at the end of 2020. However, from 1 November 2024, the UK 
Securitisation Regulation is revoked and replaced with a new recast regime introduced under the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and related thereto (i) the Securitisation Regulations 
2024 (SI 2024/102), as amended ("SR 2024"); as well as (ii) the Securitisation Part of the Prudential 
Regulation Authority (PRA) Rulebook (the "PRA Securitisation Rules") and the securitisation sourcebook 
("SECN") of the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) Handbook (collectively, the "UK Securitisation 
Framework"). The UK Securitisation Framework applies to this Transaction.  
The reforms were introduced under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2023 as part of the "Edinburgh 
Reforms" of UK financial services unveiled on 9 December 2022. On 29 January 2024, HM Treasury made 
the SR 2024 which empowers the FCA and the PRA to make rules applicable to securitisation market 
participants. On 30 April 2024, the FCA Policy Statement 24/4: Rules relating to securitisation and the PRA 
Policy Statement 7/24 – Securitisation: General requirements were published. The new UK Securitisation 
Framework is being introduced in phases.  
It should be noted that the implementation of the UK Securitisation Framework is a protracted process and 
will be introduced in phases. The first phase was the publication of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2023 (Commencement No 7) Regulations 2024 on 2 September 2024, which revoked the previous UK 
Securitisation Regulation regime and replaced it with the recast SR 2024 with effect from 1 November 2024. 
In 2025, it is expected that there will be a phase two to the reforms whereby the UK government, the PRA 
and the FCA will consult on further changes including, but not limited to, the recast of the transparency and 
reporting requirements. Therefore, at this stage, not all the details are known on the implementation of the 
UK Securitisation Framework. 
Please note that some divergence between EU and UK regimes exists already. While the Recast UK SR 
regime bring some alignment with the EU regime, it also introduces new points of divergence and the risk of 
further divergence between EU and UK regimes cannot be ruled out in the longer term as it is not known at 
this stage how the ongoing reforms or any future reforms will be finalised and implemented in the UK or the 
EU. 
The UK Securitisation Framework includes investor due diligence requirements as prescribed under Article 5 
of Chapter 2 of the PRA Securitisation Rules (the "PRA Due Diligence Rules"), SECN 4 (the "FCA Due 
Diligence Rules") and regulations 32B, 32C and 32D of the 2024 UK SR SI (the "OPS Due Diligence 
Rules"), with respect to occupational pension schemes with their main administration in the United Kingdom) 
(the "UK Due Diligence Rules").Among other things, prior to holding a securitisation position, such 
institutional investors are required to verify certain matters with respect to compliance of the relevant 
transaction parties with credit granting standards, risk retention and transparency requirements and, on 
transactions notified as a simple, transparent and standardised securitisation, compliance of that transaction 
with the EU or UK STS requirements, as applicable. If the UK Due Diligence Rules are not satisfied then, 
depending on the regulatory requirements applicable to such UK institutional investors, an additional risk 
weight, regulatory capital charge and/or other regulatory sanction may be applied to such securitisation 
investment and/or imposed on such UK institutional investor. 
In respect of the UK Due Diligence Rules, potential UK institutional investors (as defined in the UK 
Securitisation Framework) should note in particular that: 
 
in respect of the risk retention requirements set out in 5.2.8R(1)(c), VWPFS, in its capacity as 
originator, commits to retain a material net economic interest with respect to this Transaction in 
compliance with Article 6(3)(c) of the Securitisation Regulation and Article 6 of Commission

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2175 of 7 July 2023 or any successor delegated regulation only 
and not in compliance with 5.2.8R(1)(c), and 
 
in respect of the transparency requirements set out in SECN 6.2.1(R), the Servicer in its capacity as 
designated reporting entity under Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation will make use of the 
standardised templates developed by ESMA in respect of the Securitisation Regulation Disclosure 
Requirements for the purposes of this Transaction and will not make use of the standardised 
templates adopted by the FCA.  
No assurance can be given that the information included in this Base Prospectus or provided in accordance 
with the Securitisation Regulation Disclosure Requirements will be sufficient for the purposes of assisting 
such UK institutional investors in complying with their due diligence obligations under the UK Due Diligence 
Rules.  
Therefore, relevant UK institutional investors are required to independently assess and determine the 
sufficiency of the information described in this Base Prospectus for the purposes of complying with Part 7 of 
the UK Securitisation Regulation (including any changes as a result of the UK SR Reforms), and any 
corresponding national measures which may be relevant to investors, and no assurance can be given that 
this is the case. None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Lead Manager, the Security Trustee, the Servicer, the 
Seller or any of the other Programme Parties makes any representation that any such information described 
in this Base Prospectus is sufficient in all circumstances for such purposes. 
The UK Securitisation Framework makes provisions for a securitisation transaction to be designated as an 
STS Securitisation. Under the UK Securitisation Framework, securitisation transactions which have been 
notified to ESMA prior to 30 June 2026 as meeting the requirements to qualify as an STS Securitisation under 
the Securitisation Framework can also qualify as an STS Securitisation under the UK Securitisation 
Framework, provided that the securitisation transaction remains on the ESMA register and continues to meet 
the requirements for STS Securitisations under the securitisation regulation. This Transaction is not intended 
to be designated as an STS Securitisation for the purposes of the UK Securitisation Framework. Investors 
should therefore consider the consequence from a regulatory perspective of the Notes not being considered 
an STS Securitisation, including (but not limited to) that the lack of such designation may negatively affect the 
regulatory position of the Notes and, in addition, have a negative effect on the price and liquidity of the Notes 
in the secondary market. 
U.S. Risk Retention 
The Programme will not involve risk retention by the Seller for the purposes of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, 
but rather will be made in reliance on an exemption provided for in Section __.20 of the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules regarding non-U.S. transactions. Such non-U.S. transactions must meet certain requirements, 
including that (1) the transaction is not required to be and is not registered under the Securities Act; (2) no 
more than 10 per cent. of the dollar value (or equivalent amount in the currency in which the securities are 
issued) of all classes of securities issued in the securitisation transaction are sold or transferred to U.S. 
persons (in each case, as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules) or for the account or benefit of U.S. 
persons (as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules and referred to in this Base Prospectus as "Risk 
Retention U.S. Persons"); (3) neither the sponsor nor the issuer of the securitisation transaction is organised 
under U.S. law or is a branch located in the United States of a non-U.S. entity; and (4) no more than 25 per 
cent. of the underlying collateral was acquired from a majority-owned affiliate or branch of the sponsor or 
issuer organised or located in the United States. 
There can be no assurance that the exemption provided for in Section __.20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules 
regarding non-U.S. transactions will be available.  Failure of the offering of the Notes to comply with the U.S. 
Risk Retention Rules (regardless of the reason for such failure to comply) could give rise to regulatory action 
which may adversely affect the Notes.  Furthermore, the impact of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules on the 
securitisation market generally is uncertain, and a failure by a transaction to comply with the risk retention 
requirements of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules could negatively affect the market value and secondary market 
liquidity of the Notes.

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
Reform of EURIBOR Determinations 
EURIBOR qualifies as a benchmark (a "Benchmark") within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC 
and 2014/17/EC and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"), which is applicable 
since 1 January 2018. Currently, EURIBOR has been identified as a "critical benchmark" within the meaning 
of the Benchmarks Regulation. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to "contributors", "administrators" and 
"users" of benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) in the EU, and among other things, (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of 
benchmarks and (ii) ban the use of benchmarks of unauthorised administrators. EURIBOR is administered 
by European Money Markets Institute which is registered in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus. Should the European Money Markets Institute become de-registered from ESMA's register 
of administrators and benchmarks, there is a risk that the use of EURIBOR might be banned in accordance 
with the Benchmarks Regulation.  
Furthermore, it is not possible to ascertain as at the date of this Base Prospectus (i) what the impact of the 
Benchmarks Regulation will be on the determination of EURIBOR in the future, which could adversely affect 
the value of the Notes, (ii) how changes in accordance with the Benchmarks Regulation may impact the 
determination of EURIBOR for the purposes of the Notes and the Swap Agreements, (iii) whether any 
changes in accordance with the Benchmarks Regulation will result in a sudden or prolonged increase or 
decrease in EURIBOR rates or (iv) whether changes in accordance with the Benchmarks Regulation will have 
an adverse impact on the liquidity or the market value of the Notes and the payment of interest thereunder. 
Any consequential changes to EURIBOR as a result of the European Union, or other international, national, 
or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further uncertainty in relation to the 
timing and manner of implementation of such changes could have a material adverse effect on the value of 
and return on the Notes. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing 
to administer or participate in certain Benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules of methodologies used in 
certain Benchmarks, adversely affect the performance of a Benchmark or lead to the disappearance of certain 
Benchmarks. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, shall have 
the right to determine a Substitute Reference Rate in its due discretion, but subject to a prior coordination 
with the Security Trustee, to replace EURIBOR. There can be no assurance, however, that an appropriate 
Substitute Reference Rate will be available in such a situation and, if available, that the Substitute Reference 
Rate will generate interest payments under the Notes resulting in the Noteholders receiving the same yield 
that he would have received had EURIBOR been applied for the remaining life of the Notes. Furthermore, as 
alternative or reformed reference rates to replace the EURIBOR calculated according to their original 
methodology are still in the process of being identified and developed by or with the involvement of 
administrators, contributors, central banks, supervisory authorities and market participants, it cannot be 
predicted at the date of this Base Prospectus what such Substitute Reference Rate would be. Should the 
Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, substitute EURIBOR for a Substitute Reference Rate, this could negatively 
affect the yield and the market value of the Notes. If the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, does not make use 
of its right to determine a Substitute Reference Rate, interest payable on the Notes will be determined in 
reliance on the ordinary fallback mechanism set forth in the Conditions. In a situation where EURIBOR has 
definitely ceased to exist, no such quotes might be provided, in which event interest payable under the Notes 
would be determined on the basis of the rate(s) shown on the relevant screen page of the relevant information 
vendor on last day on which such screen rate was available, effectively turning floating rate notes into Notes 
with fixed interest payments. The application of this fallback mechanism could have significant negative 
effects on the yield and the market value of the Notes, particularly because EURIBOR immediately prior to 
its definite disappearance might be subject to high volatility. 
Basel Capital Accord and regulatory capital requirements 
The European authorities have incorporated the Basel III framework into EU law, primarily through Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit 
institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 
2002/87/EC and repealing Directive 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC (Capital Requirements Directive – "CRD"), 
as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of 20 May 2019 (the "CRD V") and Directive (EU) 2024/1619 of 31 
May 2024 (the "CRD VI"), and the CRR, as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of 20 May 2019 (the "CRR

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
II") and Regulation (EU) 2024/1623 of 31 May 2024 (the "CRR III"). The CRR III will apply as of 1 January 
2025. In respect of the CRD VI Member States will have 18 months to transpose the directive into national 
legislation.  
CRR III implements changes to the output floor which had been introduced to reduce excessive variability of 
banks’ capital requirements calculated with internal models. The output floor will be implemented on a 
transitional basis starting with 50% as of 1 January 2025 and ending with 72.5% from 1 January 2030 
onwards. CRR III also implements changes to the p-factor, for exposures that are risk weighted using the 
SEC-IRBA or the Internal Assessment Approach and, which shall, until 31 December 2032, apply the 
following factor p: (a) p = 0,25 for a STS (b) p = 0,5 for non-STS. Further key changes of CRR III are changes 
to the risk weight provisions. 
Additionally, Regulation (EU) No 2015/61 of 10 October 2014 (the "LCR Regulation") sets out assumed 
asset inflow and outflow rates to better reflect actual experience in times of stress. On 19 November 2018, 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2018/1620 amending the LCR Regulation (the "Delegated Regulation") entered 
into force, pursuant to which, inter alia, transactions exposures of securitisations, which qualify as simple, 
transparent and standardised securitisations in accordance with the Securitisation Regulation, shall qualify 
as Level 2B high quality liquid assets, if they additionally fulfil the conditions laid down in Article 13 of the LCR 
Regulation.  
The CRR III and the CRD VI could affect the risk-based capital treatment of the Notes for investors which are 
subject to bank capital adequacy requirements under these provisions or implementing measures and may 
have negative implications on the cost of regulatory capital for certain investors and thereby on the overall 
return from an investment of the Notes and the liquidity of the Notes. Therefore, investors should consult their 
own advisers as to the regulatory capital requirements in respect of the Notes and as to the consequences 
to and effect on them by the CRR III and the CRD VI and its amendments. No predictions can be made as 
to the precise effects of such matters on any investor or otherwise. There can be no guarantee that the 
regulatory capital treatment of the Notes for investors will not be affected by any future implementation of 
and changes to the CRR III and the CRD VI, or other regulatory or accounting changes. 
V. RISKS RELATED TO TAXATION
The Common Reporting Standard 
The common reporting standard framework was first released by the OECD in February 2014 as a result of 
the G20 members endorsing a global model of automatic exchange of information in order to increase 
international tax transparency. On 21 July 2014, the Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account 
Information in Tax Matters was published by the OECD and this includes the Common Reporting Standard 
("CRS"). The goal of the CRS is to provide for the annual automatic exchange between governments of 
financial account information reported to them by local reporting financial institutions (as defined) ("FIs") 
relating to account holders who are tax resident in other participating jurisdictions.  
Directive 2014/107/EU on Administrative Cooperation in the Field of Taxation ("DAC II") implements CRS in 
a European context and creates a mandatory obligation for all EU Member States to exchange financial 
account information in respect of residents in other EU Member States on an annual basis.  
The Netherlands has enacted legislation in order to implement CRS and DAC II into Dutch law, under which 
Dutch FIs, will be obliged to make a single return in respect of CRS and DAC II. The Issuer is expected to be 
such a Dutch FI for the purposes of CRS and DAC II. For the purposes of complying with its obligations under 
CRS and DAC II, the Issuer shall be entitled to require Noteholders to provide any information regarding their 
own tax status and, in certain circumstances, their controlling persons' tax status, identity or residence in 
order to satisfy any reporting requirements which the Issuer may have as a result of CRS and DAC II and 
Noteholders will be deemed, by their holding, to have authorised the automatic disclosure of such information 
by the Issuer (or any nominated service provider) or any other person to the Dutch tax authorities 
(Belastingdienst). The information will be provided to the Dutch tax authorities (Belastingdienst) who will 
exchange the information with the tax authorities of other participating jurisdictions, as applicable. Failure by 
the Issuer to comply with its CRS and DAC II obligations may result in the Issuer being deemed to be non-
compliant in respect of its CRS obligations and monetary penalties may be imposed as a result under

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
applicable Dutch law. Such monetary penalties may lead to an inability of the Issuer to pay fully or partially 
interest on the Notes and or to redeem part or all of the Notes. 
Conditional withholding tax on interest in The Netherlands  
The Netherlands may levy a withholding tax on (deemed) interest payments pursuant to the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). This withholding tax generally applies to interest 
payments made by an entity tax resident in The Netherlands, like the Issuer, to an affiliated entity and if certain 
other conditions are met. The rate of such tax is equal to the applicable headline corporate income tax rate 
(25.8% in 2024).  
Should this conditional withholding tax on interest fall due, this may have an adverse effect on the Issuer and 
the holders of Notes and their financial position. If withholding or deduction is required under the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021), the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent (as the case 
may be) will make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes for the account of the holder of Notes 
and shall not be obliged to pay any additional amounts to holders of Notes in respect of such withholding or 
deduction. As a result, investors may receive less interest than expected and the return on their Notes could 
be significantly adversely affected. 
In practice, the Issuer may not always be able to assess whether withholding tax must be withheld for the 
account of a holder of Notes. The legislative history is unclear on the Issuer's responsibilities to determine 
the absence of affiliation (one of the requirements) in respect of notes issued in the market, like the Notes. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
When dealing with cases with a U.S. connection the regulations of the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
("FATCA") could apply. Under the FATCA regime and the corresponding local regulations in Luxembourg, 
Germany and The Netherlands specific financial and non-financial institutions are required to exchange tax 
relevant information with tax authorities. A non-compliance with such reporting obligations can result in a duty 
to withhold 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax on, inter alia, interest and other fixed or determinable annual or 
periodical income of persons or entities taxable in the U.S. However, if an amount in respect of such 
withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld either from amounts due to the Issuer or from interest, 
principal or other payments made in respect of the Notes, neither the Issuer nor any paying agent nor any 
other person would, pursuant to the Conditions, be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
deduction or withholding. As a result, investors in the Notes may receive less interest or principal than 
expected.

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
Volkswagen 
Pon Financial 
Services B.V. 
(Seller) 
Letter of comfort
Repayment of 
Subordinated Loan 
subordinated to 
claims of the 
Noteholders
Loan amount
Hire purchase 
Instalment
Loan and payment 
principal and interest 
under the Issuer 
Facility Agreement
Purchase 
Price
Proceeds 
from Issue of 
the Notes
Notes interest 
and principal
Security 
Fixed rate 
payments
Floatingrate
Monthly Servicer 
Reports/Monthly 
Investor Reports
Payments in respect 
of shortfalls
Payments to provide 
the specified Cash 
Collateral Amount
VCL Master Netherlands B.V. 
(Issuer) 
Volkswagen 
Financial 
Services AG 
Volkswagen 
Pon Financial 
Services B.V. 
(Servicer) 
Cash Collateral 
Account
Volkswagen 
Finance 
Overseas B.V 
or any 
successor 
Noteholders
Affiliate of 
Volkswagen AG 
(Subordinated 
Lender) 
Security 
Trustee
Swap 
Counterparty

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
OVERVIEW 
Revolving Period
The period from (and including) the Initial Issue Date and ending on 
(and including) the earlier of (i) the Series Revolving Period Expiration 
Date of the last outstanding Series of Notes and (ii) the occurrence of 
an Early Amortisation Event.  
Expected Ratings on Initial 
Issue Date and any Further 
Issue Date for all Series of 
Class A Notes 
AAA (sf) by Morningstar DBRS  
Aaa (sf) by Moody's  
Expected Ratings on Initial 
Issue Date and any Further 
Issue Date for all Series of 
Class B Notes 
The Class B Notes are not rated. 
Morningstar DBRS is established in the European Union. 
Moody's is established in the European Union. 
According to the press release from European Securities Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") dated 31 October 2011, Morningstar DBRS and 
Moody's have been registered in accordance with the CRA3. 
Reference is made to the list of registered or certified credit rating 
agencies published by ESMA which can be found on following website 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
In accordance with the UK CRA Regulation, the credit ratings assigned 
to the Notes by Morningstar DBRS and Moody's will be endorsed by 
DBRS Ratings Limited and Moody’s Investors Service Ltd., as 
applicable, being rating agencies which are registered with the 
Financial Conduct Authority. 
Form 
Global registered notes under the NSS 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading 
Application will be made for listing on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and for admission to trading of the Notes at the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Clearing 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/ 
Euroclear  
KEY MINIMUM REQUIRED RATING DURING THE TERM OF THE PROGRAMME 
Short-term ratings 
Long-term ratings 
Account Bank Required Rating 
"P-1" from Moody's 
"A2" from Moody's and
"A" from Morningstar DBRS
or

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
Morningstar DBRS Critical 
Obligations Rating of "A 
(high)"  
Eligible Swap Counterparty 
"A3" from Moody's and
"A" from Morningstar DBRS 
or
Morningstar DBRS Critical 
Obligations Rating of "A"

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
LEGAL STRUCTURE OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following paragraphs contain a brief overview of the legal structure of the programme. This overview is 
necessarily incomplete and prospective investors are urged to read the entire Base Prospectus together with 
the relevant Final Terms, carefully for more detailed information.  
The proceeds from the issue of the Notes shall be used to acquire a portfolio of Purchased Vehicles and 
related Lease Receivables from Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. 
The programme is structured in a manner which exposes Noteholders to: 
(a) 
in relation to the Purchased Vehicles, shortfalls that may occur as part of the realisation 
process; and 
(b) 
in relation to the related Lease Receivables, the credit risk of the underlying Lessees. 
To the extent that the Security, or the proceeds of the realisation thereof, and the Issuer's additional 
free assets, if any, prove ultimately insufficient to satisfy the claims of the Noteholders in full, then 
claims in respect of any shortfall will be extinguished and neither the Noteholders nor the Security 
Trustee will have any further claims against the Issuer. Such assets and proceeds shall be deemed 
to be "ultimately insufficient" at such time when, in the opinion of the Security Trustee, no further 
assets are available and no further proceeds can be realised therefrom to satisfy any outstanding 
claims of the Noteholders, and neither assets nor proceeds will be so available thereafter. 
Post-funding situation 
The Issuer has instructed the Security Trustee to act for the Noteholders and the other Programme Creditors 
pursuant to the terms of the Trust Agreement. 
The Issuer has entered into the Servicing Agreement with Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. and 
Stichting Security Trustee VCL Master Netherlands.  
In order to comply with Data Protection Rules, the Seller will make the Encrypted List available to the Issuer 
and will make the Portfolio Decryption Key for the decryption in a secured excel file available to the Data 
Protection Trustee.

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The aggregate net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes during the Revolving Period and the borrowings 
under the Subordinated Loan Agreement have been and will be used to purchase Leased Vehicles and 
related Lease Receivables from the Seller, to advance Issuer Advances to the Seller, to pay costs related to 
the issue of the Notes and to endow the Cash Collateral Account with the sum of the Cash Collateral Amount, 
all as further described for the relevant Series of Notes in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
OVERVIEW OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
General Conditions of the Notes 
No obligation of the Seller whatsoever will arise from the Notes. 
Denomination 
The issue in the aggregate Nominal Amount of up to EUR 1,500,000,000 consists of registered and 
transferable Notes with a Nominal Amount of EUR 100,000 each, ranking equally among themselves. Prior 
to the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, the Class A Notes will (i) with respect to payments of interest 
rank senior to the Class B Notes and will rank pari passu amongst themselves, and (ii) with respect to 
payments of principal, will rank senior to the Class B Notes and will rank pari passu amongst themselves, but 
payments of interest under the Class B Notes will rank senior to payments of principal under the Class A 
Notes. After the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, the Class A Notes will rank senior to the Class B Notes 
with respect to payments of interest and principal and will rank pari passu amongst themselves. Irrespective 
the occurrence of an Enforcement Event the Class A Notes will rank senior to the Subordinated Loan. With 
respect of interest and principal, each of the Class B Notes rank pari passu amongst themselves. The Class 
B Notes rank senior to the Subordinated Loan.  
The foregoing is in each case subject to the Order of Priority. 
Registered Global Notes 
Each Series of Notes will be issued in registered form and represented by a global registered note (the 
"Global Note") without coupons as described in further detail in Condition 1(b) of the terms and conditions 
applicable to such Series.  
Each Global Note shall be deposited with a Common Safekeeper for Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
and be held in book-entry form only in a manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility. Each Global Note will 
bear the personal signature of any director of the sole managing director of the Issuer and will be 
authenticated by one or more employees of the Registrar and will be effectuated by the Common Safekeeper. 
The interests in the Notes are transferable according to applicable rules and regulations of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear.  
The Issuer will cause a register to be kept at the specified office of the Registrar (the "Register") on which 
will be entered the names and addresses of the Noteholders (as specified below) for each Series of Notes 
and the particulars of such Notes held by them and all transfers and payments (of interest and principal) of 
such Notes. The rights of the Noteholders evidenced by the Global Note and title to the respective Global 
Note itself will pass by assignment and registration in the Registers. The Global Note representing a Series 
of Notes will be issued in the name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper (the "Registered Holder"). The 
Registered Holder will be subsequently registered as Noteholder in the relevant Register.  
Each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg, as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg, 
as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any person will be conclusive and binding for 
all purposes save in the case of manifest error) will be treated by the Issuer and any paying agent as the 
holder of such nominal amount of the Notes for all purposes. No transfer of Notes will be valid unless entered 
into the Registers, provided that the interests in the Notes represented by a Global Note are transferable only 
according to applicable rules and regulations of Clearstream Luxembourg, and Euroclear, as the case may 
be. The Global Note will not be exchangeable for definitive Notes. 
Payments of Principal and Interest 
Payments of principal and interest, if any, on the Notes shall be made by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf 
of the Issuer for further payment to Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear or to its order for credit to the 
relevant account holders of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. All payments in respect of any Note 
made by, or on behalf of, the Issuer to, or to the order of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall 
discharge the liability of the Issuer under such Note to the extent of sums so paid.

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
The Issuer shall have the right to request, by notice to the holders of any Series of the Notes to be delivered 
in accordance with Condition 9(f) not later than twenty (20) calendar days prior to the then current revolving 
period expiration date applicable to such Series of Notes (each a "Series Revolving Period Expiration 
Date", where the first such date for each Series will be set out in the relevant Final Terms), the extension of 
such current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date together, if relevant, with an amendment to the Margin 
with respect to such extension period and the extension of the relevant Final Maturity Date for a period 
specified in the notice. The extended relevant Series Revolving Period Expiration Date and the new Margin, 
if any, for the period for which such Series Revolving Period Expiration Date has been extended shall become 
effective only if (A) the Issuer received confirmation from the Rating Agencies that the rating of the relevant 
Series of Class A Notes will not be affected by such amendments, or the Rating Agencies have confirmed 
that the assignment of new ratings are not lower than for the then outstanding Class A Notes before the Series 
Revolving Period Expiration Date was extended, or, as applicable, the Issuer has received a new rating 
confirmation stating the same rating for the Class A Notes as applicable prior to the amendments and (B) a 
Positive Buffer Release Amount exists and (C) by no later than the tenth (10th) calendar day prior to the then 
current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, the Issuer has confirmed by notice to the holders in the form 
prescribed in Condition 12 that it has received such reaffirmation and that it agrees to the requested 
amendments and (D) that the Issuer has arranged sufficient interest hedging for the amended Series 
Revolving Period Expiration Date. 
The Notes of each Series are scheduled to be redeemed in full on the Payment Date specified to be the 
scheduled repayment date for such Series in the relevant Final Terms (each a "Scheduled Repayment 
Date"), provided that whenever with respect to a Series of Notes the relevant Series Revolving Period 
Expiration Date is extended, the relevant Scheduled Repayment Date shall be extended automatically for the 
same period as the relevant Series Revolving Period Expiration Date applicable to such Series. 
Notwithstanding Condition 8(d) of the Conditions, all payments of interest on and principal of each Series of 
Notes will be due and payable at the latest in full on the respective legal final maturity date of such Series of 
Notes as set out in the relevant Final Terms (each a "Final Maturity Date") provided that whenever with 
respect to a Series of Notes the relevant Series Revolving Period Expiration Date is extended, the relevant 
Final Maturity Date shall be extended automatically for the same period as the relevant Series Revolving 
Period Expiration Date applicable to such Series. 
On the 25th day of each calendar month or, in the event such day is not a Business Day, on the next following 
Business Day, unless such day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day (the "Payment Date") the Issuer shall, subject to Condition 5(c), pay to 
each Noteholder interest on the nominal amount of Notes outstanding immediately prior to the respective 
Payment Date at the relevant Notes Interest Rate, and shall make repayments of the nominal amount of 
relevant Notes by paying to the Noteholders of any Amortising Series of Notes the relevant principal payment 
amount. 
The Available Distribution Amount shall, on any Payment Date be an amount equal to the sum of the following 
amounts: 
(i) 
amounts received as Lease Collections under the Master Hire Purchase Agreement and the 
Servicing Agreement, inclusive, for avoidance of doubt, the Monthly Collateral (after any relevant 
netting); plus 
(ii) 
amounts of interest paid or principal repaid, other than by way of set-off, under the Issuer Facility 
Agreement; plus 
(iii) 
any Vehicle Realisation Proceeds; plus 
(iv) 
any Lease Incidental Shortfall payments received from the Seller; plus 
(v) 
any interest accrued on the Distribution Account and the Accumulation Account; plus 
(vi) 
payments from the Cash Collateral Account as provided for in clause 6 (Cash Collateral Account) of 
the Trust Agreement; plus

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
(vii) 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Accumulation Account after the preceding Payment Date; 
plus 
(viii) 
any amount to be debited from the Maintenance Reserve Ledger on the immediately succeeding 
Payment Date subject to and in accordance with the relevant mechanics of the Maintenance Reserve 
Ledger; plus 
(ix) 
any amount to be debited from the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger on such Payment Date subject 
to and in accordance with the relevant mechanics of the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger; plus 
(x) 
Net Swap Receipts under the Swap Agreements and any other amounts included in the Available 
Distribution Amount pursuant to clause 9 (Swap Agreement) of the Trust Agreement; plus 
(xi) 
any amount from the preceding Payment Date which remained as a surplus due to the rounding 
under the Notes in accordance with Condition 9(b); plus 
(xii) 
any Negative Buffer Release Amount, until a Reserve Trigger Event has occurred and the Buffer 
Release Reserve has been funded; but less 
(xiii) 
any Positive Buffer Release Amount, provided that no Credit Enhancement Increase Condition is in 
effect. For the avoidance of doubt if a Credit Enhancement Increase Condition is in effect, the Positive 
Buffer Release Amount will remain forming part of the Available Distribution Amount as part of the 
Lease Collections under limb (a) of the definition of Available Distribution Amount. 
The Issuer is only obliged to make any payments to the Noteholders if it has first received such amounts to 
freely dispose of them. It is understood that interest and principal on the Notes will not be due on any Payment 
Date except to the extent the Available Distribution Amount is sufficient to pay such amounts in accordance 
with the Order of Priority. All payment obligations of the Issuer are limited recourse and constitute solely 
obligations of the Issuer to distribute amounts out of the respective Available Distribution Amount according 
to the Order of Priority. 
Amortisation Amounts 
On each Payment Date, to the extent the Available Distribution Amount is sufficient and in accordance with 
the Order of Priority set forth below, the Issuer will pay to the holders of the Amortising Series of Notes an 
aggregate amount in respect of principal equal to the Amortisation Amount of the respective Notes. The 
respective Amortisation Amount is the amount necessary to reduce the outstanding principal amount of the 
respective Series of Notes to the Class A Targeted Note Balance and the Class B Targeted Note Balance. 
The respective Amortisation Amount is intended to reduce the aggregate outstanding principal amounts of 
the Amortising Series of Notes to amounts which would leave an amount of overcollateralisation constant as 
a percentage of the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance, subject to certain specified increases in 
those percentages in case a Credit Enhancement Increase Condition is in effect.  
Order of Priority 
In respect of the Notes, distributions from the Available Distribution Amount will be made on each Payment 
Date according to the following Order of Priority: 
(a) 
on each Payment Date prior to the occurrence of an Enforcement Event: 
first, to the payment of (i) firstly, amounts due and payable in respect of taxes owing by the Issuer 
(other than Dutch corporate income tax in relation to the Issuer Profit Amount referred to under (ii) of 
this item) and (ii) secondly, amounts equal to the Issuer Profit Amount; 
second, until the earlier of (i) the occurrence of a Seller Event of Default and (ii) a Maintenance 
Coordinator Replacement Event, in or towards satisfaction of the Senior Maintenance Coordinator 
Fee to the Maintenance Coordinator; 
third, pari passu and on a pro rata basis, amounts due and payable by the Issuer (i) to the Directors 
in accordance with the Director Fee Letter, (ii) to the Servicer as Servicer Fee, (iii) to the replacement 
Maintenance Coordinator under the Servicing Agreement the Replacement Maintenance

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
Coordinator Fee, if any (excluding the Senior Maintenance Coordinator Fee), (iv) to the Rating 
Agencies as fees for the monitoring, (v) to the Process Agent and the English Process Agent under 
the process agency agreements, (vi) to the Account Bank under the Account Agreement, (vii) to the 
Agents under the Agency Agreement, (viii) to the Data Protection Trustee under the Deposit 
Agreement, (ix) as costs relating to the listing of the Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the admission to trading of the Notes on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (x) as auditors' fees and legal counsel fees of the Issuer and the Security Trustee, 
(xi) in respect of any administration costs and expenses of the Issuer, and (xii) to any other third 
parties providing services to the Issuer incurred in the Issuer's business, including any Maintenance 
Costs; 
fourth, pari passu and on a pro rata basis, amounts due and payable by the Issuer to the Swap 
Counterparties in respect of any Net Swap Payments or any Swap Termination Payments under a 
Swap Agreement (if any, and provided that a Swap Counterparty under the respective Swap 
Agreement is not a defaulting party (as defined in the respective Swap Agreement) and there has 
been no termination of the transaction under the Swap Agreement as a result of the respective Swap 
Counterparty’s rating downgrade); 
fifth, pari passu and pro rata to each other amounts due and payable in respect of (a) interest accrued 
on the Class A Notes during the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period plus (b) Interest 
Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and pro rata as to each other on all series of Class A Notes; 
sixth, pari passu and pro rata to each other amounts due and payable in respect of (a) interest 
accrued on the Class B Notes during the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period plus (b) 
Interest Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and pro rata as to each other on all series of Class B Notes; 
seventh, to the Cash Collateral Account, until the Cash Collateral Amount is equal to the Specified 
General Cash Collateral Account Balance; 
eighth, pari passu and pro rata, in or towards payment of (a) the Amortisation Amounts to each 
Amortising Series of Class A Notes and (b) an amount equal to the Class A Accumulation Amount to 
the Accumulation Account maintained for Non-Amortising Series of Notes; 
ninth, pari passu and pro rata, in or towards payment of (a) the Amortisation Amounts to each 
Amortising Series of Class B Notes and (b) an amount equal to the Class B Accumulation Amount to 
the Accumulation Account maintained for Non-Amortising Series of Notes; 
tenth, pari passu and on a pro rata basis by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparties, any payments 
under the respective Swap Agreements other than those made under item fourth above; 
eleventh, pro rata to each other in or towards payment to amounts due and payable in respect of (a) 
interest accrued on the Subordinated Loan during the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period 
plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) on the Subordinated Loan; 
twelfth, to the Subordinated Lender to reduce the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated 
Loan; and 
thirteenth, to the Seller all remaining excess by way of a final success fee.  
(b) 
Distribution will be made from the Cash Collateral Account on any Payment Date prior to the 
occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, if and to the extent the Cash Collateral Amount exceeds the 
Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance and no Credit Enhancement Increase Condition 
is in effect, according to the following Order of Priority, provided that for any Payment Date on which 
a Term Takeout takes place, the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance shall be 
calculated using the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes following the redemption 
of the Notes that occurs on such Payment Date as a result of such Term Takeout, provided further 
that for any Payment Date on which Further Notes are issued, the credit balance of the Cash 
Collateral Account shall exceed the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance by an 
amount attributable to the increase in the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes 
following the issue of Further Notes:

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
first, to the Subordinated Lender, amounts payable in respect of accrued and unpaid interest on the 
Subordinated Loan (including, without limitation, overdue interest); 
second, to the Subordinated Lender an amount necessary to reduce the outstanding principal 
amount of the Subordinated Loan; and 
third, to the Seller all remaining excess by way of a final success fee. 
Investment earnings on deposits in the Cash Collateral Account shall be remitted to the Seller on a 
monthly basis. 
(c) 
Following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, distributions will be made by the Security Trustee 
from the Available Distribution Amount and from any amounts standing to the credit of the Cash 
Collateral Account, and according to the following Order of Priority: 
first, to the payment of (i) firstly, amounts due and payable in respect of taxes owing by the Issuer 
(other than Dutch corporate income tax in relation to  the Issuer Profit Amount referred to under (ii) 
of this item) and (ii) secondly, amounts equal to the Issuer Profit Amount; 
second, until the earlier of  the occurrence of (i) a Seller Event of Default and (ii) a Maintenance 
Coordinator Replacement Event, in or towards satisfaction of the Senior Maintenance Coordinator 
Fee to the Maintenance Coordinator; 
third, pari passu and pro rata, amounts due and payable by the Issuer (i) to the Directors in 
accordance with the Director Fee Letter, (ii) to the Servicer as Servicer Fee, (iii) to the replacement 
Maintenance Coordinator under the Servicing Agreement the Replacement Maintenance 
Coordinator Fee, if any (excluding the Senior Maintenance Coordinator Fee), (iv) to the Rating 
Agencies as fees for the monitoring, (v) to the Process Agent and English Process Agent under the 
process agency agreements, (vi) to the Account Bank under the Account Agreement, (vii) to the 
Agents under the Agency Agreement, (viii) to the Data Protection Trustee under the Deposit 
Agreement, (ix) as costs relating to the listing of the Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the admission to trading of the Notes on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (x) as auditors' fees and legal counsel fees of the Issuer and Security Trustee, (xi) 
in respect of any administration costs and expenses of the Issuer, and (xii) to any other third parties 
providing services to the Issuer incurred in the Issuer's business, including any Maintenance Costs; 
fourth, pari passu and on a pro rata basis, amounts due and payable by the Issuer to the Swap 
Counterparties in respect of any Net Swap Payments or any Swap Termination Payments under a 
Swap Agreement (if any, and provided that a Swap Counterparty under the respective Swap 
Agreement is not a defaulting party (as defined in the respective Swap Agreement) and there has 
been no termination of the transaction under the Swap Agreement due to a termination event as a 
result of the respective Swap Counterparty’s downgrade); 
fifth, pari passu and pro rata to each other amounts due and payable in respect of (a) interest accrued 
on the Class A Notes during the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period plus (b) Interest 
Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and pro rata as to each other on all series of Class A Notes; 
sixth, pari passu and pro rata to the holders of Class A Notes in respect of principal until the Class A 
Notes are redeemed in full; 
seventh, pari passu and pro rata to each other amounts due and payable in respect of (a) interest 
accrued on the Class B Notes during the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period plus (b) 
Interest Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and pro rata as to each other on all series of Class B Notes; 
eighth, pari passu and pro rata to the holders of Class B Notes in respect of principal until the Class 
B Notes are redeemed in full; 
ninth, pari passu and on a pro rata basis by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparties, any payments 
under the respective Swap Agreements other than those made under item fourth above;

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
tenth, amounts due and payable in respect of (a) interest accrued on the Subordinated Loan during 
the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) on the 
Subordinated Loan; 
eleventh, to the Subordinated Lender until the Subordinated Loan has been redeemed in full; and 
twelfth, to the Seller all remaining excess by way of a final success fee.  
(d) 
However, any proceeds (excluding any interest accrued) arising from a Term Takeout shall not be 
distributed according to the above Orders of Priority but shall be distributed: 
first, pari passu and on a pro rata basis to the holders of the then outstanding Class A Notes, provided 
that amounts distributed to a specific Series of Class A Notes exceeding the amount required to 
redeem such Series in full shall be distributed to the other Series of Class A Notes, whereas in case 
of Non-Amortising Series of Class A Notes, any redemption payments shall be made in a way to 
redeem a certain number of Notes in their principal amount of Euro 100,000, until the Redeemable 
Amount of all then outstanding Class A Notes has been redeemed in full;  
second, pari passu to the holders of the then outstanding Class B Notes, provided that amounts 
distributed to a specific Series of Class B Notes exceeding the amount required to redeem such 
Series in full shall be distributed to the other Series of Class B Notes, whereas in case of Non-
Amortising Series of Class B Notes, any redemption payments shall be made in a way to redeem a 
certain number of Notes in their principal amount of Euro 100,000, until the Redeemable Amount of 
all then outstanding Class B Notes has been redeemed in full;  
third to the Subordinated Lender; and 
fourth to the Seller by way of an additional success fee. 
Cash Collateral Account 
On each Payment Date which is also an Issue Date, Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. will fund an 
increase of the Cash Collateral Account with an amount equal to the Specified General Cash Collateral 
Account Balance. The Issuer will deposit such funds in the Cash Collateral Account at the Account Bank and 
has agreed to keep this account at all times with a bank that has the Account Bank Required Ratings. In the 
event that the Cash Collateral Account Bank ceases to have the Account Bank Required Ratings, the Cash 
Collateral Account Bank shall within sixty (60) calendar days (i) procure transfer of the Cash Collateral 
Account held with the Cash Collateral Account Bank  to an Eligible Collateral Bank which is to be appointed 
by the Issuer once selected by the Cash Collateral Account Bank, or (ii) find an irrevocable and unconditional 
guarantor providing the guarantee from an entity with Account Bank Required Rating, or (iii) take any other 
action in order to maintain the rating of the Notes or to restore the rating of the Notes.  
Prior to the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, on each Payment Date, after the payment of interest on the 
Notes and certain other amounts payable by the Issuer, any remaining portion of the Available Distribution 
Amount will be deposited in the respective Cash Collateral Account until the Cash Collateral Amount on 
deposit in the Cash Collateral Account equals the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance. 
The Cash Collateral Account will contain a Buffer Release Reserve Ledger in which the Buffer Release 
Reserve will be administered. The purpose of the Buffer Release Reserve is to ensure that the Issuer will 
continue to be able to make any payments pursuant to items first to sixth of the Order of Priority, as set out 
in clause 16.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement, if and to the extent the Available Distribution 
Amount is not sufficient to cover payments to be made pursuant to items first to sixth of the Order of Priority, 
as set out in clause 16.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement on any Payment Date. 
Prior to the service of an Enforcement Notice, if and to the extent the Available Distribution Amount is not 
sufficient to cover items first to sixth of the Order of Priority, as set out in clause 16.2(a) (Order of Priority) of 
the Trust Agreement, an amount equal to any negative difference between the Available Distribution Amount 
(not taking into account items (ix) and (x) of the definition of Available Distribution Amount) and the aggregate 
payments to be made pursuant to items first to sixth of the Order of Priority, as set out in clause 16.2(a) (Order 
of Priority) of the Trust Agreement, if and to the extent paid by the Seller or standing to the credit of the Buffer

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
Release Reserve Ledger, will form part of the Available Distribution Amount and will be applied towards 
payment of items first to sixth of the Order of Priority, as set out in clause 16.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the 
Trust Agreement. For the sake of clarification, if and to the extent the Buffer Release Reserve has been 
funded, amounts standing to the credit of the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger shall be used to cover any 
shortfalls in the amounts payable under the first to sixth items (inclusive) of the Order of Priority prior to the 
use of the Cash Collateral Amount. Following the service of an Enforcement Notice, distributions will be made 
by the Security Trustee from the Available Distribution Amount and from any amounts standing to the credit 
of the Cash Collateral Account, and according to the Order of Priority as set out in clause 16.2(b) (Order of 
Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
On each Payment Date prior to the occurrence of a Enforcement Event, after the payment of interest on the 
Notes and certain other amounts payable by the Issuer, the Available Distribution Amount remaining after 
item sixth of the Order of Priority will be credited to the Cash Collateral Account pursuant to item seventh of 
the Order of Priority until the Cash Collateral Amount is equal to the Specified General Cash Collateral 
Account Balance. On each Payment Date after the amounts standing to the credit of the Buffer Release 
Reserve Ledger have either been reduced to zero or no funding of the Buffer Release Reserve or no payment 
of the Negative Buffer Release Amount has been made so far, the Cash Collateral Amount shall be used to 
(i) cover any shortfalls in the amounts payable under the first to sixth item (inclusive) of the Order of Priority 
in clauses 16.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement, (ii) pay the amounts due and payable under 
clause 16.2(b) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement and (iii) pay on the latest occurring Final Maturity 
Date of any Series of Notes all amounts payable pursuant to clause 16.2(a) (Order of Priority), also including 
the eighth, ninth, eleventh and twelfth item of the Order of Priority, as set out in clause 16.2(a) (Order of 
Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
On each Payment Date, any amount of the Cash Collateral Amount in excess of the Specified General Cash 
Collateral Account Balance for that Payment Date, provided that no Credit Enhancement Increase Condition 
is in effect, will be released for payment to the Subordinated Lender of the Subordinated Loan. 
If on any Payment Date prior to the service of an Enforcement Notice, the balance deposited on the Buffer 
Release Reserve Ledger exceeds the actual Required Buffer Release Reserve Amount, such excess shall 
be repaid directly to the Seller (whereby such excess shall not form part of the Available Distribution Amount). 
Duties of the Issuer 
In addition to its obligation to make payments to the Noteholders as set out in the Conditions of the Notes, 
the Issuer undertakes to hold, administer and collect or realise (or procure realisation of) in accordance with 
the Conditions of the Notes, the Purchased Vehicles and the associated Lease Receivables and ancillary 
rights arising from Lease Agreements which the Seller has concluded with private individuals and commercial 
Lessees. 
Duties of the Seller 
The Seller shall deliver to the Issuer at all times upon demand and to the extent available to the Seller the 
following documents insofar as such documents are required for the assertion of the rights transferred under 
the Master Hire Purchase Agreement: 
(i) 
the documents concerning the execution of the Lease Agreement; 
(ii) 
the respective original vehicle registration certificate; 
(iii) 
to the extent allowed by applicable law, any information concerning the Lessee, especially regarding 
financial standing, which is available to the Seller; 
(iv) 
proof of the Seller's unrestricted title to the Purchased Vehicles through presentation of the invoice 
with the provision for passage of title and the proof of payment; and 
(v) 
any further information or documents which are of substantial importance to the Lease Agreements. 
In accordance with the Deposit Agreement, the Seller is obliged to make the Portfolio Decryption Key (which 
is used for the decryption of the encrypted list of the names and addresses of the respective Lessees for each

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
contract number relating to a Lease Agreement) available to the Data Protection Trustee. The Issuer is 
obliged to keep confidential all information about the Lessees and the business of the Seller obtained in 
connection with the execution of the Master Hire Purchase Agreement. The foregoing shall not apply (i) to 
information which is generally known or becomes generally known without the Issuer being responsible for 
such disclosure, (ii) to information the disclosure of which the Seller has expressly or tacitly permitted, (iii) if 
the Issuer is legally obligated to disclose information, and (iv) if the disclosure of information by the Issuer is 
necessary for asserting rights arising from the Notes or the agreements concluded in connection with the 
issue of the Notes. 
Clean-Up Call 
After expiration of the Revolving Period, the Seller may at its option (but without any obligation to do so) 
exercise the Clean-Up Call Option and terminate all (but not only part of the) Hire Purchase Contracts and 
repay all Issuer Advances on any Payment Date on which the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance is 
less than 10 (ten) per cent. of the Maximum Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance, provided that the 
Issuer has the necessary funds to redeem, all (but not only part of) the Notes at their principal amount 
outstanding plus accrued but unpaid interest thereon, after payment of the amounts to be paid in priority to 
redemption of the Notes. 
Principal Paying Agent 
The Issuer will make payments to the Noteholders through the Principal Paying Agent. Payments shall be 
made from the accounts of the Issuer with U.S. Bank Europe DAC as Account Bank without having to execute 
an affidavit or fulfil any formalities other than the compliance with tax, currency exchange or other regulations 
of the country where the distribution takes place. U.S. Bank Europe DAC is an independent credit institution 
and is not affiliated to the Seller or the Issuer and may be substituted as provided for in Condition 9(h) of the 
Conditions of the Notes. 
Security, Security Trustee and Enforcement 
Trust Agreement 
For the benefit of the Programme Creditors, the Issuer has appointed the Security Trustee pursuant to the 
Trust Agreement. The Notes are secured indirectly, through the Security Trustee, by the Issuer having entered 
into the Trust Agreement on the Signing Date with the Foundation, the Seller and the Security Trustee, acting 
as security trustee for itself, the Servicer, the Directors, the Cash Administrator, the Account Bank, the Lead 
Manager, the Arranger, the Swap Counterparties, the Subordinated Lender, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Registrar the Interest Determination Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Seller and the Noteholders (together 
the "Programme Creditors"). The Trust Agreement is governed by German law. 
In the Trust Agreement the Issuer has agreed, and to the extent necessary will agree in advance, to pay to 
the Security Trustee an amount equal to the aggregate of all its liabilities to all the Programme Creditors from 
time to time due in accordance with the terms and conditions of the relevant Programme Documents, 
including, without limitation, the Notes (the "Principal Obligations"), which payment undertaking and the 
obligations and liabilities resulting therefrom is herein referred to as the "Parallel Debt". The Parallel Debt is 
secured by the Security Documents as further described below. The Principal Obligations do not include the 
Issuer's obligations pursuant to the Parallel Debt. In this respect the Issuer and the Security Trustee 
acknowledge that (i) the Parallel Debt constitutes undertakings, obligations and liabilities of the Issuer to the 
Security Trustee which are separate and independent from and without prejudice to the Principal Obligations 
of the Issuer to any Programme Creditor, and (ii) the Parallel Debt represents the Security Trustee's own 
claim to receive payment of the Parallel Debt from the Issuer, provided that the aggregate amount that may 
become due under the Parallel Debt will never exceed the aggregate amount that may become due under all 
of the Principal Obligations to the Programme Creditors, including, but not limited to, the Noteholders. The 
total amount due and payable by the Issuer under the Parallel Debt shall be decreased to the extent that the 
Issuer shall have paid any amounts to any Programme Creditor to reduce the Principal Obligations and the 
total amount due and payable by the Issuer under the Principal Obligations shall be decreased to the extent 
that the Issuer shall have paid any amounts to the Security Trustee under the Parallel Debt. 
Pursuant to the Trust Agreement:

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
(a) 
the Issuer will grant: 
(i) 
Security consisting of an assignment and/or transfer of all its claims and other rights 
arising from the German Programme Documents (with the exception of claims and 
other rights arising from the Trust Agreement, but including the rights to unilaterally 
alter a legal relationship (unselbständige Gestaltungsrechte)) and a Pledge over the 
Accounts; and 
(ii) 
Dutch law security under the Issuer Rights Pledge Agreement, the Issuer Vehicles 
Pledge Agreement and the Lease Receivables Pledge Agreement (collectively, the 
"Pledge Agreements"); 
(iii) 
English law security under the Security Assignment Deed over, inter alia, the 
Issuer's rights under the Swap Agreements; and 
(b) 
the Seller will grant Dutch law security under the Sellers Vehicles Pledge Agreement. 
The documents listed under (a) and (b) above shall collectively be referred to as the "Security Documents" 
and the security rights created therein, the "Security". 
In the Trust Agreement, the Issuer has assigned or transferred, as applicable, to the Security Trustee all its 
claims and other rights arising from the Programme Documents (including the rights to unilaterally alter the 
legal relationship (unselbständige Gestaltungsrechte) and from all present and future contracts subject to 
German law the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Notes and the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. 
The Trust Agreement establishes the right and duty of the Security Trustee – to the extent necessary – to 
hold the securities assigned to it (with respect to the rights and claims assigned or transferred to the Security 
Trustee for security purposes, administer or realise the Security for the benefit of the Programme Creditors 
and to perform only those other duties which are necessarily incidental thereto). The Programme Creditors 
are entitled, subject to the provisions of the Trust Agreement, to demand from the Security Trustee the 
fulfilment of its duties as specified under the Conditions of the Notes. The Security Trustee is not obligated to 
monitor the fulfilment of the duties of the Issuer under the Notes, the Conditions of the Notes, the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement or any other Programme Documents to which the Issuer is a party. All rights of the 
Noteholders shall remain at all times and under all circumstances vested in the Noteholders.  
Subject to the terms of the Security Documents the Security can be realised pursuant to clause 12 
(Enforcement and Proceedings) of the Trust Agreement if (i) an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the 
Issuer; (ii) the Issuer defaults in the payment of any interest on the most senior Class of Notes when the same 
become due and payable, and such default shall continue for a period of five Business Days; or (iii) the Issuer 
defaults in the payment of principal of any Note on the respective Final Maturity Date and in case an Interest 
Shortfall occurs, however, only an Interest Shortfall on the Class A Notes when the same becomes due and 
payable, and such default continues for a period of five (5) Business Days will constitute a Foreclosure Event. 
Amounts generally will not be due and payable on any Payment Date except to the extent there are sufficient 
funds in the respective Available Distribution Amount to pay such amounts in accordance with the Order of 
Priority. 
Dutch law security 
Issuer Vehicles Pledge Agreement   
On the Signing Date, the Issuer and the Security Trustee have entered into a pledge agreement (the "Issuer 
Vehicles Pledge Agreement") pursuant to which the Issuer has created, or has created in advance (bij 
voorbaat), as the case may be, a first priority non-possessory right of pledge (bezitloos pandrecht, eerste in 
rang) over the Purchased Vehicles owned by it. The right of pledge to be created pursuant to the Issuer 
Vehicles Pledge Agreement will be granted in favour of the Security Trustee for the benefit of the Programme 
Creditors to secure and provide for the payment of the Secured Obligations. Upon the occurrence of a default 
of the Issuer with respect to the Secured Obligations, the Security Trustee is entitled to foreclose on the 
Purchased Vehicles or part thereof over which a right of pledge is created pursuant to the Issuer Vehicles 
Pledge Agreement and to apply all monies received or recovered by the Security Trustee towards satisfaction

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
of the Secured Obligations subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Agreement. The 
Issuer Vehicles Pledge Agreement is governed by Dutch Law. 
Sellers Vehicles Pledge Agreement 
On the Signing Date, the Seller, the Issuer and the Security Trustee have entered into a pledge agreement 
(the "Sellers Vehicles Pledge Agreement") pursuant to which the Seller has created, or has created in 
advance (bij voorbaat), as the case may be, a first priority non-possessory right of pledge (bezitloos 
pandrecht, eerste in rang) over the Purchased Vehicles owned by it. The right of pledge created pursuant to 
the Sellers Vehicles Pledge Agreement will be granted in favour of the Security Trustee for the benefit of the 
Programme Creditors to secure and provide for the payment of the Secured Obligations. Upon the occurrence 
of a default with respect to the Secured Obligations, the Security Trustee is entitled to foreclose on the 
Purchased Vehicles or part thereof over which a right of pledge is created pursuant to the Sellers Vehicles 
Pledge Agreement and to apply all monies received or recovered by the Security Trustee towards satisfaction 
of the Secured Obligations subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Agreement. The 
Sellers Vehicles Pledge Agreement is governed by Dutch law. 
Lease Receivables Pledge Agreement 
On the Signing Date, the Issuer and the Security Trustee have entered into a pledge agreement (the "Lease 
Receivables Pledge Agreement") pursuant to which the Issuer has created, or has created in advance (bij 
voorbaat), as the case may be, an undisclosed first priority right of pledge (stil pandrecht, eerste in rang) over 
all of the Issuer's rights (vorderingen) within the meaning of article 3:239 of the Dutch Civil Code against the 
Lessees under or in connection with the Lease Agreements relating to the Purchased Vehicles. The right of 
pledge created pursuant to the Lease Receivables Pledge Agreement has been granted in favour of the 
Security Trustee for the benefit of the Programme Creditors to secure and provide for the payment of the 
Secured Obligations. The pledge over the Lease Receivables provided in the Lease Receivables Pledge 
Agreement will not be notified to the Lessees except in the case of certain notification events. These 
notification events will, to a large extent, be similar to a Seller Event of Default as described in the Master 
Hire Purchase Agreement. Prior to notification of the pledge to the Lessees, the pledge is an undisclosed 
right of pledge (stil pandrecht) within the meaning of article 3:239 of the Dutch Civil Code. Upon notification 
the Security Trustee becomes entitled to collect the claims which become due and payable by the Lessees 
under the Lease Agreements. Upon the occurrence of a default of the Issuer with respect to the Secured 
Obligations, provided notice of the right of pledge has been given to the respective Lessees, the Security 
Trustee is entitled to foreclose the right of pledge created pursuant to the Lease Receivables Pledge 
Agreement and to apply all monies received or recovered by the Security Trustee towards satisfaction of the 
Secured Obligations subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Agreement. The Lease 
Receivables Pledge Agreement is governed by the Dutch law. 
Issuer Rights Pledge Agreement 
On the Signing Date, the Issuer, the Security Trustee, the Seller, the Issuer Facility Borrower, the Servicer, 
the Maintenance Coordinator and the Call Option Buyer have entered into a pledge agreement (the "Issuer 
Rights Pledge Agreement") pursuant to which the Issuer has created a disclosed first priority right of pledge 
(openbaar pandrecht, eerste in rang) over any and all existing and future rights and claims that are and will 
be owed to the Issuer (the "Issuer Rights") under (i) the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, (ii) the Servicing 
Agreement and (iii) the Issuer Facility Agreement. The rights of pledge created or to be created pursuant to 
the Issuer Rights Pledge Agreement shall be granted in favour of the Security Trustee for the benefit of the 
Programme Creditors and secure and provide for the payment of the Secured Obligations. Since the rights 
of pledge created pursuant to the Issuer Rights Pledge Agreement have been notified to the relevant obligors 
(i.e. the Seller, the Issuer Facility Borrower, the Servicer, the Maintenance Coordinator and the Call Option 
Buyer) the Security Trustee will be entitled to collect the claims pledged thereunder in accordance with article 
3:246 of the Dutch Civil Code. However, under the Issuer Rights Pledge Agreement the Issuer and the 
Security Trustee have agreed that the Issuer will nevertheless remain authorised to collect the pledged claims 
and exercise the rights subject to the pledge, until further notice has been given by the Security Trustee. The 
authorisation to collect and exercise may be terminated by the Security Trustee, inter alia, upon the Issuer 
being in default with respect to one or more of the Secured Obligations or when it is likely in the opinion of 
the Security Trustee that the Issuer will be in default with respect to one or more of the Secured Obligations. 
Upon the occurrence of a default of the Issuer with respect to the Secured Obligations, provided notice of 
termination of the authorisation to collect and exercise has been given, the Security Trustee shall be entitled

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
to foreclose the relevant rights of pledge and to apply any monies received or recovered by the Security 
Trustee under the Issuer Rights Pledge Agreement towards satisfaction of the Secured Obligations. The 
Security Trustee will apply the amounts received by it in accordance with the provisions of the Trust 
Agreement. The Issuer Rights Pledge Agreement is governed by Dutch law. 
German law security 
Under the Trust Agreement, as amended from time to time, the Issuer assigns to the Security Trustee for 
security purposes (Sicherungsabtretung) all its claims and other rights arising from the German Programme 
Documents (with the exception of claims and other rights arising from the Trust Agreement, but including the 
rights to unilaterally alter a legal relationship (unselbständige Gestaltungsrechte)) and from all present and 
future German law contracts the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Notes, the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Agency Agreement or the Programme Agreement. 
Furthermore, the Issuer will pledge to the Security Trustee all its present and future claims against the Security 
Trustee arising under the Trust Agreement as well as all present and future claims under each of the 
Accounts. 
The Trust Agreement is governed by German law. 
English law security 
On the Renewal Date, the Issuer and the Security Trustee will enter into a security assignment deed (the 
"Security Assignment Deed") pursuant to which the Issuer will charge or assign, as applicable, to the 
Security Trustee all its claims and other rights arising from the Swap Agreements. The Security Assignment 
Deed will be governed by English law. 
Replacement of Issuer 
Subject to certain conditions as set out in Condition 11 the Issuer is entitled to appoint another company (the 
"New Issuer") in place of itself as debtor for all obligations arising from and in connection with the Notes. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders will be validly given if transmitted individually to the address set out in the Register 
for such Noteholder.  
As long as a Global Note is registered in the name of the Registered Holder notices to respective Noteholders 
may be validly given if transmitted to Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg for further communication to 
the persons shown as holders of the Notes in their records. Any notice so given will be deemed to have been 
given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and 
Clearstream Luxembourg. 
All notices to the Noteholders regarding the Notes shall be (i) published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) as long as the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require and (ii) be delivered to the applicable clearing systems 
for communication by them to the Noteholders. Any notice referred to under (ii) (a) above shall be deemed to 
have been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was delivered 
to the respective clearing system. Any notice referred to under (i) above shall be deemed to have been given 
to all Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was published on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Any notice referred to under (ii) (b) above shall be 
deemed to have been given upon confirmation of receipt by the respective Noteholder. 
Amendments to the Programme Documents 
Any amendment, restatement or variation of a Programme Document is valid only: 
(a) 
in case of amendments which do not materially and adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders 
and/or any other Programme Creditor, if it is notified by the party requesting such amendment to the 
Security Trustee and the Rating Agencies in writing and it has been demonstrated to the reasonable

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
satisfaction of the Security Trustee that such amendment is not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders and/or any other Programme Creditor; and 
(b) 
in case of amendments which materially and adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders and/or 
any other Programme Creditor, if it is notified by the party requesting such amendment to the Security 
Trustee and the Rating Agencies in writing and the Issuer has received the written consent to such 
amendment from the Security Trustee and the Programme Creditors that are materially and 
adversely affected. 
Furthermore, the Issuer will be entitled to amend any term or provision of any Programme Document, with 
the consent of Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. and the Security Trustee, but without the consent of 
any Noteholder, any Swap Counterparty, the Subordinated Lender, the Arranger, the Lead Manager or any 
other Person if it is advised by a third party authorised under Article 28 of the Securitisation Regulation or a 
reputable international law firm that such amendments are required for the Programme to comply with the 
Securitisation Regulation, including the requirements for simple, transparent and standardised securitisations 
set out therein and in any regulatory technical standards authorised under the Securitisation Regulation. Any 
such amendment shall only become valid, by giving ten (10) Business Days prior notice to the Noteholders 
and the Rating Agencies in writing, including by email. 
Applicable Law, Place of Performance and Place of Jurisdiction 
The form and content of the Notes and all of the rights and obligations of the Noteholders, the Issuer, the 
Registrar and the Principal Paying Agent under the Notes shall be subject in all respects to the laws of 
Germany. 
Place of performance and venue is Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 
For any litigation in connection with the Conditions of the Notes, which will be initiated against the Issuer in a 
court of Germany, the Issuer has appointed the German Process Agent to accept service of process.

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
SERVICER, MAINTENANCE COORDINATOR AND SERVICING AGREEMENT 
On or prior to the Signing Date, the Issuer, the Security Trustee, the Servicer and the Maintenance 
Coordinator have entered into a servicing agreement (the "Servicing Agreement") pursuant to which the 
Servicer and the Maintenance Coordinator will be instructed to carry out certain management, collection and 
recovery activities in relation to the Purchased Vehicles and associated Lease Receivables to be transferred 
to the Issuer pursuant to the Master Hire Purchase Agreement in accordance with the credit and collection 
procedures of the Servicer as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Servicing Agreement (the "Credit and Collection Procedures"). 
Description of servicing functions 
The duties of the Servicer are set out in the Servicing Agreement and the Servicer has agreed, amongst other 
things, to provide to the Issuer and the Security Trustee the following Lease Services and Realisation 
Services: 
SERVICES 
The Servicer shall, without limitation, provide (or in the case of the Maintenance Services, coordinate the 
provision of) the following services in respect of the Leased Vehicles, which can be updated from time to time 
by the parties to the Servicing Agreement: 
PART A - "Lease Services" 
(a) 
the collection of Lessee (or guarantor) payments through preferred payment methods; 
(b) 
the determination of Lease Servicing Components; 
(c) 
on identification of overdue Lessee (or guarantor) payments in respect of Lease Receivables and 
residual value claims undertake debt collection recovery activities to minimise debt exposure, 
including but not limited to the following actions: 
(i) 
use outsourced collection agencies to perform debt recovery activities; 
(ii) 
in the event of being unable to obtain payment from the Lessee (or guarantor), where allowed 
within contract rules ensure that the Lessee's Purchased Vehicle is recovered and taken to 
auction for sale; 
(iii) 
in the event of notification of a Lessee insolvency maximise the recovery of debt; 
(iv) 
in the event of notification that a Lessee has "gone away", take actions to re-establish contact 
and manage collection of outstanding debt; 
(v) 
in the event of notification of a Lessee's death or serious illness, manage outstanding debt 
payment appropriately; 
(d) 
allow for Lessees to make offers for full and final settlement and ensure that if such offers are 
acceptable ensure collection of payment through preferred payment methods; 
(e) 
once all debt recovery activities have been fully exhausted and all avenues for recovery of overdue 
payments from Lessees have been attempted, minimise total loss on debt through the selling of debt 
(on behalf of the Issuer) on to third parties; 
(f) 
assess shortfall of payments due before the value of the recovered asset has been obtained and 
terminate Lessee's account and issue default notices; 
(g) 
keep a record of Lessees that default; 
(h) 
handle Lessees' payment queries and complaints;

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
(i) 
review the debt profile of Lessees with overdue payments and adopt different debt collection 
strategies depending on the level and status of the Lessee's account; 
(j) 
fulfil statutory and regulatory reporting requirements in terms by performing the necessary accounting 
actions to recognise debt as a financial loss; and 
(k) 
take all other action and do all other things which it would be reasonable to expect an entity which 
coordinates collection of payments and enforcing obligations under Lease Agreements for itself or 
others or acts as servicer, vehicle owner or lessor with respect to comparable automotive Lease 
Agreements. 
PART B - "Maintenance Services" 
The Servicer shall, without limitation, provide (or coordinate the provision of) the following services, which 
can be updated from time to time by the parties to the Servicing Agreement: 
(a) 
the administration of any fines imposed by the police or any statutory bodies on the relevant Lessee; 
(b) 
the administration of fuel card services through a nominated fuel agency as required under the 
relevant Lease Agreement; 
(c) 
the administration of any road taxes relating to the relevant Lease Agreement; 
(d) 
the provision of accident and repair management services, including the supply of breakdown and 
recovery services as required under the relevant Lease Agreement: 
(e) 
the provision of an accident claims management service as required under the relevant Lease 
Agreement: 
(f) 
arrange any replacement vehicles under certain circumstances set out in the relevant Lease 
Agreement; 
(g) 
process all purchase invoices from service providers; 
(h) 
coordinate the provision of maintenance and repair of vehicles as required under the relevant Lease 
Agreement; 
(i) 
process all payments related to invoices to service providers; 
(j) 
coordinate the provision of replacement tyres (including summer and winter tyres) as required under 
the relevant Lease Agreement; 
(k) 
the supply of services to the Lessee as required under the relevant Lease Agreement; and 
(l) 
general administration: 
(i) 
keep Purchased Vehicles Records for the Issuer in relation to the Maintenance Services and 
Purchased Vehicles related thereto comprised in the Portfolio; 
(ii) 
keep, in respect of the Maintenance Services, records for all taxation purposes including 
VAT; and 
(iii) 
assist, in respect of the Maintenance Services, the auditors of the Issuer and provide 
information to them upon reasonable request. 
PART C - "Realisation Services" 
In relation to (i) any Defaulted Receivables or (ii) where the Call Option Buyer has elected not to exercise the 
Repurchase Option or (iii) the Issuer has elected not to exercise the Put Option, in each case after the relevant 
Purchased Vehicle has been returned to the Seller or the Issuer as owner of the relevant Purchased Vehicle 
and/or repossessed by the Servicer or is otherwise held to its order or in its control, without limitation, it:

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
(a) 
promptly in each case after the relevant Purchased Vehicle is in its possession or control, sell any 
Purchased Vehicle (i) which is associated to a Defaulted Receivable or (ii) in respect of which the 
Call Option Buyer has elected not to exercise its Repurchase Option when such option was available 
pursuant to the Master Hire Purchase Agreement or (iii) in respect of which the Issuer has elected 
not to exercise its Put Option when such option was available pursuant to the Master Hire Purchase 
Agreement, it being understood that the Servicer shall only sell the relevant Purchased Vehicles at 
such time if this would not result in a breach of the terms of the Lease Agreement associated to such 
Purchased Vehicle; 
(b) 
keep, in relation to the Realisation Services, records and books of account for the Issuer in relation 
to the realised Purchased Vehicles relating to the Lease Agreements comprised in the Portfolio; 
(c) 
keep, in relation to the Realisation Services, records for all taxation purposes (including VAT); 
(d) 
deliver, where necessary, the sold Purchased Vehicle to the purchaser thereof or, as the case may 
be, relevant auction site or other site at the request of the third party purchaser; 
(e) 
file claims with the relevant transporters on behalf of the Issuer for damage in transit and the delivery 
claims related to the Purchased Vehicles to be sold; 
(f) 
arrange for any registration and filings to be made in The Netherlands which are required in The 
Netherlands to fully evidence the transfer of ownership of the sold Purchased Vehicles (including any 
relevant driver and vehicle licensing agency forms); 
(g) 
realise, sell or procure to realise or sell the relevant Purchased Vehicles related to any Lease 
Agreement comprised in the Portfolio, by sale in accordance with the Servicer's Realisation 
Procedure Rules and in accordance with the terms of the Servicing Agreement (for the avoidance of 
doubt, only if this would not result in a breach of the terms of the Lease Agreement associated to 
such Purchased Vehicle); and 
(h) 
collect, or procure to have collected, any Vehicle Realisation Proceeds relating to the sale of 
Purchased Vehicles and to pay such amounts to the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the 
Servicing Agreement. 
In accordance with the terms of the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer shall: (a) comply in all material aspects 
with the Credit and Collection Procedures; and (b) at all times devote or procure that there is devoted to the 
performance of its obligations, exercise of its discretions and its exercise of the rights of the Issuer and where 
so permitted by the Security Trustee in respect of the Purchased Vehicles and associated Lease Receivables 
at least (i) the same amount of time and attention and (ii) the same level of skill, care and diligence in the 
performance of those obligations and discretions as it would if it were providing the Services in respect of 
assets which it beneficially owned and, in any event, will act as prudent lessor of Vehicles (as if it was the 
beneficial owner thereof) and will devote all due skill, care and diligence to the performance of its obligations 
and the exercise of its discretions under the Servicing Agreement and consider the interests of the Issuer and 
the Security Trustee (acting on behalf of the Programme Creditors) at all times whilst carrying out the services 
under the Servicing Agreement but the Servicer shall not be required to do or cause to be done anything 
which they are prevented from doing by any regulatory direction or any requirement of law. 
In addition, the Servicer shall service and administer the Leased Assets forming part of the Portfolio in 
compliance with the Lease Agreements, the Master Hire Purchase Agreement and certain general covenants 
of the Servicer (including covenants as to the compliance with any applicable laws in rendering the services 
owed by the Servicer). 
Servicer fee 
In consideration of its duties pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer will receive the Servicer Fee 
to be paid by the Issuer subject to and in accordance with the relevant Order of Priority.

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
Lease Collections and distribution 
Under the Servicing Agreement the Servicer will procure that all Lease Collections in respect of the Lease 
Receivables and all Vehicle Realisation Proceeds in respect of a sale of a Purchased Vehicle to the Lessee 
pursuant to the relevant Lease Agreement collected by it at any time during the immediately preceding 
Collection Period are paid on each Payment Date directly into the Distribution Account.  
Lease Agreement Recalculations 
If on any Calculation Date, the associated Lease Agreements are adjusted in such a way that this affects the 
Purchase Price, the number of Purchase Instalments, the amount of each Regular Purchase Instalment 
and/or the amount of the Final Purchase Instalment on any day during the immediately preceding Collection 
Period, then on the immediately succeeding Payment Date, the Purchase Price and the relevant Purchase 
Instalments and Final Purchase Instalment shall be amended accordingly by (i) the Seller attaching an 
amended and restated Purchased Vehicles list to the Combined Transfer Deed to be delivered by it on such 
Calculation Date, including a reference to the date as of which the amendment takes effect, and (ii) the Issuer 
and the Security Trustee countersigning such Combined Transfer Deed. 
Following notice from the Servicer that a reduction in the Purchase Price as of the end of the Collection Period 
has occurred following a Lease Agreement Recalculation by the Servicer, the Seller shall on the immediately 
following Payment Date (i) pay to the Issuer an amount equal to the Purchase Instalment Decrease Amount 
and (ii) provide the Issuer and the Servicer with a list of recalculation of Leased Vehicles and related Lease 
Receivables.  
Following notice from the Servicer that an increase of the Purchase Price as of the end of the Collection 
Period has occurred following a Lease Agreement Recalculation by the Servicer an amount equal to the 
Purchase Instalment Increase Amount will result in a pro rata increase of the remaining Purchase Instalments 
payable by the Issuer pursuant to the relevant Hire Purchase Contracts. 
Performance by third parties 
The Servicer is permitted to delegate some or all of its duties to other entities, including any subsidiaries, 
although the Servicer will remain liable for the performance of any duties that it delegates to another entity. 
Allocation of Lease Collections 
Where two or more Lease Agreements from a Lessee are included in the Portfolio or where Lease 
Agreements from a Lessee are included in the Portfolio and other lease agreements from the same Lessee 
are not included in the Portfolio, in a Collection Period amounts received from the Lessee will be applied in 
the following order: 
firstly, to the applicable invoice relating to such payment; 
secondly, where payments are not identified as relating to a specific invoice, to the relevant invoice at the 
direction of the Lessee; 
thirdly, where no such allocation is provided by the relevant Lessee within ten (10) Business Days, to the 
oldest invoice then outstanding until the outstanding balance of such invoice has been reduced to zero and 
thereafter to the next oldest invoices in order until the outstanding balance of such invoices has been reduced 
to zero; and 
fourthly, pari passu and pro rata between all outstanding invoices of the Lessee including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, Lease Receivables sold and assigned to the Issuer and Lease Receivables not sold to the Issuer.  
Additionally, the pro rata share of the collections received and allocated to the Lease Agreements included in 
the Portfolio shall first be allocated (i) pro rata and pari passu between Lease VAT Collections and any other 
Lease Collections and (ii) thereafter, the Lease Collections (other than Lease VAT Collections) will be 
allocated in the following order: firstly, to Lease Interest Collections, secondly, to Lease Principal Collections; 
and thirdly, to Lease Servicing Collections. 
Advances of the Servicer and Commingling of Funds

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
If the Monthly Remittance Condition is not satisfied, the Servicer shall for the first time advance the Monthly 
Collateral in respect of the month in which on the Monthly Collateral Start Date falls plus, if the advance 
payment has to be made prior to the Payment Date falling in such month in which the Monthly Collateral Start 
Date occurs, the Monthly Collateral in respect of the month prior to such month in which the Monthly Collateral 
Start Date occurs to the Distribution Account; and for any subsequent month in which the Monthly Remittance 
Condition continues to not be satisfied, the Servicer shall advance the Monthly Collateral to the Distribution 
Account on any Monthly Collateral Payment Date to be retained until the Payment Date relating to such 
month. 
If it is demonstrated in the Monthly Servicer Report for a Monthly Period that the Monthly Collateral which has 
been transferred by Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. for the relevant Monthly Period exceeds the 
Lease Collections and Vehicle Realisation Proceeds for such Monthly Period, the Issuer will on the then 
following Payment Date release such excess of the Monthly Collateral over the Lease Collections and the 
Vehicle Realisation Proceeds received for such Monthly Period to the Seller outside the Order of Priority, 
unless at such time the Seller is in default with delivering the Available Distribution Amount for such Payment 
Date.  
Irrespective of its obligation to advance the Monthly Collateral the Servicer will still remain being obliged to 
transfer Lease Collections and Vehicle Realisation Proceeds to the Distribution Account in accordance with 
the provisions of the Servicing Agreement. However, at any time when either (a) the Monthly Remittance 
Condition is satisfied or (b) the Monthly Remittance Condition is not satisfied but Volkswagen Pon Financial 
Services B.V. as Servicer has complied with its obligation to remit the Monthly Collateral to the Distribution 
Account, Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. is entitled to hold, use and invest at its own risk the amount 
collected under the Purchased Receivables and other amounts collected by it during each Monthly Period 
without segregating such funds from its other funds, and Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. will be 
required to make a single transfer of Lease Collections, Vehicle Realisation Proceeds and other amounts 
collected by it to the Distribution Account on the following Payment Date. Otherwise, Lease Collections, 
Vehicle Realisation Proceeds and other amounts collected by it will be required to be remitted by it to the 
Distribution Account on the first Business Day after receipt of such amounts. 
Following a breach of the Monthly Remittance Condition, the Monthly Servicer Report will show for each 
Monthly Period whether the Monthly Collateral which has been transferred by Volkswagen Pon Financial 
Services B.V.  for the relevant Monthly Period exceeds the Lease Collections, Vehicle Realisation Proceeds 
and other amounts collected by it for such Monthly Period or whether the Lease Collections, Vehicle 
Realisation Proceeds and other amounts collected by it for the relevant Monthly Period exceed the Monthly 
Collateral for such Monthly Period. 
On any Payment Date Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V.'s obligation to pay such Lease Collections, 
Vehicle Realisation Proceeds and other amounts received by Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. for 
the relevant Monthly Period into the Distribution Account will be netted with its claim for repayment of the 
Monthly Collateral for such Monthly Period and such Monthly Collateral (after netting) will form part of the 
Available Distribution Amount on such Payment Date. If for such Monthly Period the Monthly Servicer Report 
shows (a) that the Monthly Collateral which has been transferred by Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. 
for the relevant Monthly Period on the respective Monthly Collateral Payment Date exceeds the Lease 
Collections, Vehicle Realisation Proceeds and other amounts received by Volkswagen Pon Financial 
Services B.V. for such Monthly Period, such excess shall be released to Volkswagen Pon Financial Services 
B.V. outside the Order of Priority on the relevant Payment Date or (b) that the Lease Collections, Vehicle 
Realisation Proceeds and other amounts received by the Servicer for such Monthly Period exceed the 
Monthly Collateral which has been transferred by Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. for the relevant 
Monthly Period on the respective Monthly Collateral Payment Date, an amount equal to such excess shall be 
paid into the Distribution Account by Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. on the relevant Payment Date. 
When the Monthly Remittance Condition is satisfied again, any Monthly Collateral standing to the credit of 
the Distribution Account shall be released to the Servicer outside the Order of Priority on the next Payment 
Date following such satisfaction. 
Monthly Investor Report 
On or prior to the date falling five (5) Business Days prior to each Monthly Investor Report Performance Date, 
the Servicer shall pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, prepare and deliver via facsimile, email, CD-ROM or

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
any other agreed electronic means a report applicable to the relevant Collection Period (each a "Monthly 
Investor Report") to the Issuer, the Maintenance Coordinator, the Principal Paying Agent, the Account Bank, 
the Cash Administrator, the Noteholders, the Calculation Agent, the Swap Counterparty, the Security Trustee, 
the Subordinated Lender and each Rating Agency. 
If the information given in the Monthly Investor Report is not sufficient for the Issuer, the Maintenance 
Coordinator, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Swap Counterparty, any Rating Agency, 
the Subordinated Lender or the Security Trustee, the Servicer shall give such assistance as reasonably 
requested in order for such parties to perform their respective roles or duties under the Programme 
Documents. 
Additionally, VWPFS in its capacity as originator as designated reporting entity under Article 7 of the 
Securitisation Regulation undertakes to the Issuer under the Servicing Agreement that it will make the 
information available to the Noteholders, to competent authorities, as referred to in Article 29 of the 
Securitisation Regulation and to potential Noteholders all such information as the Issuer is required to make 
available pursuant to and in compliance with the Securitisation Regulation Disclosure Requirements. The 
Servicer will make such information available via the Securitisation Repository. 
Termination and Replacement of the Servicer 
After the occurrence of a Servicer Replacement Event, the Issuer and the Security Trustee, acting jointly, 
may at once or at any time thereafter while such Servicer Replacement Event continues by notice in writing 
to the Servicer terminate the Servicing Agreement, with effect from a date (not earlier than the date of the 
notice) specified in the notice provided that the effective date of such termination shall be no earlier than that 
a replacement servicer has taken over the services performed by the Servicer on terms substantially similar 
to the existing Servicing Agreement. 
Realisation 
The Servicer will undertake to use its best efforts to sell, on behalf of and for the account of the Issuer, the 
Purchased Vehicles where the Call Option Buyer has not exercised the Repurchase Option or the Issuer has 
not exercised its Put Option, in each case after the Purchased Vehicle has been returned to the Servicer in 
accordance with the Servicing Agreement. The Servicer shall only sell the related Purchased Vehicles at such 
time if this would not result in a breach of the relevant Lease Agreement. 
Recovery of Lease Instalments 
Under the Servicing Agreement the Servicer shall take all reasonable steps to recover all sums due by the 
Lessees under or in connection with the relevant Lease Agreements. 
The Servicer will, in relation to any default by a Lessee under the relevant Lease Agreement, comply in all 
material respects with the applicable Credit and Collection Procedures, or, to the extent that the Credit and 
Collection Procedures are not applicable due to the nature of the default in question, take such action as a 
reasonably prudent lessor of Vehicles in the Netherlands would do in respect of such default, provided that: 
a) 
the Servicer shall only become obliged to comply with the applicable Credit and Collection 
Procedures (to the extent applicable) or to take action as aforesaid after the occurrence of any default 
by a Lessee; and 
b) 
it is acknowledged by the Issuer and the Security Trustee that the Servicer may exercise such 
discretion as would be exercised by a reasonably prudent lessor of Vehicles in the Netherlands in 
applying recovery procedures in respect of any relevant Lease Agreement or taking action as 
aforesaid. 
Where the Servicer has undertaken any of the applicable Credit and Collection Procedures or taken any other 
action as referred to in the paragraph above in respect of any relevant Lease Agreement and the Servicer, 
the Servicer shall, subject to the relevant terms of the Servicing Agreement, have authority, but not in any 
way an obligation, to:

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
a) 
grant rebates, extensions, payment holidays or adjustments in respect of a relevant Lease 
Receivable comprised in a Portfolio; 
b) 
waive the Lease Instalments outstanding (if any) under the relevant Lease Agreement, together with 
any prepayment charges, late payment fees or any other fee that may be collected in the ordinary 
course of the servicing of a Lease Receivable in a Portfolio in part or in full; and 
c) 
agree to settlements, compromises, variations or restructurings with the Lessees or any other Person 
in respect of a relevant Lease Agreements. 
Reporting 
The Servicer will include certain pre-agreed information regarding the Purchased Vehicles in the Monthly 
Investor Report. Such information shall (a) cover the Collection Period immediately preceding the relevant 
Calculation Date and (b) in any event include (i) a cash flow report, (ii) the stratification tables and (iii) the list 
of Purchased Vehicles. 
The Servicer will agree and covenant to the Issuer to also provide the Issuer and the Security Trustee with 
any information the Issuer or the Security Trustee may reasonably request. 
Reporting under the Swap Agreement 
The Servicer undertakes to the Issuer that no less than once per year (and in accordance with the European 
Market Infrastructure Regulation, as amended from time to time, ("EMIR"), commencing on the date of the 
Swap Agreement, it shall procure on behalf of the Issuer the performance with the Swap Counterparties of a 
reconciliation of all outstanding transactions under the Swap Agreements for the purposes of ensuring 
agreement as to the key terms of such transactions (including, without limitation, the effective date, position 
of the swap counterparties, currency of the transaction, the underlying instrument, the business day 
convention, notional amounts, payment dates, termination dates, fixed amounts and/ or floating amounts) 
under the Swap Agreements. 
Description of functions of the Maintenance Coordinator 
The Maintenance Coordinator shall, at all times during the term of the Servicing Agreement, devote or procure 
that there is devotion to the performance of its obligations, exercise of its discretions and its exercise of the 
rights of the Issuer and following the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, the Security Trustee in respect of 
the Maintenance Services at least the same (i) amount of time, (ii) attention and (iii) level of skill, care and 
diligence in the performance of those obligations and discretions and the exercise of those rights as it would 
if it were providing the Maintenance Services in respect of assets which it beneficially owned, and, in any 
event, will act as reasonably prudent maintenance coordinator of Vehicles and will devote all due skill, care 
and diligence to the performance of its obligations and the exercise of its discretions hereunder at all times 
whilst coordinating the Maintenance Services hereunder, but the Maintenance Coordinator shall not be 
required to do or cause to be done anything which it is prevented from doing by any regulatory direction or 
any relevant requirement of law and shall comply in all material respects with the Maintenance Procedures. 
Senior Maintenance Coordinator Fee / Maintenance Coordinator Fee 
In consideration of the performance of the Maintenance Services, the Issuer shall pay to the Maintenance 
Coordinator for its services under the Servicing Agreement the Senior Maintenance Coordinator Fee including 
any applicable VAT (if any), which Senior Maintenance Coordinator Fee shall be payable on each Payment 
Date with respect to the immediately preceding Collection Period, subject to and in accordance with the 
relevant Order of Priority. 
Upon the occurrence of the Maintenance Coordinator Replacement Event, the Issuer shall pay to the 
replacement Maintenance Coordinator for its services under the Servicing Agreement the Replacement 
Maintenance Coordinator Fee including any applicable VAT (if any). 
Termination and Replacement of the Maintenance Coordinator 
After the occurrence of the Maintenance Coordinator Replacement Event or an Event of Default in respect of 
the Maintenance Coordinator, the Issuer and the Security Trustee acting jointly, or the Security Trustee acting

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
solely may at once or at any time subsequently by notice in writing to the Maintenance Coordinator terminate 
the appointment of the Maintenance Coordinator with effect from a date (not earlier than the date of the notice) 
specified in the notice, provided that the Maintenance Coordinator shall not be released from its obligations 
under the relevant provisions of the Servicing Agreement until a replacement Maintenance Coordinator has 
been appointed and such replacement Maintenance Coordinator acts as Maintenance Coordinator.

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
RESERVE FUNDING AGREEMENT 
On the Signing Date, the Issuer, the Security Trustee and the Reserve Funding Provider have entered into 
a reserve funding agreement (the "Reserve Funding Agreement") pursuant to which the Reserve Funding 
Provider agrees to make available to the Issuer Maintenance Reserve Advances and to fund the Buffer 
Release Reserve in accordance with the terms of the Reserve Funding Agreement. 
Maintenance Reserve Advances 
Pursuant to the Reserve Funding Agreement, the Reserve Funding Provider agrees to make available to the 
Issuer at all times within thirty (30) calendar days following the occurrence of a Reserve Trigger Event which 
is continuing or an Insolvency Event in relation to the Maintenance Coordinator, the Maintenance Reserve 
Advance in an amount such that the balance on the Maintenance Reserve Ledger is equal to the Required 
Maintenance Reserve Amount, which amount will be paid by the Reserve Funding Provider to the Cash 
Collateral Account and on the same day be credited by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Maintenance Reserve 
Ledger. 
Further Maintenance Reserve Advances 
If on any Calculation Date, the amount standing to the credit of the Maintenance Reserve Ledger falls short 
of the Required Maintenance Reserve Amount for the immediately succeeding Payment Date, the Reserve 
Funding Provider will advance to the Issuer an amount (if such amount is greater than zero) equal to such 
shortfall on such Payment Date (a "Further Maintenance Reserve Advance"). 
Each Further Maintenance Reserve Advance will be paid to the Cash Collateral Account and on the same 
day credited by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Maintenance Reserve Ledger. 
Repayment of Maintenance Reserve Advances 
If on any Payment Date prior to the service of an Enforcement Notice, the balance deposited on the 
Maintenance Reserve Ledger exceeds the actual Required Maintenance Reserve Amount, such excess shall 
be applied to repayment of the Maintenance Reserve Advance in equal parts (whereby such excess shall not 
form part of the Available Distribution Amount). 
Buffer Release Reserve  
Pursuant to the Reserve Funding Agreement, the Reserve Funding Provider agrees to fund at all times within 
thirty (30) calendar days following the occurrence of a Reserve Trigger Event which is continuing, the Buffer 
Release Reserve Advance in an amount such that the balance on the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger is 
equal to the Required Buffer Release Reserve Amount, which amount will be paid by the Reserve Funding 
Provider to the Cash Collateral Account and on the same day be credited by or on behalf of the Issuer to the 
Buffer Release Reserve Ledger. 
Repayment of the Buffer Release Reserve 
If on any Payment Date prior to the service of an Enforcement Notice, the balance deposited on the Buffer 
Release Reserve Ledger exceeds the actual Required Buffer Release Reserve Amount, such excess shall 
be repaid to the Reserve Funding Provider (whereby such excess shall not form part of the Available 
Distribution Amount).

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
SWAP AGREEMENTS AND SWAP COUNTERPARTIES 
The Issuer will enter into a Swap Agreement with respect to each Series of Notes with DZ BANK AG Deutsche 
Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main. The Swap Agreement will hedge the floating interest rate 
risk on the applicable Series of Notes. 
The Swap Counterparty will be any entity which is an Eligible Swap Counterparty. 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main ("DZ BANK") is registered with 
the commercial register (Handelsregister) of the local court (Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am Main under 
registration number HRB 45651. The legal entity identifier (LEI) is 529900HNOAA1KXQJUQ27. 
DZ BANK is a company of the cooperative tradition. As central credit institution, it is responsible for the liquidity 
balancing for the affiliated cooperative banks and the institutions of the Volksbanken Raiffeisenbanken 
cooperative financial network. 
DZ BANK may engage in all types of banking transactions that constitute the business of banking and in 
transactions complementary thereto, including the acquisition of equity investments. DZ BANK may also attain 
its objectives indirectly. 
In exceptional cases DZ BANK may, for the purpose of furthering the cooperative system and the cooperative 
housing sector, deviate from ordinary banking practices in extending credit. In evaluating whether any 
extension of credit is justified, the liability of cooperative members may be taken into account to the extent 
appropriate. 
DZ BANK is acting as a central bank, corporate bank and parent holding company of the DZ BANK Group. 
The DZ BANK Group forms part of the German Volksbanken Raiffeisenbanken cooperative financial network, 
which comprises around 700 cooperative banks and is one of Germany’s largest financial services 
organisations measured in terms of total assets.  
As a central institution, DZ BANK is strictly geared to the interests of the cooperative banks, which are both 
its owners and its most important customers. Using a customized product portfolio and customer-focused 
marketing, DZ BANK aims to ensure that the cooperative banks continually improve their competitiveness on 
the basis of their brands and - from the Issuer's point of view - a leading market position. In addition, DZ BANK 
is in its function as central bank for all cooperative banks in Germany responsible for the liquidity management 
within the Volksbanken Raiffeisenbanken cooperative financial network. 
As a corporate bank DZ BANK serves companies and institutions that need a banking partner that operates 
at the national level. DZ BANK offers the full range of products and services of an international oriented 
financial institution with a special focus on Europe. DZ BANK also provides access to the international 
financial markets for its partner institutions and their customers. 
DZ BANK Group´s business activities include the four strategic business units Retail Banking, Corporate 
Banking, Capital Markets and Transaction Banking.  
The information in the preceding paragraphs has been provided by DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-
Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main for use in this Base Prospectus and DZ BANK AG Deutsche 
Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main is solely responsible for the accuracy of the preceding 
paragraphs. Except for the preceding paragraphs, DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, 
Frankfurt am Main in its capacity as Swap Counterparty, and its Affiliates have not been involved in the 
preparation of, and do not accept responsibility for, this Base Prospectus.  
To the best knowledge and belief of the Issuer, the above information has been accurately reproduced. The 
Issuer is able to ascertain from the above information published by the Swap Counterparty that no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The Swap Agreements  
Under each Swap Agreement relating to the Class A Notes the Issuer will undertake to pay to the respective 
Swap Counterparty on each Payment Date an amount equal to the amount of interest on the nominal amount 
of the Class A Notes outstanding on each Payment Date, calculated on the basis of a fixed rate of interest of 
2.75 per cent. per annum on the basis of 30/360. The respective Swap Counterparty will undertake to pay to

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
the Issuer on each Payment Date an amount equal to the floating rate of interest on such outstanding nominal 
amount of the Class A Notes, calculated on the basis of EURIBOR plus 0.67 per cent. per annum on the basis 
of the actual number of days elapsed in an Interest Accrual Period divided by 360, and subject to a floor of 
zero. 
Under each Swap Agreement relating to Class B Notes the Issuer will undertake to pay to the respective 
Swap Counterparty on each Payment Date an amount equal to the amount of interest on the nominal amount 
of the Class B Notes outstanding on each Payment Date, calculated on the basis of a fixed rate of interest of 
3.42 per cent. per annum on the basis of 30/360. The respective Swap Counterparty will undertake to pay to 
the Issuer on each Payment Date an amount equal to the floating rate of interest on such outstanding nominal 
amount of the Class B Notes, calculated on the basis of EURIBOR plus 1.35 per cent. per annum on the basis 
of the actual number of days elapsed in an Interest Accrual Period divided by 360, and subject to a floor of 
zero. 
Payments under each Swap Agreement will be exchanged on a net basis on each Payment Date. Payments 
made by the Issuer under the Swap Agreements (other than termination payments related to an event of 
default where the Swap Counterparty is a defaulting party, or termination event due to the failure by the Swap 
Counterparty to take required action after a downgrade of its credit rating) rank higher in priority than all 
payments on the Notes. If the amounts paid by the Issuer to a Swap Counterparty are insufficient to meet the 
Issuer's payment obligations under the Swap Agreements, such payments by the Issuer will be used for 
payments due under the each Swap Agreement relating to the Class A Notes and, to the extent such payment 
obligations have been fully satisfied, will be used for payments due under each Swap Agreement relating to 
the Class B Notes. Payments by a Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the respective Swap Agreements 
will be made into the Distribution Account and will, to the extent necessary, be increased to ensure that such 
payments are free and clear of all taxes.  
Events of default under the Swap Agreements applicable to the Issuer are limited to, and (among other things) 
events of default applicable to the respective Swap Counterparty include, the following: 
(1) 
failure to make a payment under the Swap Agreements when due, if such failure is not remedied 
within three Business Days of notice of such failure being given; or 
(2) 
the occurrence of certain bankruptcy and insolvency events. 
Termination events under the Swap Agreements include, among other things, the following: 
(1) 
illegality of the transactions contemplated by the Swap Agreements; or 
(2) 
an Enforcement Event under the Trust Agreement occurs or any Clean-Up Call or prepayment in full, 
but not in part, of the Notes occurs; or 
(3) 
failure of the respective Swap Counterparty to maintain its credit rating at certain levels required by 
the Swap Agreement, which failure may not constitute a termination event if (in the time set forth in 
the applicable Swap Agreement) the respective Swap Counterparty: 
(i) 
posts an amount of collateral (in the form of cash and/or securities) as set forth in the 
relevant Swap Agreement; or 
(ii) 
obtains a guarantee from a guarantor, having the same minimum ratings as an Eligible Swap 
Counterparty; or 
(iii) 
transfers its rights and obligations under the Swap Agreement to an Eligible Swap 
Counterparty. 
Upon the occurrence of any event of default or termination event specified in a Swap Agreement, the non-
defaulting party, an affected party or the party which is not the affected party (as the case may be, depending 
on the termination event) may, after a period of time set forth in the Swap Agreement, elect to terminate such 
Swap Agreement. If a Swap Agreement is terminated due to an event of default or a termination event, a 
Swap Termination Payment may be due to the respective Swap Counterparty by the Issuer out of its available 
funds. The amount of any such Swap Termination Payment may be based on the actual cost or market

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
quotations of the cost of entering into a similar swap transaction or such other methods as may be required 
under the Swap Agreement, in each case in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Swap Agreement. 
Any such Swap Termination Payment could, if market rates or other conditions have changed materially, be 
substantial. Under certain circumstances, Swap Termination Payments required to be made by the Issuer to 
a Swap Counterparty will rank higher in priority than all payments on the Notes. In such event, the Purchased 
Receivables and the General Cash Collateral Amount may be insufficient to make the required payments on 
the Notes and the Noteholders may experience delays and/or reductions in the interest and principal 
payments on the Notes. If a Swap Termination Payment is due to the respective Swap Counterparty, any 
Swap Replacement Proceeds shall to the extent of that Swap Termination Payment be paid directly to such 
Swap Counterparty causing the event of default or termination event without regard to the Order of Priority 
as specified in the relevant Swap Agreement.  
A Swap Counterparty may, at its own cost, transfer its obligations under the Swap Agreement to a third party 
which is the Eligible Swap Counterparty. There can be no assurance that the credit quality of the replacement 
Swap Counterparty will ultimately prove as strong as that of the original Swap Counterparty. Any Swap 
Termination Payments exceeding Swap Replacement Proceeds will be paid to such Swap Counterparty in 
accordance with the Order of Priority. 
Governing law 
The Swap Agreements, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Swap 
Agreements, are and will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
The Security Assignment Deed 
Pursuant to the Security Assignment Deed, the Issuer assigns to the Security Trustee as security for the 
payment and discharge of the Secured Obligations all of the Issuer's right, title and interest from time to time 
deriving or accruing from the Swap Agreements (other than in relation to credit support provided thereunder). 
All rights, benefits and interests granted to or conferred upon the Security Trustee and all other rights, powers 
and discretions granted to or conferred upon the Security Trustee under the Security Assignment Deed shall 
be held by the Security Trustee on trust for the benefit of itself and for the Programme Creditors from time to 
time subject to and in accordance with the Security Assignment Deed and the Trust Agreement. The Security 
Assignment Deed is governed by English law.

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
TAXATION 
WARNING 
This section sets out a summary of certain taxation considerations relating to the Notes 
Potential investors should note that the tax legislation of the Noteholders' member state and of the relevant 
Issuer's country of incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. All prospective 
Noteholders should seek independent advice as to their tax position. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON TAX WITHHOLDINGS (INCLUDING WITHHOLDING TAX/CAPITAL 
GAINS TAX) FOR PAYMENTS UNDER THE NOTES 
As described in the Conditions, all payments of principal and any interest are effected less any legally owed 
withholding tax (including withholding taxes/capital gains tax or flat rate tax, including any surcharges and 
church taxes), and without payment of additional amounts pursuant to Condition 10 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Class A Notes and Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions of the Class B Notes. 
SPECIFIC INFORMATION ON FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, commonly known as FATCA, a 30% 
withholding tax will be imposed on certain payments to certain non-U.S. financial institutions that fail to comply 
with information reporting requirements or certification requirements in respect of their direct and indirect 
United States shareholders and/or United States accountholders and on certain payments made by non- U.S. 
financial institutions. The United States of America has entered into an intergovernmental agreement 
regarding the implementation of FATCA with the Netherlands (the "Netherlands IGA"). Under the 
Netherlands IGA, as currently drafted, a financial institution that is treated as resident in Netherlands and that 
complies with the requirements of the Netherlands IGA will not be subject to FATCA withholding on payments 
it receives and will not be required to withhold on payments of non-U.S. source income. As a result, the Issuer 
does not expect payments made on or with respect to the Securities to be subject to withholding under 
FATCA. Account holders and investors are obliged however to report certain information to the Issuer and 
the Issuer is obliged to report this information with respect to its account holders and investors to the public 
authorities of the home country for forwarding to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS"). Significant 
aspects of when and how FATCA will apply remain unclear, and no assurance can be given that withholding 
under FATCA will not become relevant with respect to payments made on or with respect to the Securities in 
the future. 
Potential investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the potential impact of FATCA.

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
VERIFICATION BY SVI 
STS Verification International GmbH ("SVI") has been authorised by the German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht) as third party pursuant to Article 28 
of the Securitisation Regulation. 
The verification label “verified – STS VERIFICATION INTERNATIONAL” has been officially registered as a 
trade mark and is licensed to an issuer of securities if the securities meet the requirements for simple, 
transparent and standardised securitisation as set out in Articles 19 to 26e of the Securitisation Regulation. 
The verification label is issued on the basis of SVI’s verification process, which is explained in detail on the 
SVI website (www.sts-verification-international.com). The verification process is based on the SVI verification 
manual. It describes the verification process and the individual inspections in detail. The verification manual 
is authoritative for all parties involved in the verification process and its application ensures an objective and 
uniform verification of transactions to be verified.
The originator included in its notification pursuant to Article 27(1) of the Securitisation Regulation a statement 
that compliance of its securitisation with the STS criteria has been verified by SVI.

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
HIRE PURCHASE OF LEASED VEHICLES 
The hire purchase of Leased Vehicles under the Master Hire Purchase Agreement 
Initial Hire Purchase 
Under the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, the Issuer will from time to time hire purchase Leased Vehicles 
from the Seller which meet the Eligibility Criteria, pursuant to a hire purchase agreement (overeenkomst van 
huurkoop) within the meaning of article 7:84 paragraph 3 under b or, with respect to a hire purchase 
agreement entered into prior to 1 January 2017, article 7A:1576h of the Dutch Civil Code (each such 
agreement a "Hire Purchase Contract"). Each Hire Purchase Contract forms part of the relevant Combined 
Transfer Deed. In addition, in the relevant Combined Transfer Deed, the Seller assigns its rights and claims 
under or in connection with each of the associated Lease Agreements to the Issuer by means of a deed of 
assignment, as included in the Combined Transfer Deed, within the meaning of article 3:94 of the Dutch Civil 
Code (forming part of the relevant Combined Transfer Deed) which deed will be registered with the competent 
Dutch tax authorities (Belastingdienst) as soon as possible but in any event within three (3) Business Days 
after the relevant Purchase Date. In addition the Seller will send a notification to the relevant Lessee 
immediately after execution of the relevant Combined Transfer Deed, but at the latest within ten (10) Business 
Days after the relevant Purchase Date (it being understood that each Lessee that has already been notified 
of an earlier hire purchase of Leased Vehicles and assignment of Lease Receivables, will not receive any 
additional notification). 
Delivery (levering) of the relevant Purchased Vehicle occurs by the Seller providing the control (macht) of 
such Purchased Vehicle to the Issuer on the relevant Purchase Date. To this effect the Seller shall execute a 
declaration incorporated in the relevant Combined Transfer Deed to confirm that it transfers control over the 
relevant Purchased Vehicle to the Issuer on the associated Purchase Date. In addition notification will be 
given to the relevant Lessees whereby each Lessee will be informed, among other things, that the Lessee 
will have to adhere to any instructions which will as from the date of the relevant notification be sent to the 
Lessee by or on behalf of the Seller, also acting on behalf of the Issuer. The details as to which Leased 
Vehicles leased by the relevant Lessee are subject to the hire purchase will be made available to the Lessee 
upon request. Until the occurrence of a Lease Termination Date, the Issuer's control of each Purchased 
Vehicle will be indirect (middellijk). In other words, until the occurrence of a Lease Termination Date, the 
Issuer will exercise its control through the relevant Lessee. 
On the Closing Date, the Issuer and the Security Trustee have entered into Hire Purchase Contracts with the 
Seller each relating to Leased Vehicles forming part of the Initial Portfolio, by means of the execution of the 
relevant Combined Transfer Deed. 
As of 1 January 2017, new legislation applies to hire purchase agreements entered into as of such date. With 
respect to Hire Purchase Contracts entered into prior to 1 January 2017, most of the provisions in the Dutch 
Civil Code on hire purchase agreements (as such provisions applied until 1 January 2017) are (and will 
continue to be) mandatory. One of these mandatory rules is the requirement to state in the hire purchase 
agreement (i) the relevant purchase price, (ii) a regular payment scheme of instalments, and (iii) conditions 
regarding the retention and transfer of legal title. The Master Hire Purchase Agreement complies with the 
above requirements. The change in legislation does not affect the terms agreed in the Master Hire Purchase 
Agreement. 
Additional Hire Purchase 
As from the Closing Date and as long as the Revolving Period has not expired or terminated, the Seller may 
offer to the Issuer to enter into a Hire Purchase Contract with respect to any Additional Leased Vehicle by 
delivery of a duly executed and completed Combined Transfer Deed, which shall constitute an irrevocable 
offer by the Seller to sell to the Issuer on the first following Payment Date additional Leased Vehicles by way 
of hire purchase (huurkoop) within the meaning of article 7:84 paragraph 3 under b or, with respect to a hire 
purchase agreement entered into prior to 1 January 2017, article 7A:1576h of the Dutch Civil Code. The 
Issuer shall, subject to conformity with the Eligibility Criteria, provided that sufficient funds are or will be 
available to the Issuer under the relevant Programme Documents and subject to the other terms and 
conditions of the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, be obliged to accept such offer by way of counter-
execution of the relevant Combined Transfer Deed, which shall include a separate Hire Purchase Contract in 
respect of each Additional Leased Vehicle, to which is attached an updated Electronic File and an updated

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
Encrypted List relating to the respective Combined Transfer Deed, such agreement to be effective as from 
the relevant Purchase Date. Furthermore, the Combined Transfer Deed shall provide for an assignment by 
the Seller of all Lease Receivables under or in connection with the associated Lease Agreement within the 
meaning of article 3:94 of the Dutch Civil Code which deed will be registered with the competent Dutch tax 
authorities (Belastingdienst) as soon as possible but in any event within three (3) Business Days after the 
relevant Purchase Date. In addition the Seller will send a notification to the relevant Lessee immediately after 
execution of the relevant Combined Transfer Deed, but at the latest within ten (10) Business Days after the 
relevant Purchase Date (it being understood that each Lessee that has already been notified of an earlier hire 
purchase of Leased Vehicles and assignment of Lease Receivables, will not receive any additional 
notification). 
The Seller shall provide the Issuer with (i) an Electronic File attached to the respective Combined Transfer 
Deed where the information about the leases does not relate to any Personal Data and is only distinguishable 
by lease contract numbers and (ii) an Encrypted List attached to the respective Combined Transfer Deed with 
the Personal Data (name, address of the Lessees and the vehicle registration number) of the Lessees which 
may be read only with the Portfolio Decryption Key and which is necessary for the identification of the 
Lessees. 
Risks, benefit, proceeds and assignment 
As of the relevant Cut-Off Date, the risk and benefit relating to a Purchased Vehicle will be for the account of 
the Issuer. The obligations of the Seller in respect of a Purchased Vehicle will remain with the Seller until 
such time as the Issuer acquires full title (eigendom) to the relevant Purchased Vehicle. The Issuer will appoint 
the Servicer to perform such obligations and exercise such rights with respect to the Leased Vehicles and the 
Lease Agreements subject to and in accordance with the Servicing Agreement. 
Pursuant to article 7:226 of the Dutch Civil Code the Issuer will only be entitled to the receivables which 
become due and payable under the Lease Agreements after it has become the unconditional legal owner of 
the Purchased Vehicles. To ensure that the Issuer will be entitled to such receivables prior to the Issuer being 
the unconditional legal owner of the Purchased Vehicles, it is agreed in the Master Hire Purchase Agreement 
for each Purchased Vehicle that all associated Lease Receivables will qualify as proceeds (vruchten) of such 
Purchased Vehicle as referred to in article 7:14 and for an analogous application of article 5:17 or, with respect 
to a Hire Purchase Contract entered into prior to 1 January 2017, article 7A:1576n of the Dutch Civil Code, 
with the intent that the Issuer will by operation of law be entitled to such proceeds from the relevant Purchase 
Date. The Issuer has been advised that the purchaser under a hire purchase agreement is entitled to all 
revenues (vruchten) generated by the assets subject to the hire purchase agreement, unless agreed 
otherwise therein. The Issuer has been advised that there are strong arguments for the view that (i) the Lease 
Receivables due under the associated Lease Agreements qualify as revenues within the meaning of article 
7:14 and for an analogous application of article 5:17 or, with respect to a Hire Purchase Contract entered into 
prior to 1 January 2017, article 7A:1576n of the Dutch Civil Code and (ii) on the basis of article 7:14 and an 
analogous application of article 5:17 or, with respect to a Hire Purchase Contract entered into prior to 1 
January 2017, article 7A:1576n of the Dutch Civil Code and the terms of the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, 
the Issuer will be entitled to such Lease Receivables. This would mean that the Issuer, as the purchaser 
under the Hire Purchase Contracts, will be entitled to receive the Lease Receivables due and payable under 
the associated Lease Agreements as long as the Hire Purchase Contracts relating to the relevant Purchased 
Vehicles have not been terminated. 
To the extent that the Issuer would not be entitled to the Lease Receivables as revenues (vruchten) generated 
by the assets subject to the hire purchase agreement in the manner described in the preceding paragraph, 
the Issuer will be entitled to these Lease Receivables as a result of the assignment of any and all Lease 
Receivables by the Seller to the Issuer. Such assignment will be executed by means of a deed of assignment 
within the meaning of article 3:94 of the Dutch Civil Code, as included in the Combined Transfer Deed, entered 
into between the Seller and the Issuer. A notification will be sent to the relevant Lessee and each deed of 
assignment shall be registered with the competent Dutch tax authorities (Belastingdienst). As a result of such 
registration the Issuer will become the legal owner of such Lease Receivables. The Issuer has agreed with 
the Servicer that the Servicer will collect the relevant Lease Receivables on behalf of the Issuer in accordance 
with the Servicing Agreement. 
As a matter of the laws of The Netherlands, the distinction between 'existing' receivables and 'future' 
receivables is relevant in relation to an assignment or pledge of receivables. If receivables are to be regarded

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
as future receivables, an assignment and/or pledge thereof will not be effective to the extent the receivable 
comes into existence after or on the date on which the assignor/pledgor is declared bankrupt or a moratorium 
of payments with respect to the assignor/pledgor has occurred. If, however, receivables are to be considered 
as existing receivables, the assignment and pledge thereof are not affected by the bankruptcy or moratorium 
of payments of the assignor/pledgor. According to a judgment of the Dutch Supreme Court (Hoge Raad) 
rental instalments that are not yet due and payable are to be considered as future receivables. Given the fact 
that operational lease agreements qualify as rental agreements under the laws of The Netherlands, amounts 
payable under the Lease Agreements constitute future receivables to the extent that such amounts become 
due and payable on a date subsequent to the date of the assignment or pledge thereof. Consequently, an 
assignment on any Purchase Date of receivables under the Lease Agreements that are not yet due and 
payable on such date would not be effective to the extent such receivables become due and payable on or 
after the date on which an Insolvency Event with respect to the Seller has occurred. 
To address this, the Issuer will enter into a Hire Purchase Contract with respect to each Purchased Vehicle 
pursuant to which it will become the unconditional legal owner of a Purchased Vehicle upon payment in full 
of the Purchase Price, irrespective of whether in the meantime an Insolvency Event has occurred in respect 
of the Seller. 
Full title 
By operation of law, full title (eigendom) to any Purchased Vehicle shall transfer to the Issuer upon full 
discharge of the Purchase Price in respect of such Purchased Vehicle, regardless whether an Insolvency 
Event with respect to the Seller has occurred at such time. If an Insolvency Event in respect of the Seller 
occurs, an accelerated payment of the Final Purchase Instalment is envisaged to take place. This accelerated 
payment will be effected by means of a set-off (verrekening) of the relevant Purchase Instalments by the 
Issuer against the accelerated (re)payment obligation of the Seller to the Issuer pursuant to the Issuer Facility 
Agreement. 
In respect of each Purchased Vehicle it is agreed in the Master Hire Purchase Agreement that all rights and 
obligations under the associated Lease Agreements will qualify as being "directly connected to the granting 
of quiet enjoyment against payment of lease instalments" (die onmiddellijk verband houden met het doen 
hebben van het gebruik van de zaak tegen een door de huurder te betalen tegenprestatie) as referred to in 
article 7:226(3) of the Dutch Civil Code. The intention is that, upon the transfer to the Issuer of full title of the 
relevant Purchased Vehicle, all such rights and obligations transfer to the Issuer by operation of law. The 
Issuer has agreed in the Master Hire Purchase Agreement with the Seller and the Security Trustee that if and 
to the extent for any Purchased Vehicle, any right or obligation under the associated Lease Agreement does 
not qualify as being "directly connected to the granting of quiet enjoyment against payment of lease 
instalments" (onmiddellijk verband houdt met het doen hebben van het gebruik van de zaak tegen een door 
de huurder te betalen tegenprestatie), as referred to in article 7:226(3) of the Dutch Civil Code, and therefore 
will not transfer to the Issuer by operation of law upon the transfer to the Issuer of full title to the relevant 
Purchased Vehicle, the Issuer will assume and bear the risks of any such obligations. 
Representations and Warranties 
Under or pursuant to the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, the Seller will represent and warrant with respect 
to the Leased Vehicles to be purchased from it by the Issuer on any Purchase Date and each associated 
Lease Agreement and Lease Receivable (collectively, the "Leased Assets") as of such Purchase Date or, 
as the case may be, with respect to the Portfolio including such Leased Assets as of such Purchase Date, 
that the following representations and warranties are true, correct and not misleading in any material respect: 
Under or pursuant to the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, the Seller represents and warrants to the Issuer 
and the Security Trustee with respect to the Leased Vehicles to be purchased by the Issuer on such Purchase 
Date or, as the case may be, relating to the Portfolio including such Leased Assets as of such Purchase Date, 
and the associated Lease Agreements and Lease Receivables as of the relevant Purchase Date the 
representations and warranties set forth below are true, correct and not misleading in any material respect: 
1. 
no restrictions on the transfer of the Leased Assets are in effect and the Leased Assets are capable 
of being transferred;

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
2. 
subject to Adverse Claims under the BOVAG General Conditions, (i) the Seller has full right and title 
to the Leased Asset, free and clear of any Adverse Claim, and has power to transfer or encumber (is 
beschikkingsbevoegd) the Leased Asset and the Seller has not agreed to transfer or encumber it, 
whether or not in advance, in whole or in part, in any way whatsoever, (ii) otherwise there is no person 
or entity with a prior proprietary right (oorspronkelijk rechthebbende) or privileged receivable 
(gepriviligeerde schuldeiser) in respect of it, save in accordance with any of the Programme 
Documents and (iii) there is no default in the performance of any obligation under the sale and 
purchase agreement relating to the Leased Vehicle; 
3. 
each of the Leased Assets meets the Eligibility Criteria as of the respective Cut-Off Date; 
4. 
the particulars of each Leased Vehicle forming part of any Portfolio included in any Combined 
Transfer Deed are true and accurate as of the relevant Cut-Off Date in all material respects; 
5. 
it has taken out third party liability insurance (wettelijke aansprakelijkheidsverzekering), where it is 
under a statutory obligation to do so, and passenger insurance (inzittendenverzekering) in respect of 
each of the Purchased Vehicles in line with market practice, unless under the associated Lease 
Agreement the Lessee is obliged to take out such insurances; 
6. 
each associated Lease Agreement is in full force and effect and constitutes legal, valid and 
enforceable obligations of the parties thereto and is enforceable against such parties in accordance 
with the terms of the associated Lease Agreement and there is sufficient written evidence of such 
Lease Agreement; 
7. 
the obligations expressed to be assumed by it under the Programme Documents are legal and valid 
obligations binding on it and enforceable against it in accordance with their terms, except as such 
enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganisation or 
other similar laws affecting the enforcement of the rights of creditors generally; and 
8. 
Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. is the lessor under the associated Lease Agreement, 
each an "Asset Warranty" and together the "Asset Warranties". 
Under or pursuant to the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, the Seller further represents and warrants, that 
the Lease Receivables are originated in the ordinary course of its business pursuant to its Credit and 
Collection Procedures which also apply to receivables resulting from lease agreements which will not be 
securitised. In particular the Seller warrants and guarantees, that it has in place (i) effective systems to apply 
its Credit and Collection Procedures and (ii) processes for approving and, where relevant, amending, 
renewing and re-financing the Lease Receivables, in order to ensure that granting of the Lease Receivables 
is based on a thorough assessment of each Lessee's creditworthiness. Furthermore, the Seller represents 
and warrants, that the assessment of each Lessee's creditworthiness (i) will be performed on the basis of 
sufficient information, where appropriate obtained from the Lessee and, where necessary, on the basis of a 
consultation of the relevant database and (ii) will be repeated before any significant increase in the total 
amount is granted after the conclusion of the lease, in combination with an update of the Lessee's financial 
information. 
The Leased Assets acquired and transferred by assignment under the terms of the Master Hire Purchase 
Agreement from the Seller have, at the date of approval of the Base Prospectus, characteristics that 
demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any payments due and payable on the Notes. However, 
the Seller does not warrant the solvency (credit standing) of the relevant Lessee. 
Eligibility Criteria 
Pursuant to the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, a Leased Asset meets the Eligibility Criteria referred to 
under item (c) of the Asset Warranties if it meets the following criteria (collectively and individually, "Eligibility 
Criteria") on the relevant Purchase Date: 
1. 
the Leased Vehicle qualifies as passenger vehicle (personenauto), a van (bestelauto), or a 
commercial vehicle (commercieel voertuig);

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
2. 
the Leased Vehicles under the Lease Agreements are existing and registered in The Netherlands 
in accordance with the requirements under the Road Traffic Act 1994 (Wegenverkeerswet 1994); 
3. 
the Leased Vehicle is freely disposable and no third-party's rights prevent such dispositions; 
4. 
the Leased Vehicle is financed by the Seller; 
5. 
each Leased Vehicle has together with its keys (if applicable) and the identification papers been 
delivered (ter hand gesteld) by on or behalf of its supplier or, if applicable, the Seller to the relevant 
Lessee; 
6. 
the purchase price (including VAT) in respect of each Leased Vehicle has been paid in full to the 
relevant supplier; 
7. 
the Lease Agreements have been entered into exclusively with Lessees which, if they are corporate 
entities have their registered office or, if they are individuals have their place of residence in The 
Netherlands; 
8. 
the Lessee of the Leased Vehicle is not an affiliate or employee of the Seller; 
9. 
according to the Seller's records the Lessee of the Leased Vehicle is not insolvent  and no 
insolvency proceedings have been initiated against the Lessees during the term of the Lease 
Agreement up to the last day of the month preceding the Closing Date or the Additional Purchase 
Date, as applicable; 
10. 
each Lease Agreement is governed by the laws of The Netherlands; 
11. 
the Lease Receivables are denominated and payable in EUR; 
12. 
the Lessee has not been granted an option to purchase the Leased Vehicle upon the Lease Maturity 
Date for a purchase price less than its Estimated Residual Value; 
13. 
the transfer of the Leased Vehicle pursuant to the Combined Transfer Deed will not violate any 
agreement binding on the Seller; 
14. 
the details of the associated Lease Agreement contained in the data base Purchased Vehicles 
Records and systems and the particulars of the Lease Receivables associated to the relevant 
Leased Vehicle are sufficiently distinguishable to easily segregate and identify them for ownership 
and security purposes on any day; 
15. 
each Lease Agreement has been entered into in the forms and upon terms and conditions which 
were common in the Dutch auto lease market at the time of origination, which terms and conditions 
did not materially differ from the terms and conditions applied by a prudent lessor of vehicles in The 
Netherlands; 
16. 
each Lease Agreement is a legally valid and binding agreement; 
17. 
the Lease Agreements do not qualify as a financial lease, hire purchase (huurkoop) or a sale in 
instalment credit terms (koop op afbetaling); 
18. 
the Lease Agreements do not prohibit or restrict the Seller's capability to delegate the supply of 
certain services in connection with the Lease Agreements to third parties; 
19. 
the Lease Agreements do not permit the Lessees to terminate the Lease Agreements if an 
Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Seller, unless the lessee is required upon such 
termination to pay a Lease Agreement Early Termination Fee in respect of such Lease Agreements;  
20. 
the Lease Agreements are in the standard form as attached to the Master Hire Purchase Agreement 
as Schedule 6;

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
21. 
on the Initial Cut-Off Date or on the respective Additional Cut-Off Date, at least two Lease 
Instalments have been paid by the relevant Lessee in respect of each Corporate Lease Agreement 
and at least three Lease Instalments have been paid by the relevant Lessee in respect of each 
Private Lease Agreement and the Seller has not adjusted the Lease Instalments within three 
months after the conclusion of a Private Lease Agreement and no Lessee has taken any action for 
the applicable terms and conditions of the relevant Private Lease Agreement to be declared void 
and that the Lease Agreements require substantially equal monthly payments to be made within 
12-60 months of the date of origination of the Lease Agreement; 
22. 
the Present Value of the residual value on the relevant Lease Agreement is not more than 80% of 
the sum of (i) the Present Value of all future scheduled Lease Interest Components and Lease 
Principal Components and (ii) the Present Value of the Estimated Residual Value of the relevant 
Purchased Vehicle, at the Initial Cut-Off Date or Additional Cut-Off Date, as applicable; 
23. 
the Estimated Residual Value on the relevant Lease Agreement is not more than EUR 80,000; 
24. 
none of the Additional Lease Agreements will mature later than 18 months prior to the latest 
occurring Final Maturity Date under any of the Notes; 
25. 
no Lease Receivable was overdue at the last day of the month preceding the Closing Date or the 
Additional Purchase Date, as applicable; 
26. 
the Lease Receivables have a fixed interest rate; 
27. 
the Lease Receivables are assignable and the Lease Agreements require monthly payments in 
equal instalments; 
28. 
the Lease Receivables are freely disposable and free from rights of third parties and 
encumbrances; 
29. 
the Lease Receivables are free of defences, whether pre-emptory or otherwise for the agreed term 
of the Lease Agreements as well as free from rights of third parties and the Lessees have no set-
off claim; 
30. 
the Lease Receivables assigned do not represent a separately conducted business or business 
segment of the Seller; 
31. 
the Lease Receivables assigned will not include a Lease Receivable: 
a. relating to a Lessee who the Seller considers as unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Seller 
and/or to a Lessee who is past due more than 90 days on any material credit obligation to the 
Seller;  
b. relating to a credit-impaired Lessee or guarantor, who on the basis of information obtained (i) 
from a Lessee of the Lease Receivables, (ii) in the course of the Seller's servicing of the Lease 
Receivables, or of the Seller's risk management procedures or (iii) from a third party (including 
publicly available information): 
i. has had a court grant his creditors a final non-appealable right of enforcement or 
material damages as a result of a missed payment within three years prior to the date 
of origination or has undergone a debt-restructuring process with regard to his non-
performing exposures within three years prior to the date of transfer of the respective 
Lease Receivable to the Issuer; 
ii. was, at the time of origination, where applicable, on a public credit registry of persons 
with adverse credit history or, where there is no such public credit registry, another credit 
registry that is available to the Seller; or 
iii. has a credit assessment or a credit score indicating that the risk of contractually agreed 
payments not being made is significantly higher than for comparable receivables held 
by the Seller which are not securitised.

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
32. 
the purchase of Additional Lease Receivables will not have the result that the Aggregate 
Discounted Receivables Balance exceeds the following concentration limits with respect to the 
percentage of the Discounted Receivables Balance generated under Lease Agreements for (i) used 
vehicles (concentration limit: 6.5 per cent.), (ii) for Volkswagen Nutzfahrzeuge vehicles 
(concentration limit: 10 per cent.) and (iii) for non-Volkswagen, Audi, SEAT, Skoda or Volkswagen 
Nutzfahrzeuge vehicles (concentration limit: 25 per cent.); 
33. 
the total amount of Lease Receivables assigned under the Master Hire Purchase Agreement 
resulting from Lease Agreements with one and the same Lessee will not exceed  0.5 per cent. of 
the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance; 
34. 
the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance in EUR resulting from Lease Agreements with a 
remaining term of less than 12 months is not larger than 30 per cent. of the Aggregate Discounted 
Receivables Balance; 
35. 
the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance in EUR resulting from Lease Agreements with a 
remaining term of less than 36 months is not larger than 80 per cent. of the Aggregate Discounted 
Receivables Balance; and 
36. 
the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance in EUR resulting from Lease Agreements with a 
remaining term greater than 36 months is not larger than 70 per cent. of the Aggregate Discounted 
Receivables Balance. 
Purchase Price and Payment of Purchase Instalments 
The consideration for the hire purchase of a Purchased Vehicle together with the associated Lease 
Receivables pursuant to a Hire Purchase Contract entered into on any Purchase Date will be equal to the 
sum of all Purchase Instalments to be paid for that Purchased Vehicle and will be payable in the applicable 
number of Regular Purchase Instalments and one Final Purchase Instalment. There will be a Regular 
Purchase Instalment for each Collection Period that falls, in whole or in part, in the period from the applicable 
Purchase Date until the earlier of (i) the applicable Lease Early Termination Date and (ii) the applicable Lease 
Maturity Date. Each Regular Purchase Instalment will be equal to the sum of the Lease Interest Component 
and the Lease Principal Component for the applicable Collection Period under the relevant Lease Agreement 
as calculated per the relevant Cut-Off Date in respect of the relevant Lease Agreement, in each case applying 
the Purchase Price Discount Rate. Each Regular Purchase Instalment which is payable in respect of a 
Collection Period, will be due on the first Payment Date following such Collection Period. For each Purchased 
Vehicle, the first Regular Purchase Instalment will apply to the period from the associated Cut-Off Date to the 
final day of the Collection Period in which the associated Purchase Date falls. 
The Final Purchase Instalment for a Purchased Vehicle will equal (A) in the case of a Matured Lease, the 
Estimated Residual Value of the relevant Purchased Vehicle as calculated by the Servicer in accordance with 
the standard guidelines upon the entering into of such Lease Agreement or (B) in the case of a Lease 
Agreement Early Termination, the sum of (i) the Present Value of the Estimated Residual Value of the relevant 
Purchased Vehicle on such date and (ii) the Present Value of all remaining scheduled Lease Interest 
Components and Lease Principal Components, in case of each of (A) and (B) above, applying the Purchase 
Price Discount Rate, that would have become due and payable under the relevant associated Lease 
Agreement after the Lease Early Termination Date in the event such Lease Agreement would not have been 
subject to a Lease Agreement Early Termination. The Final Purchase Instalment will be due on the first 
Payment Date following the Collection Period within which the relevant Lease Termination Date falls.  
In the Master Hire Purchase Agreement it is intended and, to the extent legally possible, agreed that a 
prepayment by the Issuer of any remaining Purchase Price Instalment in relation to any Purchased Vehicle 
may only be made subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Issuer Facility Agreement. In each 
case, pursuant to the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, upon a prepayment by the Issuer of the remaining 
Purchase Instalments, the Issuer is entitled to a discount on each remaining Purchase Instalment at the 
Discount Rate.

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
Lease Agreement Recalculations 
If on any Calculation Date, the associated Lease Agreements are adjusted in such a way that this affects the 
Purchase Price, the number of Purchase Instalments, the amount of each Regular Purchase Instalment 
and/or the amount of the Final Purchase Instalment on any day during the immediately preceding Collection 
Period, then on the immediately succeeding Payment Date, the Purchase Price and the relevant Purchase 
Instalments and Final Purchase Instalment shall be amended accordingly by (i) the Seller attaching an 
amended and restated Purchased Vehicles list to the Combined Transfer Deed to be delivered by it on such 
Calculation Date, including a reference to the date as of which the amendment takes effect, and (ii) the Issuer 
and the Security Trustee countersigning such Combined Transfer Deed. 
Following notice from the Servicer that a reduction in the Purchase Price as of the end of the immediately 
preceding Collection Period has occurred following a Lease Agreement Recalculation by the Servicer, the 
Seller shall on the immediately following Payment Date (i) pay to the Issuer an amount equal to the Purchase 
Instalment Decrease Amount and (ii) provide the Issuer and the Servicer with a list of recalculation of Leased 
Vehicles and related Lease Receivables.  
Following notice from the Servicer that an increase of the Purchase Price as of the end of the immediately 
preceding Collection Period has occurred following a Lease Agreement Recalculation by the Servicer an 
amount equal to the Purchase Instalment Increase Amount will result in a pro rata increase of the remaining 
Purchase Instalments payable by the Issuer pursuant to the relevant Hire Purchase Contracts. 
Breach of Asset Warranty, Corporate Warranty or other warranty 
Pursuant to the terms of the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, the Seller will be required to terminate the 
relevant Hire Purchase Contract and repay the associated Issuer Advance if any Breach of an Asset Warranty 
made by the Seller in relation to that Purchased Vehicle and/or associated Lease Receivable and/or 
associated Lease Agreement, by reference to the facts and circumstances subsisting at the relevant date on 
which such Asset Warranty was given and which Breach has not been cured until the end of the monthly 
period which includes the 60th day (or, if the Seller elects, an earlier date) after the date on which the Seller 
became aware or (if earlier) was notified by the Servicer, the Issuer or the Security Trustee of the relevant 
Breach of the Asset Warranties. If such Breach is not capable of remedy, or is not remedied to the satisfaction 
of the Issuer until the end of the monthly period which includes the 60th day (or, if the Seller elects, an earlier 
date), after the date on which the Seller became aware or (if earlier) was notified by the Servicer, the Issuer 
or the Security Trustee of the relevant breach of the Asset Warranties, then the Seller shall, if the Breach 
relates to an Asset Warranty, terminate (opzeggen) the Hire Purchase Contract relating to the relevant 
Purchased Vehicle on the immediately succeeding Payment Date and be effective as of the relevant 
Collection Period Cut-Off Date. Termination contemplates, among other things, (i) the control of the relevant 
Purchased Vehicles being provided back to the Seller, (ii) a (conditional) re-assignment of the relevant Lease 
Receivables and re- assumption of any Lease Incidental Debt, and (iii) a (conditional) termination of the 
Security Trustee's right of pledge on the relevant Purchased Vehicle and any associated Lease Receivables 
on such Payment Date. Each such re-assignment and termination of pledge will be conditional on the 
associated Issuer Advance being fully and finally repaid in accordance with the Issuer Facility Agreement and 
on the Seller reimbursing the Issuer and the Security Trustee for any and all reasonable costs, expenses and 
liabilities incurred by the Issuer and/or the Security Trustee as a result of the termination of the relevant Hire 
Purchase Contract. 
If the event of a Breach of a Corporate Warranty and other warranties under the Master Hire Purchase 
Agreement (other than an Asset Warranty or Corporate Warranty), the Seller shall, upon receipt of a notice 
of such Breach, have until the end of a monthly period which includes the 60th day (or, if the Seller elects, an 
earlier date) after the date on which the Seller became aware or (if earlier) was notified by the Servicer, the 
Issuer or the Security Trustee of the relevant Breach. If such Breach is not capable of remedy, or is not 
remedied to the satisfaction of the Issuer until the end of the monthly period which includes the 60th day (or, 
if the Seller elects, an earlier date) after the date on which the Seller became aware or (if earlier) was notified 
by the Servicer, the Issuer or the Security Trustee of (a) a breach of an Asset Warranty, each relevant Hire 
Purchase Contract affected by such Breach shall terminate, as of the Relevant Cut-Off Date, and control of 
the relevant Purchased Vehicle shall be provided back to the Seller, the related Lease Receivable shall be 
re-assigned, any Lease Incidental Debt shall be re-assumed, provided that any such termination and re-
assignment will be conditional on the associated Issuer Advance being fully and finally repaid in accordance 
with the Issuer Facility Agreement, and the Security Trustee shall terminate (opzeggen) its right of pledge on

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
each relevant Purchased Vehicle and associated Lease Receivable; or (b) the relevant breach (other than in 
respect of an Asset Warranty), or if the Seller otherwise defaults in the performance of its undertakings or 
obligations contemplated in the Master Hire Purchase Agreement or the Master Hire Purchase Agreement 
otherwise terminates as a result of an Insolvency Event in respect of the Seller, the Seller shall indemnify the 
Issuer and the Security Trustee (together with its directors, officers and employees) against any losses 
(including the difference between the amounts received if no breach had occurred and the amounts received 
following such breach), liabilities, costs, expenses, claims, actions, damages or demands sustained or to be 
sustained by the Issuer and/or the Security Trustee (together, "Losses") as a consequence of any such 
breach, default or termination (including, but not limited to, all reasonable costs, legal fees, charges and 
expenses paid or incurred in disputing or defending any Losses) which the Issuer and/ or the Security Trustee 
may incur or which may be made against any of them (i) pertaining to each of the Purchased Vehicles prior 
to the moment on which the Issuer has become the legal owner of such Purchased Vehicle and (ii) any and 
all damages incurred or suffered by the Issuer and/or the Security Trustee pertaining to each of the Leased 
Assets dating from the period prior to the relevant Cut-Off Date. 
Repurchase other than due to a breach of an Asset Warranty 
The Seller shall also undertake to terminate the relevant Hire Purchase Contract and repay the associated 
Issuer Advance on the Payment Date immediately succeeding the date on which an amendment of the terms 
of the relevant Lease Agreement becomes effective, in the event that such amendment is not in accordance 
with the terms and conditions set out in the Master Hire Purchase Agreement and/or the Servicing Agreement, 
which include the condition that after such amendment the relevant Lease Agreement, the associated Lease 
Receivables or the relevant Purchased Vehicle would still meet all the Eligibility Criteria (to the extent 
applicable). However, the Seller shall not be required to terminate the relevant Hire Purchase Contract and 
repay the associated Issuer Advance if the relevant amendment is made as part of the Credit and Collection 
Procedures to be complied with upon a default by the Lessee under the relevant Lease Agreement or if the 
Credit and Collection Procedures are not applicable due to the nature of the default in question, is made as 
a reasonably prudent lessor of Vehicles in the Netherlands would do in respect of such default. 
If the breach relates to a covenant or undertaking or to a Corporate Warranty the Seller shall pay to the Issuer 
forthwith on an after tax full indemnity basis the direct losses suffered or incurred (geleden verlies) by the 
Issuer as a result of the breach of the relevant covenant, undertaking or warranty. 
Clean-Up Call Option 
The Seller will have the right to, at its option, exercise the Clean-Up Call Option and to terminate all, (but not 
only part of the), Hire Purchase Contracts and repay all Issuer Advances on any Payment Date on which the 
Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance is less than 10 per cent. of the Maximum Aggregate Discounted 
Receivables Balance, provided that the Issuer has the necessary funds to pay all the principal and interest 
due in respect of the Notes on the relevant Payment Date and to discharge all other amounts ranking higher 
and required to be paid by it on the relevant Payment Date. 
Sale of Purchased Vehicles to other Securitisation Vehicles (Term Takeout) 
The Issuer is entitled to sell and transfer to a securitisation vehicle nominated by the Seller any or all 
Purchased Vehicles and, where applicable, transfer the related Hire Purchase Contracts by means of transfer 
of contract (contractsoverneming), provided a confirmation has been provided by the Rating Agencies that 
the sale will not in and of itself result in a downgrade, withdrawal or qualification of the rating assigned to 
Class A Notes after the Term Takeout. There are several requirements for the purchase price to be paid by 
the purchaser set out in the Master Hire Purchase Agreement. The selection of Term Takeout Vehicles will 
be made on a random basis and the proceeds from any Term Takeout will be paid into the Distribution Account 
but will not be applied according to the Order of Priority but instead be distributed as separately provided in 
clause 16.5 of the Trust Agreement. The selection of Term Takeout Vehicles will be made on a random basis 
(taking into account, however, the representations and warranties of the Seller as set out in clause 10.1 
(Representations and Warranties relating to the Leased Assets) of the Master Hire Purchase Agreement). 
For the avoidance of doubt, in case of Non-Amortising Series of Notes any redemption payments will be made 
in a way to redeem a certain number of Notes in their principal amount of EUR 100,000.

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
Exercise of Repurchase Option 
In case of a Matured Lease and upon the occurrence of a Lease Agreement Early Termination the Call Option 
Buyer will, pursuant to the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, have the right (but not the obligation) to, after 
having received notice of such termination by the Servicer,  purchase the relevant Purchased Vehicle to the 
extent such Purchased Vehicle is not associated to a Defaulted Receivable on the immediately succeeding 
Payment Date following the relevant Lease Termination Date against payment of the relevant Option Exercise 
Price. If an Insolvency Event has occurred with respect to a Lessee the Call Option Buyer may only exercise 
their Repurchase Option with respect to all (but not some of the) Purchased Vehicles relating to such Lessee. 
Furthermore, upon a Lease Termination Date and to the extent the Call Option Buyer does not exercise the 
relevant Repurchase Option, the Issuer may (but without any obligation to do so) exercise its Put Option, by 
delivering to the Seller a Combined Transfer Deed, duly executed and completed by the Issuer, which shall 
constitute an irrevocable offer by the Issuer to sell to the Seller on the immediately succeeding Payment Date 
following the relevant Lease Termination Date such Purchased Vehicle. The Seller irrevocably accepts and 
agrees in advance to each such offer for sale of the relevant Purchased Vehicle made by the Issuer to the 
Seller and for such purpose the Seller undertakes with the Issuer and the Security Trustee to execute the 
relevant Combined Transfer Deed so delivered to it by the Issuer and pay the relevant Option Exercise Price 
on or prior to the relevant Payment Date. 
In case the Call Option Buyer elects to exercise the Repurchase Option or the Issuer elects to exercise the 
Put Option, the Issuer shall (a) retransfer the relevant Purchased Vehicle to the Call Option Buyer or the 
Seller, as applicable, (b) effect a (conditional) re-assignment of the relevant Lease Receivables, (c) retransfer 
and procure the assumption the Call Option Buyer or the Seller, as applicable, of any Lease Incidental Debt 
relating to the relevant Purchase Vehicle, and (d) procure that the Security Trustee shall (conditionally) 
terminate (opzeggen) its right of pledge on the relevant Purchased Vehicle and the associated Lease 
Receivables, all on the relevant Payment Date pertaining and effective as from the relevant Collection Period 
Cut-Off Date. Each such re-assignment and termination of pledge will be conditional on the associated Issuer 
Advance being fully and finally repaid in accordance with the Issuer Facility Agreement and on the Seller 
reimbursing the Issuer and the Security Trustee for any and all reasonable costs, expenses and liabilities 
incurred by the Issuer and/or the Security Trustee as a result of the termination of the relevant Hire Purchase 
Contract. 
Notification of Lessees 
If so requested by the Issuer or the Security Trustee at any time the Servicer on behalf of the Issuer or, 
following the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, on behalf of the Security Trustee, will, subject to and in 
accordance with the terms of the Servicing Agreement: 
(a) 
give notice in the Issuer's name or, following the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, in the Security 
Trustee's name, to all or any of the Lessees that the Servicer is no longer authorised to collect any 
payments pursuant to the Lease Agreements; 
(b) 
direct all Lessees and any relevant third parties to pay amounts outstanding in respect of relevant 
Purchased Vehicles and the associated Lease Receivables into the Distribution Account or any other 
account which is specified by the Issuer or, following the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, by the 
Security Trustee; 
(c) 
give such other instructions in respect of the relevant Purchased Vehicles and/or the associated 
Lease Receivables as requested by the Issuer or the Security Trustee, including as provided for in 
the Master Hire Purchase Agreement or the Pledge Agreements; and/or 
(d) 
take such other action as the Issuer or the Security Trustee or (following consent from the Issuer or 
the Security Trustee) it reasonably considers to be necessary, appropriate or desirable in order to 
recover any amount outstanding in respect of the relevant Purchased Vehicles and/or the associated 
Lease Receivables or to improve, protect, preserve or enforce their rights against the Lessees in 
respect of the relevant Purchased Vehicles and the associated Lease Receivables. 
The Issuer or the Security Trustee (or a third party acting on their behalf) may notify the Lessees. Any costs 
in connection with a notification of the Lessees shall be borne by the Servicer.

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
To the extent the Servicer fails to comply with its notification obligations referred to above, the Data Protection 
Trustee shall, in accordance with clause 3.2 (Safekeeping of the Portfolio Decryption Key / notification of the 
Lessees of the assignment of Lease Receivables) of the Deposit Agreement and substantially in the form set 
out in Schedule 4 (Notice to Lessee (re re-directing payments)) of the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, 
perform such notifications. For the purpose of such notifications the Issuer shall provide the Data Protection 
Trustee with the Encrypted List. 
Additionally, upon the occurrence of a Seller Event of Default, the Issuer may upon request of the Security 
Trustee terminate the Master Hire Purchase Agreement in which case the Issuer shall be entitled to prepay 
all amounts, including but not limited to the Regular Purchase Instalments and the Final Purchase 
Instalments, that have become or (in the absence of such termination) would have become due and payable 
to the Seller under or in connection with each Hire Purchase Contract concluded pursuant to the Master Hire 
Purchase Agreement in respect of the Purchased Vehicles on or after the date of termination of the Hire 
Purchase Contract. In such event each remaining Purchase Instalment shall be discounted at the Discount 
Rate. 
As a consequence of the Issuer having paid all amounts owed by it under a Hire Purchase Contract it acquires 
legal title to the relevant Vehicle automatically, without any further act or notice being required and irrespective 
of the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the Seller in the meantime. 
The Issuer shall be exclusively entitled to set-off (verrekenen) any of its obligations pursuant to the Master 
Hire Purchase Agreement and/or any Hire Purchase Contract against the Seller's obligations under the Issuer 
Facility Agreement. Such set-off shall automatically occur on each Payment Date save to the extent such set-
off is accelerated by or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the Master Hire Purchase Agreement and 
the Issuer Facility Agreement.

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
ISSUER FACILITY AGREEMENT 
On the Signing Date, the Seller (as borrower, the "Issuer Facility Borrower"), the Issuer and the Security 
Trustee have entered into a facility agreement (the "Issuer Facility Agreement"). On the Closing Date, the 
Issuer has made available to the Seller an Initial Issuer Advance in respect of each Purchased Vehicle 
together with the associated Lease Receivables forming part of the Initial Portfolio, each for an amount equal 
to the Present Value of the aggregate Purchase Price payable in respect of the Purchased Vehicle as 
calculated as at the Initial Cut-Off Date. 
After the Closing Date, Additional Issuer Advances will be made available during the Revolving Period on 
each Purchase Date, each in an amount equal to the Present Value of the Purchase Price of such Additional 
Leased Vehicle calculated as at the relevant Additional Cut-Off Date. 
Interest and scheduled principal on the Issuer Advance; scheduled set-off 
Interest on each outstanding Issuer Advance (i) shall be payable on (a) each Payment Date, other than the 
Payment Date on which the relevant Final Purchase Instalment is due, in respect of the immediately preceding 
Collection Period and (b) the Payment Date on which the relevant Final Purchase Instalment is due, in respect 
of both the immediately preceding and the then current Collection Period and (ii) shall be equal to the product 
of (A) the Discount Rate, (B) on the basis of one year having 360 days, with 12 months and each month 
having 30 days and (C) the amount of the relevant Issuer Advance on the first day of the immediately 
preceding Collection Period. 
Each outstanding Issuer Advance shall be prepaid or repaid, as the case may be: 
(a) 
on each Payment Date on which a Regular Purchase Instalment in respect of the associated 
Purchase Vehicle is due, for an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the product of (I) the sum of the Lease Principal Component and the Lease Interest 
Component of the Regular Purchase Instalment payable in respect of the associated 
Purchase Vehicle on such Payment Date and (II) one (1) minus the Purchase Price Discount; 
minus
(ii) 
the amount of interest payable on such Payment Date in respect of such Issuer Advance; 
plus (if applicable) 
(b) 
on the Payment Date on which the Final Purchase Instalment in respect of the associated Purchase 
Vehicle is due, for an amount equal to the product of (I) the relevant Final Purchase Instalment and 
(II) one (1) minus the Purchase Price Discount, and, in the case of a Lease Agreement Early 
Termination as discounted in accordance with clause 6.4 (Prepayment) of the Master Hire Purchase 
Agreement. 
The Issuer Facility Agreement provides that all interest payments and repayments and prepayments of 
principal in respect of any Issuer Advance, will be made by way of set-off in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Issuer Facility Agreement. 
Pursuant to the Issuer Facility Agreement, the Issuer shall have exclusive authority to set-off (i) any Purchase 
Instalment it owes to the Seller against (ii) any receivable it has vis-à-vis the Seller under or in respect of the 
associated Issuer Advance. Such set-off shall automatically occur on each Payment Date save to the extent 
such set-off is accelerated by or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the relevant Hire Purchase 
Contract and the Issuer Facility Agreement. 
Increase and decrease of Issuer Advance 
Pursuant to the Issuer Facility Agreement, if on a Calculation Date (i) a Purchase Instalment Increase Amount 
is calculated, the Issuer will make to the Seller an additional advance by which the relevant Issuer Advance 
will be increased with an amount equal to such Purchase Instalment Increase Amount and/or (ii) a Purchase 
Instalment Decrease Amount is calculated, the Seller will prepay to the Issuer the relevant Issuer Advance 
up to an amount equal to such Purchase Instalment Decrease Amount, in either case on the first following 
Payment Date.

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
Termination of Hire Purchase Agreement; repayment of Issuer Advance 
Pursuant to the Issuer Facility Agreement, each time a Hire Purchase Contract is terminated, the Seller will 
repay to the Issuer the relevant Issuer Advance in full. 
The Issuer shall have exclusive authority to set-off (i) any Purchase Instalment it owes to the Seller against 
(ii) any receivable it has vis-à-vis the Seller under or in respect of the associated Issuer Advance. Such set-
off shall automatically occur on each Payment Date save to the extent such set-off is accelerated by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in accordance with clause 6.4 (Prepayment) of the Master Hire Purchase Agreement or 
clause 7.3 (Prepayments relating to Hire Purchase Contract Termination) or clause 9 (Acceleration) of the 
Issuer Facility Agreement. 
Seller Event of Default, prepayment of Purchase Price and illegality 
The Issuer Facility Agreement provides that upon the occurrence (and continuation) of a Seller Event of 
Default, the Issuer shall no longer be obliged to make any Issuer Advance and may (i) declare any Issuer 
Advances immediately due and payable together with accrued interest thereon and any other sums then 
owed by the Seller to the Issuer and/or (ii) declare any Issuer Advances to be due and payable on demand 
of the Issuer. 
The Issuer Facility Agreement furthermore provides that upon (i) the occurrence of a Lease Early Termination 
Date in relation to any Lease Agreement associated with a Purchased Vehicle or (ii) the Issuer expressing a 
desire to prepay any Purchase Price, the associated Issuer Advance shall be immediately due and payable 
together with accrued interest thereon.

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
THE PORTFOLIO 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PURCHASED VEHICLES AND THE ASSOCIATED LEASE AGREEMENTS, 
LEASE RECEIVABLES AND LESSEES AS AT THE CUT-OFF DATE FALLING ON 31 OCTOBER 2024 
The information below has been provided by the Seller and contains data of the pool as relevant for the Notes 
outstanding as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Portfolio information presented in this Base Prospectus is based on a pool as of the Cut-Off Date falling 
on 31 October 2024. 
The data under the heading "The Portfolio" has not been audited in accordance with any auditing standards.

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
1. 
Brand and type of car 
Total portfolio
Distribution by brand 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding 
discounted 
balance
VW
17,663
30.71%
€325,418,201.25 
27.00%
VW LCV
4,911
8.54%
€103,601,261.54 
8.60%
Audi
6,706
11.66%
€188,465,726.91 
15.64%
Seat
5,208
9.06%
€78,371,191.37 
6.50%
Skoda
11,510
20.01%
€226,096,499.13 
18.76%
Other brands
11,516
20.02%
€283,085,633.84 
23.49%
Total
57,514
100.00%
€ 1,205,038,514.04
100.00%
2. 
Customer Type 
Total portfolio
Customer type 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding 
discounted 
balance
Commercial
39,530
68.73%
€914,684,590.08 
75.91%
Private
17,984
31.27%
€290,353,923.96 
24.09%
Total
57,514
100.00%
€1,205,038,514.04 
100.00%
3. 
Payment Type 
Total portfolio 
Distribution by payment type 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding 
discounted 
balance
Direct borrower account debit
48,024
83.50%
€ 995,225,215.25
82.59%
Others
9,490
16.50%
€ 209,813,298.79
17.41%
Total
57,514
100.00%
€1,205,038,514.04 
100.00%
4. 
Contract Concentration 
Total portfolio
Distribution by contract 
concentration 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding 
discounted 
balance
1
24,939
43.36%
€ 478,065,844.35
39.67%
2 - 10
14,704
25.57%
€ 350,207,286.83
29.06%
11 - 20
5,736
9.97%
€ 132,839,929.39
11.02%
21 - 50
8,735
15.19%
€ 191,291,860.22
15.87%
> 50
3,400
5.91%
€ 52,633,593.25
4.37%
Total
57,514
100.00%
€1,205,038,514.04 
100.00%

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
5. 
Largest Customer
Total portfolio
Distribution by largest 
lessee
Number of 
contracts
Percentage of 
contracts
Outstanding discounted 
balance
Percentage of outstanding 
discounted balance
1
70
0.12%
€ 1,436,077.44
0.12%
2
75
0.13%
€ 1,392,469.44
0.12%
3
60
0.10%
€ 1,058,319.94
0.09%
4
36
0.06%
€ 999,913.12
0.08%
5
50
0.09%
€ 999,490.26
0.08%
6
53
0.09%
€ 999,459.57
0.08%
7
61
0.11%
€ 998,665.07
0.08%
8
34
0.06%
€ 998,664.17
0.08%
9
38
0.07%
€ 997,965.33
0.08%
10
33
0.06%
€ 997,931.35
0.08%
11
57
0.10%
€ 996,582.46
0.08%
12
32
0.06%
€ 996,492.39
0.08%
13
57
0.10%
€ 995,796.12
0.08%
14
66
0.11%
€ 995,687.90
0.08%
15
50
0.09%
€ 995,615.32
0.08%
16
45
0.08%
€ 995,478.85
0.08%
17
54
0.09%
€ 994,902.44
0.08%
18
66
0.11%
€ 994,825.27
0.08%
19
56
0.10%
€ 994,246.96
0.08%
20
40
0.07%
€ 994,145.09
0.08%
Total 1 - 20
1,033
1.80%
€20,832,728.49 
1.73%
6. 
Outstanding Discounted Balance 
Total portfolio 
Distribution by outstanding 
discounted balance
Number of 
contracts
Percentage of 
contracts
Outstanding 
discounted balance
Percentage of outstanding 
discounted balance
0.01 - 5,000.00
769 
1.34%
€ 2,490,306.74
0.21%
5,000.01 - 10,000.00
5,518 
9.59%
€ 44,389,333.37
3.68%
10,000.01 - 15,000.00
13,335 
23.19%
€ 167,420,236.79
13.89%
15,000.01 - 20,000.00
12,555 
21.83%
€ 218,596,515.80
18.14%
20,000.01 - 25,000.00
8,782 
15.27%
€ 195,929,040.26
16.26%
25,000.01 - 30,000.00
6,141 
10.68%
€ 168,287,842.67
13.97%
> 30,000.00
10,414 
18.11%
€ 407,925,238.41
33.85%
Total
57,514
100.00%
€1,205,038,514.04 
100.00%
Statistics
Minimum outstanding discounted balance
€ 9.13
Maximum outstanding discounted balance
€ 227,983.99
Average outstanding discounted balance
€ 20,952.09
7. 
Outstanding Nominal Balance 
Total portfolio 
Distribution by outstanding 
nominal balance
Number of 
contracts
Percentage 
of contracts
Outstanding 
discounted balance
Percentage of outstanding 
discounted balance
0.01 - 5,000.00 
705
1.23%
€2,174,503.85 
0.18%
5,000.01 - 10,000.00 
5,031
8.75%
€39,311,621.18 
3.26%
10,000.01 - 15,000.00 
12,138
21.10%
€147,393,998.61 
12.23%
15,000.01 - 20,000.00 
11,564
20.11%
€191,222,950.22 
15.87%
20,000.01 - 25,000.00 
8,875
15.43%
€185,283,616.18 
15.38%
25,000.01 - 30,000.00 
6,122
10.64%
€155,319,005.08 
12.89%
> 30,000.00 
13,079
22.74%
€484,332,818.92 
40.19%
Total
57,514
100.00%
€1,205,038,514.04 
100.00%
Statistics
Minimum outstanding nominal balance
€ 9.16
Maximum outstanding nominal balance
€ 246,215.89
Average outstanding nominal balance
€ 22,487.80
8. 
Original Term 
Total portfolio

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 - 
Distribution by original term 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
Percentage of 
Outstanding 
discounted 
balance
0-12 
28
0.05%
€552,869.21 
0.05%
13-24 
1,308
2.27%
€26,680,290.31 
2.21%
25-36 
4,301
7.48%
€87,917,863.35 
7.30%
37-48 
28,693
49.89%
€594,791,543.47 
49.36%
49-60 
21,882
38.05%
€481,773,162.54 
39.98%
61-72 
1,159
2.02%
€12,125,543.20 
1.01%
>72 
143
0.25%
€1,197,241.96 
0.10%
Total
57,514
100.00%
€1,205,038,514.04 
100.00%
Statistics
Minimum Original Term
12
Maximum Original Term 
96
Weighted Average Original Term
51.28
9. 
Remaining Term 
Total portfolio
Distribution by remaining term 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding 
discounted 
balance
01-12
17,860
31.05%
€ 244,454,190.52
20.29%
13-24
16,255
28.26%
€ 306,471,433.97
25.43%
25-36
12,181
21.18%
€ 308,104,548.15
25.57%
37-48
7,913
13.76%
€ 242,002,840.96
20.08%
49-60
3,305
5.75%
€ 104,005,500.44
8.63%
61-72
0
0.00%
€ 0.00
0.00%
>72
0
0.00%
€ 0.00
0.00%
Total
57,514
100.00%
€1,205,038,514.04 
100.00%
Statistics
Minimum Remaining Term
0
Maximum Remaining Term 
59
Weighted Average Remaining Term
26.68
10. 
Seasoning  
Total portfolio 
Distribution by seasoning 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding 
discounted 
balance
01-12 
7,150
12.43%
€222,426,392.91 
18.46%
13-24 
14,958
26.01%
€403,616,063.43 
33.49%
25-36 
13,141
22.85%
€265,608,756.04 
22.04%
37-48 
13,454
23.39%
€211,811,538.58 
17.58%
49-60 
7,151
12.43%
€88,589,589.11 
7.35%
61-72 
1,506
2.62%
€12,196,511.10 
1.01%
>72 
154
0.27%
€789,662.87 
0.07%
Total
57,514
100.00%
€1,205,038,514.04 
100.00%
Statistics
Minimum seasoning 
2
Maximum seasoning 
97
Weighted average seasoning 
26.79
11. 
Type of Car 
Total portfolio
Type of car 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding 
discounted 
balance
New vehicles
52,657
91.56%
€ 1,127,271,226.27
93.55%
Used vehicles
4,857
8.44%
€ 77,767,287.77
6.45%
Total
57,514
100.00%
€1,205,038,514.04 
100.00%

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 - 
12. 
Brand & Model 
Total portfolio
Distribution by brand & 
Model 
Model 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding 
discounted balance
Volkswagen
Arteon
90 
0.16%
€ 2,631,285.22 
0.22%
Caddy
6 
0.01%
€ 106,653.06 
0.01%
Crafter
7 
0.01%
€ 286,603.42 
0.02%
Golf
2,282 
3.97%
€ 35,612,301.13 
2.96%
Passat
245 
0.43%
€ 5,550,843.67 
0.46%
Polo
4,667 
8.11%
€ 67,941,308.27 
5.64%
Sharan
1 
0.00%
€18,384.22 
0.00%
Taigo
812 
1.41%
€ 18,173,718.55 
1.51%
Tiguan
1,113 
1.94%
€ 30,658,204.40 
2.54%
Touareg
8 
0.01%
€ 471,174.55 
0.04%
Touran
12 
0.02%
€ 195,959.58 
0.02%
Transporter
69 
0.12%
€ 2,907,637.65 
0.24%
T-roc
2,148 
3.73%
€ 41,532,558.95 
3.45%
T-Cross
956 
1.66%
€ 15,547,254.77 
1.29%
Up!
1,625 
2.83%
€ 14,840,172.75 
1.23%
ID.3
2,152 
3.74%
€ 44,828,019.32 
3.72%
ID.4
1,245 
2.16%
€ 35,444,401.52 
2.94%
ID.5
182 
0.32%
€ 6,636,535.02 
0.55%
ID.7
22 
0.04%
€ 1,036,374.63 
0.09%
ID. BUZZ
21 
0.04%
€ 998,810.57 
0.08%
Sub-Total VW
17,663 
30.71%
€325,418,201.25 
27.00%
VW LCV
Amarok
9 
0.02%
€ 171,984.92 
0.01%
Caddy
1,676 
2.91%
€ 23,684,747.65 
1.97%
Crafter
1,126 
1.96%
€ 29,477,384.73 
2.45%
Tiguan
5 
0.01%
€81,543.03 
0.01%
Transporter
1,940 
3.37%
€ 43,118,313.96 
3.58%
ID. BUZZ
155 
0.27%
€ 7,067,287.25 
0.59%
Sub-Total VW LCV
4,911 
8.54%
€103,601,261.54 
8.60%
Audi
A1
1,033 
1.80%
€ 17,198,598.17 
1.43%
A3
1,996 
3.47%
€ 43,662,781.02 
3.62%
A4
369 
0.64%
€ 10,689,081.29 
0.89%
A5
196 
0.34%
€ 6,242,100.41 
0.52%
A6
146 
0.25%
€ 6,073,999.81 
0.50%
A7
9 
0.02%
€ 446,640.19 
0.04%
A8
9 
0.02%
€ 746,567.35 
0.06%
Q2
669 
1.16%
€ 14,981,898.98 
1.24%
Q3
404 
0.70%
€ 13,874,017.78 
1.15%
Q4
122 
0.21%
€ 3,724,940.81 
0.31%
Q4 E-TRON
656 
1.14%
€ 24,555,710.87 
2.04%
Q5
81 
0.14%
€ 3,895,290.66 
0.32%
Q7
39 
0.07%
€ 1,961,872.56 
0.16%
Q8
171 
0.30%
€ 11,151,606.38 
0.93%
TT
2 
0.00%
€ 123,838.89 
0.01%
S3
4 
0.01%
€ 144,804.96 
0.01%
E-tron
652 
1.13%
€ 21,850,368.67 
1.81%
E-tron GT
38 
0.07%
€ 2,715,485.52 
0.23%
E-tron Sportback
110 
0.19%
€ 4,426,122.59 
0.37%
Sub-Total Audi
6,706 
11.66%
€188,465,726.91 
15.64%
Seat
Alhambra
-
0.00%
€  -
0.00%
Arona
952 
1.66%
€ 13,468,388.45 
1.12%
Ibiza
2,229 
3.88%
€ 29,545,922.42 
2.45%
Leon
860 
1.50%
€ 16,424,208.79 
1.36%
Mii
581 
1.01%
€ 4,788,527.50 
0.40%
Ateca
293 
0.51%
€ 5,614,814.86 
0.47%
Tarraco
293 
0.51%
€ 8,529,329.35 
0.71%
Sub-Total Seat
5,208 
9.06%
€78,371,191.37 
6.50%
Skoda
Citigo
828 
1.44%
€ 5,864,530.99 
0.49%
Fabia
1,519 
2.64%
€ 17,837,180.56 
1.48%
Octavia
1,972 
3.43%
€ 38,808,639.75 
3.22%
Rapid
12 
0.02%
€85,450.75 
0.01%
Superb
353 
0.61%
€ 8,747,360.33 
0.73%
Kodiaq
1,192 
2.07%
€ 31,824,110.28 
2.64%
Kamiq
1,700 
2.96%
€ 28,968,580.97 
2.40%
Karoq
877 
1.52%
€ 19,957,070.92 
1.66%

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 - 
Total portfolio
Distribution by brand & 
Model 
Model 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding 
discounted balance
Scala
957 
1.66%
€ 13,399,614.49 
1.11%
Enyaq
2,100 
3.65%
€ 60,603,960.09 
5.03%
Sub-Total Skoda
11,510 
20.01%
€226,096,499.13 
18.76%
Other brands
11,516 
20.02%
€283,085,633.84 
23.49%
Total
57,514 
100.00%
€1,205,038,514.04 
100.00%
13. 
Region 
Total portfolio
Distribution by 
geographic distribution
Number of 
contracts
Percentage of 
contracts
Outstanding 
discounted balance
Percentage of outstanding 
discounted balance
Noord-Holland
8,409
14.62%
€183,574,912.44 
15.23%
Flevoland
1,458
2.54%
€29,867,480.61 
2.48%
Utrecht
6,394
11.12%
€138,346,526.53 
11.48%
Zuid-Holland
13,783
23.96%
€278,663,837.62 
23.12%
Gelderland
6,911
12.02%
€143,354,094.14 
11.90%
Noord-Brabant
8,867
15.42%
€185,353,854.77 
15.38%
Zeeland
739
1.28%
€14,741,095.46 
1.22%
Limburg
3,299
5.74%
€69,990,229.99 
5.81%
Overijssel
4,970
8.64%
€107,908,002.20 
8.95%
Drenthe
835
1.45%
€16,574,936.27 
1.38%
Friesland
628
1.09%
€10,724,158.82 
0.89%
Groningen
1,221
2.12%
€25,939,385.19 
2.15%
Total
57,514
100.00%
€1,205,038,514.04 
100.00%
14. 
Industry Sector 
Total portfolio
Distribution by industry sector 
Number of 
contracts
Percentage of 
contracts
Outstanding 
discounted balance
Percentage of 
discounted balance
Agriculture / Forestry
80
0.14%
€1,554,278.88 
0.13%
Construction
93
0.16%
€1,946,235.70 
0.16%
Energy / Mining
159
0.28%
€3,912,519.51 
0.32%
Financial services
902
1.57%
€20,631,660.78 
1.71%
Hotel and restaurant industry
75
0.13%
€1,612,965.81 
0.13%
Information technology
847
1.47%
€18,716,699.84 
1.55%
Manufacturing industry
1,748
3.04%
€41,023,820.27 
3.40%
Other
26,615
46.28%
€636,597,326.64 
52.83%
Other services
3,909
6.80%
€76,455,015.29 
6.34%
Private
17,970
31.24%
€290,123,734.18 
24.08%
Public administration, education, 
health care, public services
414
0.72%
€8,464,459.22 
0.70%
Real estate
437
0.76%
€9,453,812.99 
0.78%
Retail / Wholesale
1,340
2.33%
€26,204,403.86 
2.17%
Transportation
2,925
5.09%
€68,341,581.07 
5.67%
Total
57,514
100.00%
€1,205,038,514.04 
100.00%
15. 
Engine Type 
Total portfolio
Distribution by Engine Type
Number of 
contracts
Percentage of 
contracts
Outstanding discounted 
balance
Percentage of Outstanding 
discounted balance
Petrol
34,236
59.53%
€622,225,805.80 
51.64%
Petrol/Hybrid
3,049
5.30%
€94,205,382.30 
7.82%
Diesel
6,012
10.45%
€120,916,891.64 
10.03%
Diesel/Hybrid
9
0.02%
€140,069.45 
0.01%
Electric
14,150
24.60%
€366,708,929.05 
30.43%
CNG/LPG
56
0.10%
€821,288.46 
0.07%
Other 
2
0.00%
€20,147.34 
0.00%
Total
57,514
100.00%
€1,205,038,514.04 
100.00%

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 - 
16. 
Residual Value 
Total portfolio
Discounted RV as % of 
Outstanding discounted balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
Percentage of 
Outstanding 
discounted 
balance
0 <= 20%
417
0.73%
€11,929,132.90 
0.99%
>20% <= 40%
24,271
42.20%
€610,716,155.11 
50.68%
>40% <= 60%
26,365
45.84%
€484,396,042.69 
40.20%
>60% <= 80%
6,461
11.23%
€97,997,183.34 
8.13%
>80% <= 100%
0
0.00%
€0.00 
0.00%
Total
57,514
100.00%
€1,205,038,514.04 
100.00%
17. 
Product Type 
Total portfolio
Product_code 
Number of 
contracts
Percentage 
of contracts
Outstanding discounted 
balance
Percentage of Outstanding 
discounted balance
Full Operational Lease
39,326
68.38%
€910,360,905.80 
75.55%
Net Operational Lease
204
0.35%
€4,323,684.28 
0.36%
Private Lease
17,984
31.27%
€290,353,923.96 
24.09%
Total
57,514
100.00%
€1,205,038,514.04 
100.00%
18. 
Risk Retention 
Total portfolio
Type of asset 
Number of contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts
Outstanding 
nominal balance
Percentage of 
nominal balance
Portfolio sold to SPV 
57,514
94.52%
€1,293,363,460.22 
94.53%
Retention of VWPFS 
3,335
5.48%
€74,817,093.42 
5.47%
Total
60,849
100.00%
€1,368,180,553.64 
100.00%
Retention amounts 
Outstanding nominal 
balance
Percentage of 
nominal balance
Minimum retention
€                      68,071,761.06 
5.00%
Actual retention
€                      74,817,093.42 
5.47%
The Purchased Receivables have not been selected by the Seller with the aim of rendering losses on the 
Purchased Receivables to the Issuer, measured over the life of the Programme, higher than the losses over 
the same period on comparable Lease Receivables held on the balance sheet of the Seller. 
Verification pursuant to Article 22(2) of the Securitisation Regulation has occurred prior to the Renewal Date 
and no significant adverse findings have been found. Confirmation of such verification has been provided 
solely to the Servicer.

--- Page 105 ---
Historical Lease Receivables Performance Data 
Portfolio Losses (Lease Receivables) 
The Seller has extracted data on the historical performance of the entire auto lease portfolio. The tables below show historical data on net losses, for the period from Q1 2015 to Q2 
2024 and been written off by the Seller before July 2024. Such data was extracted from the Seller's internal data warehouse which is sourced from its contract management and 
accounting systems.  
The net losses data displayed below are in static format and show the cumulative net losses realised after the specified number of months since origination, for each portfolio of 
leases originated in a particular month, expressed as a percentage of the original lease balance of that portfolio. Net losses are calculated by deducting recoveries from the 
outstanding balances of the respective leases up to the Write-Off of the lease (net losses are shown in the month where the Write-Off of the Lease Agreement has been carried out 
by the Seller). The exposures to which such data relates are substantially similar to those being securitised as they have been originated in accordance with consistent origination 
procedures, on the basis of similar contractual terms and exposures securitised are selected based on strict eligibility criteria and thus generally perform better than the Seller's 
managed portfolio as a whole.

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 - 
Total Portfolio 
0,00%
0,50%
1,00%
1,50%
2,00%
2,50%
M + 0
M + 2
M + 4
M + 6
M + 8
M + 10
M + 12
M + 14
M + 16
M + 18
M + 20
M + 22
M + 24
M + 26
M + 28
M + 30
M + 32
M + 34
M + 36
M + 38
M + 40
M + 42
M + 44
M + 46
M + 48
M + 50
M + 52
M + 54
M + 56
M + 58
M + 60
M + 62
M + 64
M + 66
M + 68
M + 70
M + 72
M + 74
M + 76
M + 78
M + 80
M + 82
M + 84
M + 86
M + 88
M + 90
M + 92
M + 94
M + 96
M + 98
M + 100
M + 102
M + 104
M + 106
M + 108
M + 110
M + 112
M + 114
Loss rate
Seasoning
Vintage Loss Curves

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 - 
Portfolio Delinquencies 
The following data indicates, for the auto leasing portfolio of the Seller (originated under the Lease Agreements), and for a given month the number of outstanding lease agreements 
which are current, 1 to 30 days in arrears, 31 to 60 days in arrears, 61 to 90 days in arrears, 91 to 120 days in arrears, 121 to 150 days in arrears, 151 to 180 days in arrears and 
more than 180 days in arrears, expressed as a percentage of the total number of outstanding lease agreements of the auto leasing portfolio of such period. 
Delinquency Data Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. 
Percentage klanten 31.01.2014 28.02.2014 31.03.2014 30.04.2014 31.05.2014 30.06.2014 31.07.2014 31.08.2014 30.09.2014 31.10.2014 30.11.2014 31.12.2014
0
0 days
89.72%
87.38%
87.79%
88.42%
88.81%
88.61%
88.62%
88.86%
89.23%
90.47%
90.95%
91.27%
1
1-30 days
1.68%
2.43%
1.90%
1.83%
2.20%
2.22%
2.76%
2.17%
1.71%
1.61%
1.76%
2.08%
2
31-60 days
0.78%
2.66%
1.72%
1.36%
1.24%
1.64%
1.17%
1.09%
1.56%
0.83%
0.89%
0.84%
3
61-90 days
0.83%
0.69%
1.90%
0.96%
0.40%
0.78%
0.40%
0.88%
0.57%
0.43%
0.46%
0.31%
4
91-120 days
0.48%
0.45%
0.64%
1.28%
0.92%
0.25%
0.64%
0.58%
0.57%
0.59%
0.17%
0.27%
5
121-150 days
0.37%
0.35%
0.30%
0.46%
0.79%
0.78%
0.52%
0.50%
0.49%
0.43%
0.33%
0.29%
6
151-180 days
0.41%
0.38%
0.17%
0.26%
0.21%
0.56%
0.56%
0.41%
0.40%
0.40%
0.29%
0.28%
7
>180 days
5.72%
5.64%
5.56%
5.43%
5.43%
5.17%
5.33%
5.52%
5.48%
5.25%
5.16%
4.65%
Percentage klanten 31.01.2015 28.02.2015 31.03.2015 30.04.2015 31.05.2015 30.06.2015 31.07.2015 31.08.2015 30.09.2015 31.10.2015 30.11.2015 31.12.2015
0
0 days
91.51%
91.37%
92.34%
92.08%
92.07%
90.92%
90.39%
90.81%
91.59%
91.42%
92.69%
92.98%
1
1-30 days
2.00%
2.33%
1.48%
1.73%
1.53%
3.65%
3.51%
3.32%
2.95%
3.14%
2.57%
2.69%
2
31-60 days
0.58%
1.13%
0.93%
0.79%
0.93%
0.75%
1.51%
0.87%
1.07%
1.01%
0.96%
0.78%
3
61-90 days
0.64%
0.40%
0.70%
0.53%
0.36%
0.43%
0.30%
0.83%
0.41%
0.36%
0.43%
0.24%
4
91-120 days
0.40%
0.28%
0.26%
0.56%
0.64%
0.15%
0.33%
0.37%
0.37%
0.61%
0.10%
0.20%
5
121-150 days
0.20%
0.17%
0.19%
0.24%
0.49%
0.29%
0.25%
0.17%
0.18%
0.17%
0.17%
0.15%
6
151-180 days
0.20%
0.16%
0.08%
0.14%
0.04%
0.15%
0.19%
0.19%
0.10%
0.12%
0.10%
0.14%
7
>180 days
4.46%
4.16%
4.02%
3.93%
3.92%
3.66%
3.53%
3.42%
3.33%
3.18%
2.97%
2.83%

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 - 
Percentage klanten 31.01.2016 28.02.2016 31.03.2016 30.04.2016 31.05.2016 30.06.2016 31.07.2016 31.08.2016 30.09.2016 31.10.2016 30.11.2016 31.12.2016
0
0 days
91.99%
93.40%
93.31%
93.71%
95.65%
94.50%
94.09%
95.36%
94.90%
95.03%
94.91%
95.40%
1
1-30 days
2.75%
2.49%
2.71%
2.39%
0.99%
2.25%
2.62%
1.45%
2.01%
2.05%
2.46%
2.13%
2
31-60 days
1.21%
0.70%
0.68%
0.73%
0.44%
0.48%
0.56%
0.32%
0.55%
0.48%
0.43%
0.50%
3
61-90 days
0.52%
0.34%
0.29%
0.31%
0.17%
0.16%
0.13%
0.38%
0.16%
0.16%
0.23%
0.11%
4
91-120 days
0.29%
0.16%
0.12%
0.17%
0.19%
0.09%
0.18%
0.15%
0.20%
0.16%
0.06%
0.14%
5
121-150 days
0.14%
0.06%
0.12%
0.09%
0.08%
0.13%
0.08%
0.10%
0.08%
0.11%
0.08%
0.09%
6
151-180 days
0.13%
0.09%
0.10%
0.07%
0.09%
0.05%
0.07%
0.06%
0.07%
0.05%
0.06%
0.06%
7
>180 days
2.97%
2.77%
2.66%
2.52%
2.38%
2.34%
2.26%
2.18%
2.02%
1.94%
1.76%
1.56%
Percentage klanten 31.01.2017 28.02.2017 31.03.2017 30.04.2017 31.05.2017 30.06.2017 31.07.2017 31.08.2017 30.09.2017 31.10.2017 30.11.2017 31.12.2017
0
0 days
97.72%
97.39%
96.72%
96.02%
96.68%
96.67%
96.74%
96.53%
98.10%
96.75%
97.23%
97.23%
1
1-30 days
0.73%
1.34%
1.90%
2.43%
1.92%
1.94%
1.92%
1.86%
0.76%
2.30%
1.85%
1.90%
2
31-60 days
0.31%
0.34%
0.51%
0.62%
0.48%
0.41%
0.38%
0.49%
0.32%
0.45%
0.42%
0.40%
3
61-90 days
0.28%
0.19%
0.18%
0.23%
0.13%
0.23%
0.10%
0.30%
0.10%
0.10%
0.18%
0.11%
4
91-120 days
0.08%
0.10%
0.10%
0.11%
0.19%
0.05%
0.13%
0.12%
0.09%
0.15%
0.05%
0.14%
5
121-150 days
0.09%
0.07%
0.06%
0.07%
0.06%
0.14%
0.11%
0.08%
0.08%
0.06%
0.09%
0.07%
6
151-180 days
0.07%
0.07%
0.01%
0.05%
0.05%
0.05%
0.13%
0.08%
0.04%
0.06%
0.04%
0.06%
7
>180 days
0.72%
0.50%
0.53%
0.47%
0.50%
0.52%
0.48%
0.52%
0.51%
0.14%
0.14%
0.10%
Percentage klanten 31.01.2018 28.02.2018 31.03.2018 30.04.2018 31.05.2018 30.06.2018 31.07.2018 31.08.2018 30.09.2018 31.10.2018 30.11.2018 31.12.2018
0
0 days
96.62%
97.44%
97.05%
96.75%
96.55%
96.86%
96.94%
97.01%
97.88%
96.40%
96.73%
96.45%
1
1-30 days
2.31%
1.62%
1.97%
2.16%
2.31%
2.09%
1.98%
2.10%
1.19%
2.85%
2.31%
2.43%
2
31-60 days
0.39%
0.42%
0.46%
0.54%
0.48%
0.41%
0.44%
0.26%
0.49%
0.34%
0.55%
0.62%
3
61-90 days
0.31%
0.20%
0.16%
0.17%
0.16%
0.17%
0.12%
0.33%
0.11%
0.13%
0.15%
0.11%
4
91-120 days
0.12%
0.09%
0.11%
0.08%
0.19%
0.09%
0.13%
0.12%
0.15%
0.12%
0.06%
0.17%
5
121-150 days
0.06%
0.06%
0.07%
0.08%
0.07%
0.12%
0.08%
0.07%
0.08%
0.07%
0.06%
0.10%
6
151-180 days
0.05%
0.05%
0.02%
0.06%
0.02%
0.06%
0.08%
0.04%
0.03%
0.04%
0.06%
0.04%
7
>180 days
0.13%
0.12%
0.15%
0.15%
0.22%
0.21%
0.24%
0.07%
0.08%
0.05%
0.07%
0.09%

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 - 
Percentage klanten 31.01.2019 28.02.2019 31.03.2019 30.04.2019 31.05.2019 30.06.2019 31.07.2019 31.08.2019 30.09.2019 31.10.2019 30.11.2019 31.12.2019
0
0 days
95.97%
96.37%
95.66%
95.64%
95.73%
95.45%
95.22%
94.90%
94.26%
94.48%
94.16%
94.54%
1
1-30 days
2.89%
2.36%
3.04%
2.70%
2.57%
2.73%
2.81%
2.88%
3.43%
3.01%
3.08%
2.77%
2
31-60 days
0.33%
0.64%
0.59%
0.84%
0.74%
0.72%
0.62%
0.43%
0.74%
0.72%
0.89%
0.75%
3
61-90 days
0.37%
0.28%
0.34%
0.36%
0.22%
0.45%
0.25%
0.53%
0.22%
0.25%
0.45%
0.31%
4
91-120 days
0.20%
0.15%
0.15%
0.20%
0.43%
0.16%
0.44%
0.41%
0.36%
0.43%
0.20%
0.39%
5
121-150 days
0.09%
0.07%
0.09%
0.08%
0.12%
0.25%
0.28%
0.32%
0.26%
0.28%
0.31%
0.30%
6
151-180 days
0.06%
0.03%
0.03%
0.06%
0.03%
0.08%
0.17%
0.21%
0.28%
0.21%
0.21%
0.26%
7
>180 days
0.08%
0.09%
0.11%
0.12%
0.15%
0.15%
0.21%
0.32%
0.45%
0.62%
0.70%
0.67%
Percentage klanten 31.01.2020 29.02.2020 31.03.2020 30.04.2020 31.05.2020 30.06.2020 31.07.2020 31.08.2020 30.09.2020 31.10.2020 30.11.2020 31.12.2020
0
0 days
92.92%
92.53%
93.88%
93.82%
93.61%
94.51%
94.51%
94.64%
94.88%
95.36%
95.35%
95.63%
1
1-30 days
3.63%
3.89%
2.61%
2.32%
1.96%
1.84%
1.86%
1.60%
1.62%
1.66%
1.76%
1.65%
2
31-60 days
0.67%
1.16%
1.19%
1.27%
1.57%
0.91%
0.87%
0.57%
0.75%
0.66%
0.74%
0.69%
3
61-90 days
0.75%
0.62%
0.62%
0.70%
0.45%
0.72%
0.30%
0.63%
0.29%
0.24%
0.34%
0.21%
4
91-120 days
0.54%
0.38%
0.28%
0.46%
0.87%
0.29%
0.66%
0.52%
0.37%
0.42%
0.20%
0.34%
5
121-150 days
0.33%
0.20%
0.27%
0.17%
0.17%
0.53%
0.47%
0.50%
0.46%
0.24%
0.27%
0.24%
6
151-180 days
0.29%
0.25%
0.27%
0.23%
0.30%
0.14%
0.31%
0.42%
0.36%
0.25%
0.19%
0.21%
7
>180 days
0.87%
0.97%
0.88%
1.03%
1.08%
1.06%
1.01%
1.12%
1.27%
1.16%
1.15%
1.04%
Percentage klanten 31.01.2021 28.02.2021 31.03.2021 30.04.2021 31.05.2021 30.06.2021 31.07.2021 31.08.2021 30.09.2021 31.10.2021 30.11.2021 31.12.2021
0
0 days
94.94%
94.85%
95.85%
95.50%
95.63%
96.39%
96.21%
96.49%
96.88%
96.41%
97.04%
97.47%
1
1-30 days
1.87%
1.96%
1.41%
1.68%
1.55%
1.14%
1.52%
1.27%
1.03%
1.49%
1.09%
1.07%
2
31-60 days
0.48%
0.93%
0.66%
0.72%
0.75%
0.64%
0.48%
0.34%
0.46%
0.54%
0.50%
0.39%
3
61-90 days
0.62%
0.47%
0.44%
0.38%
0.25%
0.32%
0.17%
0.41%
0.16%
0.13%
0.22%
0.11%
4
91-120 days
0.40%
0.30%
0.30%
0.33%
0.46%
0.20%
0.35%
0.24%
0.29%
0.26%
0.11%
0.20%
5
121-150 days
0.24%
0.19%
0.19%
0.20%
0.23%
0.30%
0.21%
0.20%
0.16%
0.18%
0.15%
0.12%
6
151-180 days
0.22%
0.17%
0.09%
0.17%
0.08%
0.14%
0.23%
0.17%
0.14%
0.13%
0.13%
0.12%
7
>180 days
1.24%
1.12%
1.07%
1.02%
1.06%
0.87%
0.83%
0.89%
0.88%
0.85%
0.75%
0.54%

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 - 
Percentage klanten 31.01.2022 28.02.2022 31.03.2022 30.04.2022 31.05.2022 30.06.2022 31.07.2022 31.08.2022 30.09.2022 31.10.2022 30.11.2022 31.12.2022
0
0 days
96.65%
96.69%
96.87%
96.57%
96.74%
97.06%
96.75%
96.88%
96.91%
96.57%
97.04%
96.78%
1
1-30 days
1.55%
1.54%
1.48%
1.61%
1.49%
1.23%
1.54%
1.41%
1.41%
1.66%
1.30%
1.48%
2
31-60 days
0.31%
0.56%
0.51%
0.60%
0.60%
0.59%
0.50%
0.33%
0.48%
0.55%
0.53%
0.58%
3
61-90 days
0.38%
0.27%
0.27%
0.30%
0.17%
0.30%
0.19%
0.38%
0.17%
0.13%
0.28%
0.15%
4
91-120 days
0.23%
0.18%
0.20%
0.22%
0.34%
0.12%
0.26%
0.26%
0.26%
0.28%
0.10%
0.28%
5
121-150 days
0.14%
0.12%
0.10%
0.14%
0.14%
0.22%
0.18%
0.17%
0.20%
0.19%
0.19%
0.16%
6
151-180 days
0.11%
0.09%
0.06%
0.09%
0.04%
0.10%
0.17%
0.11%
0.12%
0.16%
0.12%
0.13%
7
>180 days
0.63%
0.54%
0.52%
0.47%
0.46%
0.38%
0.42%
0.46%
0.45%
0.46%
0.45%
0.43%
Percentage klanten 31.01.2023 28.02.2023 31.03.2023 30.04.2023 31.05.2023 30.06.2023 2023-07-31 2023-08-31 2023-09-30 2023-10-31 2023-11-30 2023-12-31
0
0 days
96.68%
96.65%
96.80%
96.40%
96.38%
96.83%
96.63%
96.34%
96.55%
96.39%
96.55%
96.16%
1
1-30 days
1.67%
1.61%
1.48%
1.76%
1.78%
1.43%
1.66%
1.90%
1.53%
1.65%
1.49%
1.75%
2
31-60 days
0.34%
0.57%
0.55%
0.63%
0.63%
0.54%
0.51%
0.32%
0.62%
0.63%
0.56%
0.62%
3
61-90 days
0.37%
0.31%
0.30%
0.31%
0.16%
0.29%
0.19%
0.44%
0.18%
0.21%
0.40%
0.18%
4
91-120 days
0.23%
0.22%
0.22%
0.24%
0.40%
0.12%
0.24%
0.27%
0.34%
0.32%
0.15%
0.36%
5
121-150 days
0.17%
0.13%
0.15%
0.16%
0.13%
0.26%
0.17%
0.13%
0.20%
0.20%
0.20%
0.19%
6
151-180 days
0.11%
0.11%
0.05%
0.10%
0.07%
0.11%
0.19%
0.12%
0.10%
0.14%
0.15%
0.16%
7
>180 days
0.44%
0.39%
0.45%
0.40%
0.45%
0.42%
0.42%
0.49%
0.49%
0.47%
0.51%
0.57%
Percentage klanten
2024-01-31
2024-02-29
2024-03-31
2024-04-30
2024-05-31
2024-06-30
2024-07-31
0
0 days
96.37%
96.38%
96.27%
97.79%
95.96%
96.08%
96.42%
1
1-30 days
1.69%
1.59%
1.47%
0.09%
1.88%
1.61%
1.47%
2
31-60 days
0.30%
0.54%
0.71%
0.49%
0.59%
0.71%
0.52%
3
61-90 days
0.40%
0.32%
0.34%
0.40%
0.18%
0.31%
0.20%
4
91-120 days
0.29%
0.27%
0.12%
0.25%
0.41%
0.14%
0.27%
5
121-150 days
0.24%
0.10%
0.22%
0.09%
0.09%
0.31%
0.17%
6
151-180 days
0.13%
0.18%
0.16%
0.16%
0.15%
0.07%
0.12%
7
>180 days
0.57%
0.61%
0.70%
0.73%
0.74%
0.76%
0.82%

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 - 
0,00%
1,00%
2,00%
3,00%
4,00%
5,00%
6,00%
7,00%
31.01.2014
30.04.2014
31.07.2014
31.10.2014
31.01.2015
30.04.2015
31.07.2015
31.10.2015
31.01.2016
30.04.2016
31.07.2016
31.10.2016
31.01.2017
30.04.2017
31.07.2017
31.10.2017
31.01.2018
30.04.2018
31.07.2018
31.10.2018
31.01.2019
30.04.2019
31.07.2019
31.10.2019
31.01.2020
30.04.2020
31.07.2020
31.10.2020
31.01.2021
30.04.2021
31.07.2021
31.10.2021
31.01.2022
30.04.2022
31.07.2022
31.10.2022
31.01.2023
30.04.2023
2023-07-31
2023-10-31
2024-01-31
2024-04-30
2024-07-31
%  operational lease customers per arrear class
Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V.
1-30 days
31-60 days
61-90 days
91-120 days
121-150 days
151-180 days
>180 days

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 - 
DYNAMIC LOSSES
Fleet 
31.01.2014
28.02.2014
31.03.2014
30.04.2014
31.05.2014
30.06.2014
31.07.2014
31.08.2014
30.09.2014
31.10.2014
30.11.2014
31.12.2014
12m loss ratio
0.03%
0.02%
0.61%
0.26%
0.70%
1.44%
0.12%
0.64%
0.52%
0.81%
1.17%
1.16%
Impairment ratio
2.72%
2.76%
2.62%
2.65%
2.64%
2.47%
2.78%
2.58%
2.88%
2.71%
2.59%
2.45%
Fleet 
31.01.2015 28.02.2015 31.03.2015 30.04.2015 31.05.2015
30.06.2015
31.07.2015
31.08.2015
30.09.2015
31.10.2015
30.11.2015
31.12.2015
12m loss ratio
0.56%
0.72%
0.27%
0.31%
0.21%
0.58%
0.62%
0.59%
0.59%
0.53%
0.46%
0.40%
Impairment ratio
2.34%
2.30%
2.27%
2.39%
2.37%
2.35%
2.28%
2.22%
2.12%
2.08%
2.00%
1.90%
Fleet 
31.01.2016
29.02.2016
31.03.2016
30.04.2016
31.05.2016
30.06.2016
31.07.2016
31.08.2016
30.09.2016
31.10.2016
30.11.2016
31.12.2016
12m loss ratio
0.36%
0.33%
0.34%
0.35%
0.36%
0.33%
0.28%
0.34%
0.33%
0.35%
0.43%
0.46%
Impairment ratio
1.65%
1.67%
1.61%
1.63%
1.49%
1.50%
1.50%
1.42%
1.41%
1.38%
1.30%
1.24%
Fleet 
31.01.2017
28.02.2017
31.03.2017
30.04.2017
31.05.2017
30.06.2017
31.07.2017
31.08.2017
30.09.2017
31.10.2017
30.11.2017
31.12.2017
12m loss ratio
0.47%
0.52%
0.53%
0.51%
0.48%
0.48%
0.49%
0.40%
0.38%
0.53%
0.44%
0.45%
Impairment ratio
0.96%
0.92%
0.89%
0.90%
0.88%
0.88%
0.87%
0.87%
0.85%
0.80%
0.75%
0.71%
Fleet 
31.01.2018
28.02.2018
31.03.2018
30.04.2018
31.05.2018
30.06.2018
31.07.2018
31.08.2018
30.09.2018
31.10.2018
30.11.2018
31.12.2018
12m loss ratio
0.41%
0.36%
0.32%
0.31%
0.31%
0.30%
0.27%
0.37%
0.36%
0.19%
0.19%
0.12%
Impairment ratio
1.01%
0.99%
1.01%
1.05%
1.05%
1.02%
1.01%
0.95%
0.92%
0.90%
0.85%
0.83%
Fleet 
31.01.2019
28.02.2019
31.03.2019
30.04.2019
31.05.2019
30.06.2019
31.07.2019
31.08.2019
30.09.2019
31.10.2019
30.11.2019
31.12.2019
12m loss ratio
0.13%
0.13%
0.14%
0.14%
0.14%
0.14%
0.14%
0.05%
0.05%
0.05%
0.04%
0.12%
Impairment ratio
0.87%
0.99%
0.99%
0.95%
1.02%
1.02%
1.09%
1.11%
1.15%
1.18%
1.19%
1.21%
Fleet 
31.01.2020
29.02.2020
31.03.2020
30.04.2020
31.05.2020
30.06.2020
31.07.2020
31.08.2020
30.09.2020
31.10.2020
30.11.2020
31.12.2020
12m loss ratio
0.12%
0.11%
0.11%
0.11%
0.11%
0.11%
0.12%
0.12%
0.14%
0.16%
0.16%
0.08%
Impairment ratio
1.28%
1.29%
1.34%
1.35%
1.47%
1.54%
1.53%
1.76%
1.57%
1.58%
1.55%
1.49%

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 - 
Fleet 
31.01.2021
28.02.2021
31.03.2021
30.04.2021
31.05.2021
30.06.2021
31.07.2021
31.08.2021 30.09.2021 31.10.2021 30.11.2021 31.12.2021
12m loss ratio
0.09%
0.09%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.17%
0.16%
0.16%
0.14%
0.13%
0.15%
0.20%
Impairment ratio
1.55%
1.57%
1.51%
1.41%
1.39%
1.22%
1.26%
1.21%
1.14%
1.16%
1.19%
1.14%
Fleet 
31.01.2022
28.02.2022
31.03.2022
30.04.2022
31.05.2022
30.06.2022
31.07.2022
31.08.2022
30.09.2022
31.10.2022
30.11.2022
31.12.2022
12m loss ratio
0.19%
0.20%
0.20%
0.20%
0.20%
0.14%
0.14%
0.15%
0.16%
0.16%
0.15%
0.10%
Impairment ratio
1.14%
1.19%
1.21%
1.19%
1.19%
1.17%
1.18%
1.25%
1.20%
1.40%
1.34%
1.37%
Fleet 
31.01.2023
28.02.2023 31.03.2023
30.04.2023 31.05.2023
30.06.2023
30.06.2023 31.07.2023 31.08.2023
30.09.2023
31.10.2023
30.11.2023
31.12.2023
12m loss ratio
0.10%
0.09%
0.09%
0.09%
0.09%
0.08%
0.08%
0.08%
0.09%
0.09%
0.09%
0.09%
0.09%
Impairment ratio
1.35%
1.36%
1.35%
1.33%
1.31%
1.28%
1.28%
1.28%
1.34%
1.39%
1.40%
1.41%
1.45%
Fleet 
31.01.2024
29.02.2024
31.03.2024
30.04.2024
31.05.2024
30.06.2024
31.07.2024
12m loss ratio
0.08%
0.08%
0.08%
0.07%
0.07%
0.07%
0.07%
Impairment ratio
1.46%
1.62%
1.63%
1.65%
1.75%
1.87%
1.86%

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 - 
0,00%
0,50%
1,00%
1,50%
2,00%
2,50%
30.06.2015
31.08.2015
31.10.2015
31.12.2015
29.02.2016
30.04.2016
30.06.2016
31.08.2016
31.10.2016
31.12.2016
28.02.2017
30.04.2017
30.06.2017
31.08.2017
31.10.2017
31.12.2017
28.02.2018
30.04.2018
30.06.2018
31.08.2018
31.10.2018
31.12.2018
28.02.2019
30.04.2019
30.06.2019
31.08.2019
31.10.2019
31.12.2019
29.02.2020
30.04.2020
30.06.2020
31.08.2020
31.10.2020
31.12.2020
28.02.2021
30.04.2021
30.06.2021
31.08.2021
31.10.2021
31.12.2021
28.02.2022
30.04.2022
30.06.2022
31.08.2022
31.10.2022
31.12.2022
28.02.2023
30.04.2023
30.06.2023
31.07.2023
30.09.2023
30.11.2023
31.01.2024
31.03.2024
31.05.2024
31.07.2024
Loss and impairment related to bookvalue - VWPFS operational lease portfolio
12m loss ratio
Impairment ratio
IAS39 to IFRS9 
Covid impairment

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 - 
Weighted Average Lives of the Notes / Assumed Amortisation of the Purchased Receivables and 
Notes 
Weighted Average Lives of the Notes 
Weighted average lives of the Notes refers to the average amount of time that will elapse (on a 30/360 basis) 
from the date of issuance of a security to the date of distribution of amounts to the investor distributed in 
reduction of principal of such security (assuming no losses). The weighted average life of the Notes will be 
influenced by, amongst other things, the rate at which the Lease Receivables are paid, which may be in the 
form of scheduled amortisation, prepayments or liquidations and the rate at which realisation proceeds are 
generated under the Purchased Vehicles.

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 - 
Purchased Vehicles and Associated Lease Receivables 
The following table is prepared on the basis of certain assumptions as described under the "Weighted 
Average Lives of the Notes/ Assumed Amortisation of the Purchased Receivables and Notes - Amortisation 
Profile of the Purchased Receivables", regarding the weighted average characteristics of the Purchased 
Receivables and the performance thereof.

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 - 
Run Out Schedule 
Reporting period
Principal
Interest
Instalment
arrears
605,091.76 €
137,624.97 €
742,716.73 €
11.2024
39,933,650.94 €
4,434,131.81 €
44,367,782.75 €
12.2024
34,839,517.24 €
4,292,831.08 €
39,132,348.32 €
01.2025
45,740,274.04 €
4,161,574.53 €
49,901,848.57 €
02.2025
32,384,287.90 €
3,461,981.47 €
35,846,269.37 €
03.2025
39,681,027.90 €
4,406,814.63 €
44,087,842.53 €
04.2025
35,089,793.42 €
3,708,038.34 €
38,797,831.76 €
05.2025
34,286,710.28 €
3,617,943.48 €
37,904,653.76 €
06.2025
39,679,098.15 €
3,470,273.22 €
43,149,371.37 €
07.2025
38,413,882.16 €
3,327,578.51 €
41,741,460.67 €
08.2025
32,511,071.29 €
3,184,323.10 €
35,695,394.39 €
09.2025
32,890,048.39 €
3,057,749.77 €
35,947,798.16 €
10.2025
35,796,381.35 €
2,950,220.61 €
38,746,601.96 €
11.2025
40,395,193.44 €
2,810,322.44 €
43,205,515.88 €
12.2025
33,121,146.84 €
2,663,909.40 €
35,785,056.24 €
01.2026
41,634,953.53 €
2,540,692.72 €
44,175,646.25 €
02.2026
26,853,706.79 €
2,080,578.96 €
28,934,285.75 €
03.2026
28,924,474.87 €
2,596,247.43 €
31,520,722.30 €
04.2026
25,584,302.35 €
2,171,015.91 €
27,755,318.26 €
05.2026
26,146,154.21 €
2,098,432.82 €
28,244,587.03 €
06.2026
26,677,040.25 €
1,990,671.07 €
28,667,711.32 €
07.2026
25,445,459.86 €
1,893,573.38 €
27,339,033.24 €
08.2026
22,557,450.88 €
1,799,243.80 €
24,356,694.68 €
09.2026
23,451,968.95 €
1,712,298.98 €
25,164,267.93 €
10.2026
24,515,435.27 €
1,633,607.71 €
26,149,042.98 €
11.2026
26,308,566.88 €
1,538,993.68 €
27,847,560.56 €
12.2026
18,950,766.87 €
1,442,962.44 €
20,393,729.31 €
01.2027
30,975,790.41 €
1,372,704.20 €
32,348,494.61 €
02.2027
20,453,372.49 €
1,104,302.44 €
21,557,674.93 €
03.2027
23,291,526.78 €
1,338,103.28 €
24,629,630.06 €
04.2027
19,753,882.51 €
1,092,091.06 €
20,845,973.57 €
05.2027
19,609,485.98 €
1,030,037.54 €
20,639,523.52 €
06.2027
19,585,790.31 €
952,207.47 €
20,537,997.78 €
07.2027
18,586,199.65 €
880,499.00 €
19,466,698.65 €
08.2027
15,198,135.99 €
811,806.28 €
16,009,942.27 €
09.2027
15,373,706.56 €
754,090.28 €
16,127,796.84 €
10.2027
16,673,308.23 €
700,915.67 €
17,374,223.90 €
11.2027
18,022,745.40 €
637,640.15 €
18,660,385.55 €
12.2027
10,939,620.95 €
571,484.97 €
11,511,105.92 €
01.2028
19,227,392.76 €
531,064.04 €
19,758,456.80 €
02.2028
12,746,161.36 €
429,331.98 €
13,175,493.34 €
03.2028
12,498,799.94 €
444,289.99 €
12,943,089.93 €
04.2028
10,187,730.06 €
367,168.37 €
10,554,898.43 €
05.2028
9,617,952.88 €
329,764.81 €
9,947,717.69 €
06.2028
9,299,868.90 €
294,269.39 €
9,594,138.29 €
07.2028
8,717,191.48 €
260,009.54 €
8,977,201.02 €
08.2028
7,172,241.33 €
227,895.63 €
7,400,136.96 €
09.2028
5,701,031.88 €
201,085.39 €
5,902,117.27 €
10.2028
7,398,649.30 €
180,861.98 €
7,579,511.28 €
11.2028
7,531,736.51 €
153,215.79 €
7,684,952.30 €
12.2028
4,812,696.10 €
125,469.52 €
4,938,165.62 €
01.2029
8,470,760.19 €
107,740.00 €
8,578,500.19 €
02.2029
4,796,229.74 €
71,356.64 €
4,867,586.38 €
03.2029
3,907,805.58 €
64,062.48 €
3,971,868.06 €
04.2029
3,443,724.92 €
44,459.68 €
3,488,184.60 €
05.2029
3,428,337.86 €
31,792.98 €
3,460,130.84 €
06.2029
2,316,143.57 €
19,153.40 €
2,335,296.97 €
07.2029
2,390,330.92 €
10,620.92 €
2,400,951.84 €
08.2029
492,707.69 €
1,815.05 €
494,522.74 €
Total
1,205,038,514.04 €
88,324,946.18 €
1,293,363,460.22 €

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 - 
The table below assumes, among other things, that the Issuer holds a pool of Purchased Receivables with 
the following characteristics: 
(a) 
the Portfolio is subject to a constant annual rate of prepayment as set out under "CPR"; 
(b) 
no Purchased Vehicles are repurchased by the Seller; 
(c) 
each series of Notes has the characteristics on 25 November 2024 as set out in the following table: 
Series 
Outstanding Balance 
Fixed Rate Under the Swap 
Series A 2016-2 
EUR 150,000,000 
2.75% 
Series A 2016-3 
EUR 100,000,000 
2.75% 
Series A 2016-4 
EUR 150,000,000 
2.75% 
Series A 2016-5 
EUR 180,000,000 
2.75% 
Series A 2016-6 
EUR 100,000,000 
2.75% 
Series A 2021-1 
EUR 175,600,000 
2.75% 
Series B 2016-1 
EUR 77,400,000  
3.42% 
Series B 2016-2 
EUR 20,000,000 
3.42% 
(d) 
the Payment Date is assumed to be the 25th of each month; 
(e) 
a Revolving Period of twelve (12) months was assumed; 
(f) 
the Clean-Up Call Option is exercised; 
(g) 
the Purchased Assets are fully performing; 
(h) 
the Discount Rate is to be 4.4207 per cent. and the Monthly Payments are discounted back to 31 
October 2024; 
(i) 
third party expenses and servicing fees together are assumed to be 1.03 per cent. of the Aggregate 
Discounted Receivables Balance; 
(j) 
no Early Amortisation Event has occurred; 
(k) 
no tap issuance has been made; 
(l) 
no extension of the Revolving Period; 
(m) 
each Series of Notes amortises at the end of the Revolving Period; 
(n) 
no swap event of default or termination event occurs and no swap payments are due to the Swap 
Counterparty other than the Net Swap Payments due under item fourth of the pre-enforcement Order 
of Priority; 
(o) 
the hypothetical fixed rate to swap the floating rate payments of the Subordinated Loan is assumed 
to be 5.1467 per cent; and 
(p) 
the Subordinated Loan balance is EUR 46,665,444.73.

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 - 
The approximate average lives of the Notes, at various assumed rates of prepayment of the Purchased 
Receivables, would be as follows: 
Class A 
Class B 
CPR 
Weighted 
Average Life in 
Years 
First Principal 
Payment 
Expected 
Maturity 
Weighted 
Average Life in 
Years 
First Principal 
Payment 
Expected 
Maturity 
0% 
2.43 
Dec-25 
Feb-29 
2.70 
Jun-26 
Feb-29 
5% 
2.35 
Dec-25 
Jan-29 
2.59 
Jun-26 
Jan-29 
10% 
2.26 
Dec-25 
Nov-28 
2.49 
May-26 
Nov-28 
13% 
2.21 
Dec-25 
Oct-28 
2.43 
May-26 
Oct-28 
The information set out in this section entitled "WEIGHTED AVERAGE LIFE OF THE NOTES" has been 
provided by the Lead Manager for use in this Base Prospectus and the Lead Manager (subject to the 
qualifications in this section) is solely responsible for the accuracy of the information set out in this section 
entitled "WEIGHTED AVERAGE LIFE OF THE NOTES" taking into account the assumptions selected above, 
except to the extent that any inaccuracy results from information provided by Volkswagen Pon Financial 
Services B.V. to the Lead Manager for the purpose of preparing this section of the Base Prospectus in which 
case Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. is solely responsible for the accuracy of the information set out 
in this section entitled "WEIGHTED AVERAGE LIFE OF THE NOTES" to the extent of the inaccuracy. 
Furthermore, it should also be noted that the calculation of the approximate average lives of the Notes as 
made by the Lead Manager and as made by the provider of the cash flow model pursuant to Article 22(3) of 
the Securitisation Regulation might deviate from each other due to different calculation methods used by the 
Lead Manager (for the purpose of calculating the Weighted Average Life of the Notes) and the provider of the 
cash flow model (for the purpose of Article 22(3) of the Securitisation Regulation). 
To the best knowledge and belief of the Issuer, the above information has been accurately reproduced. The 
Issuer is able to ascertain from the above information provided by the Lead Manager that no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The calculation of the approximate average lives of the Notes as made by the Lead Manager is based on the 
assumptions selected above. However, it should be noted that the exact average lives of the Notes cannot 
be predicted as the actual rate at which the Purchased Receivables will be repaid and a number of other 
relevant factors are unknown and largely outside the control of the Issuer and the Lead Manager. Therefore, 
each investor should be aware that any such assumption is likely to change and any such change in any 
assumption used for calculating the approximate average lives of the Notes may lead to a change of the 
approximate average lives of the Notes. 
Amortisation Profile of the Lease Receivables 
The amortisation of the Lease Receivables associated to the Purchased Vehicles is subject to factors largely 
outside the control of the Issuer and consequently no assurance can be given that the assumptions and the 
estimates above will prove in any way to be realistic and they must therefore be viewed with considerable 
caution.

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 - 
Assumed Amortisation of the Notes 
Total Class A 
2016-2A 
2016-3A 
2016-4A 
2016-5A 
2016-6A 
2021-1A 
Total Class B 
2016-1B 
2016-2B 
Amortization ProfileMaximum Issuance Amount
880,000,000.00  
150,000,000.00 100,000,000.00 150,000,000.00 180,000,000.00 100,000,000.00 200,000,000.00 
Maximum Issuance Amount
120,000,000.00  
100,000,000.00 
20,000,000.00 
Weighted Average Life (yrs) 
2.35 
2.35 
2.35 
2.35 
2.35 
2.35 
2.35 
Weighted Average Life (yrs) 
2.59 
2.59 
2.59 
Period 
Payment Date 
Note Balance Class A total
2016-2A 
2016-3A 
2016-4A 
2016-5A 
2016-6A 
2021-1A 
Period
Payment Date 
Note Balance Class B totalClass B 2014-1Class B 2014-3
0 
11/25/2024 
855,600,000.00 €150,000,000.00 €100,000,000.00 €150,000,000.00 €180,000,000.00 €100,000,000.00 €175,600,000.00 €
0 
11/25/2024 
97,400,000.00 € 77,400,000.00 € 20,000,000.00 €
1 
12/27/2024 
855,600,000.00 €150,000,000.00 €100,000,000.00 €150,000,000.00 €180,000,000.00 €100,000,000.00 €175,600,000.00 €
1 
12/27/2024 
97,400,000.00 € 77,400,000.00 € 20,000,000.00 €
2 
1/27/2025 
855,600,000.00 €150,000,000.00 €100,000,000.00 €150,000,000.00 €180,000,000.00 €100,000,000.00 €175,600,000.00 €
2 
1/27/2025 
97,400,000.00 € 77,400,000.00 € 20,000,000.00 €
3 
2/25/2025 
855,600,000.00 €150,000,000.00 €100,000,000.00 €150,000,000.00 €180,000,000.00 €100,000,000.00 €175,600,000.00 €
3 
2/25/2025 
97,400,000.00 € 77,400,000.00 € 20,000,000.00 €
4 
3/25/2025 
855,600,000.00 €150,000,000.00 €100,000,000.00 €150,000,000.00 €180,000,000.00 €100,000,000.00 €175,600,000.00 €
4 
3/25/2025 
97,400,000.00 € 77,400,000.00 € 20,000,000.00 €
5 
4/25/2025 
855,600,000.00 €150,000,000.00 €100,000,000.00 €150,000,000.00 €180,000,000.00 €100,000,000.00 €175,600,000.00 €
5 
4/25/2025 
97,400,000.00 € 77,400,000.00 € 20,000,000.00 €
6 
5/26/2025 
855,600,000.00 €150,000,000.00 €100,000,000.00 €150,000,000.00 €180,000,000.00 €100,000,000.00 €175,600,000.00 €
6 
5/26/2025 
97,400,000.00 € 77,400,000.00 € 20,000,000.00 €
7 
6/25/2025 
855,600,000.00 €150,000,000.00 €100,000,000.00 €150,000,000.00 €180,000,000.00 €100,000,000.00 €175,600,000.00 €
7 
6/25/2025 
97,400,000.00 € 77,400,000.00 € 20,000,000.00 €
8 
7/25/2025 
855,600,000.00 €150,000,000.00 €100,000,000.00 €150,000,000.00 €180,000,000.00 €100,000,000.00 €175,600,000.00 €
8 
7/25/2025 
97,400,000.00 € 77,400,000.00 € 20,000,000.00 €
9 
8/25/2025 
855,600,000.00 €150,000,000.00 €100,000,000.00 €150,000,000.00 €180,000,000.00 €100,000,000.00 €175,600,000.00 €
9 
8/25/2025 
97,400,000.00 € 77,400,000.00 € 20,000,000.00 €
10 
9/25/2025 
855,600,000.00 €150,000,000.00 €100,000,000.00 €150,000,000.00 €180,000,000.00 €100,000,000.00 €175,600,000.00 €
10 
9/25/2025 
97,400,000.00 € 77,400,000.00 € 20,000,000.00 €
11 
10/27/2025 
855,600,000.00 €150,000,000.00 €100,000,000.00 €150,000,000.00 €180,000,000.00 €100,000,000.00 €175,600,000.00 €
11 
10/27/2025 
97,400,000.00 € 77,400,000.00 € 20,000,000.00 €
12 
11/25/2025 
855,600,000.00 €150,000,000.00 €100,000,000.00 €150,000,000.00 €180,000,000.00 €100,000,000.00 €175,600,000.00 €
12 
11/25/2025 
97,400,000.00 € 77,400,000.00 € 20,000,000.00 €
13 
12/29/2025 
814,017,945.29 €142,710,018.46 € 95,140,012.31 €142,710,018.46 €171,252,022.15 € 95,140,012.31 €167,065,861.61 €
13 
12/29/2025 
97,400,000.00 € 77,400,000.00 € 20,000,000.00 €
14 
1/26/2026 
761,602,568.26 €133,520,786.86 € 89,013,857.91 €133,520,786.86 €160,224,944.23 € 89,013,857.91 €156,308,334.49 €
14 
1/26/2026 
97,400,000.00 € 77,400,000.00 € 20,000,000.00 €
15 
2/25/2026 
723,775,471.98 €126,889,107.99 € 84,592,738.66 €126,889,107.99 €152,266,929.59 € 84,592,738.66 €148,544,849.09 €
15 
2/25/2026 
97,400,000.00 € 77,400,000.00 € 20,000,000.00 €
16 
3/25/2026 
677,762,006.18 €118,822,231.10 € 79,214,820.73 €118,822,231.10 €142,586,677.32 € 79,214,820.73 €139,101,225.20 €
16 
3/25/2026 
97,400,000.00 € 77,400,000.00 € 20,000,000.00 €
17 
4/27/2026 
637,315,947.58 €111,731,407.36 € 74,487,604.91 €111,731,407.36 €134,077,688.83 € 74,487,604.91 €130,800,234.22 €
17 
4/27/2026 
97,400,000.00 € 77,400,000.00 € 20,000,000.00 €
18 
5/25/2026 
597,962,261.31 €104,832,093.50 € 69,888,062.33 €104,832,093.50 €125,798,512.20 € 69,888,062.33 €122,723,437.45 €
18 
5/25/2026 
97,400,000.00 € 77,400,000.00 € 20,000,000.00 €
19 
6/25/2026 
566,922,130.63 € 99,390,275.36 € 66,260,183.57 € 99,390,275.36 €119,268,330.43 € 66,260,183.57 €116,352,882.35 €
19 
6/25/2026 
84,019,766.63 € 66,767,247.81 € 17,252,518.81 €
20 
7/27/2026 
540,651,457.48 € 94,784,617.37 € 63,189,744.91 € 94,784,617.37 €113,741,540.84 € 63,189,744.91 €110,961,192.07 €
20 
7/27/2026 
72,086,861.00 € 57,284,630.81 € 14,802,230.18 €
21 
8/25/2026 
515,356,225.93 € 90,349,969.48 € 60,233,312.99 € 90,349,969.48 €108,419,963.38 € 60,233,312.99 €105,769,697.61 €
21 
8/25/2026 
68,714,163.46 € 54,604,478.97 € 14,109,684.49 €
22 
9/25/2026 
493,788,158.17 € 86,568,751.43 € 57,712,500.95 € 86,568,751.43 €103,882,501.72 € 57,712,500.95 €101,343,151.68 €
22 
9/25/2026 
65,838,421.09 € 52,319,238.11 € 13,519,182.98 €
23 
10/26/2026 
472,173,138.79 € 82,779,302.03 € 55,186,201.35 € 82,779,302.03 € 99,335,162.44 € 55,186,201.35 € 96,906,969.58 €
23 
10/26/2026 
62,956,418.50 € 50,029,022.51 € 12,927,396.00 €
24 
11/25/2026 
449,020,701.80 € 78,720,319.39 € 52,480,212.93 € 78,720,319.39 € 94,464,383.27 € 52,480,212.93 € 92,155,253.90 €
24 
11/25/2026 
59,869,426.91 € 47,575,910.09 € 12,293,516.82 €
25 
12/28/2026 
423,357,842.29 € 74,221,220.60 € 49,480,813.73 € 74,221,220.60 € 89,065,464.72 € 49,480,813.73 € 86,888,308.91 €
25 
12/28/2026 
56,447,712.31 € 44,856,806.29 € 11,590,906.02 €
26 
1/25/2027 
402,168,419.82 € 70,506,384.96 € 47,004,256.64 € 70,506,384.96 € 84,607,661.95 € 47,004,256.64 € 82,539,474.66 €
26 
1/25/2027 
53,622,455.98 € 42,611,684.73 € 11,010,771.25 €
27 
2/25/2027 
376,195,712.87 € 65,952,965.09 € 43,968,643.39 € 65,952,965.09 € 79,143,558.11 € 43,968,643.39 € 77,208,937.80 €
27 
2/25/2027 
50,858,450.01 € 40,415,236.45 € 10,443,213.55 €
28 
3/25/2027 
359,016,644.93 € 62,941,207.04 € 41,960,804.69 € 62,941,207.04 € 75,529,448.44 € 41,960,804.69 € 73,683,173.04 €
28 
3/25/2027 
47,868,885.99 € 38,039,545.95 €
9,829,340.04 €
29 
4/26/2027 
340,784,500.80 € 59,744,828.33 € 39,829,885.55 € 59,744,828.33 € 71,693,794.00 € 39,829,885.55 € 69,941,279.03 €
29 
4/26/2027 
45,437,933.44 € 36,107,762.30 €
9,330,171.14 €
30 
5/25/2027 
324,624,801.08 € 56,911,781.40 € 37,941,187.60 € 56,911,781.40 € 68,294,137.67 € 37,941,187.60 € 66,624,725.42 €
30 
5/25/2027 
43,283,306.81 € 34,395,564.14 €
8,887,742.67 €
31 
6/25/2027 
308,278,063.85 € 54,045,943.87 € 36,030,629.25 € 54,045,943.87 € 64,855,132.65 € 36,030,629.25 € 63,269,784.96 €
31 
6/25/2027 
41,103,741.85 € 32,663,548.45 €
8,440,193.40 €
32 
7/26/2027 
291,765,511.80 € 51,151,036.43 € 34,100,690.95 € 51,151,036.43 € 61,381,243.72 € 34,100,690.95 € 59,880,813.32 €
32 
7/26/2027 
38,902,068.24 € 30,913,963.88 €
7,988,104.36 €
33 
8/25/2027 
276,090,046.69 € 48,402,883.36 € 32,268,588.91 € 48,402,883.36 € 58,083,460.03 € 32,268,588.91 € 56,663,642.12 €
33 
8/25/2027 
36,812,006.22 € 29,253,072.71 €
7,558,933.52 €
34 
9/27/2027 
262,176,737.30 € 45,963,663.62 € 30,642,442.41 € 45,963,663.62 € 55,156,396.35 € 30,642,442.41 € 53,808,128.88 €
34 
9/27/2027 
34,956,898.31 € 27,778,890.44 €
7,178,007.87 €
35 
10/25/2027 
247,876,944.30 € 43,456,687.29 € 28,971,124.86 € 43,456,687.29 € 52,148,024.75 € 28,971,124.86 € 50,873,295.25 €
35 
10/25/2027 
33,050,259.24 € 26,263,758.37 €
6,786,500.87 €
36 
11/25/2027 
233,102,291.83 € 40,866,460.70 € 27,244,307.13 € 40,866,460.70 € 49,039,752.84 € 27,244,307.13 € 47,841,003.33 €
36 
11/25/2027 
31,080,305.58 € 24,698,312.65 €
6,381,992.93 €
37 
12/27/2027 
217,453,795.01 € 38,123,035.59 € 25,415,357.06 € 38,123,035.59 € 45,747,642.71 € 25,415,357.06 € 44,629,367.00 €
37 
12/27/2027 
28,993,839.33 € 23,040,278.90 €
5,953,560.44 €
38 
1/25/2028 
206,018,486.36 € 36,118,247.96 € 24,078,831.97 € 36,118,247.96 € 43,341,897.55 € 24,078,831.97 € 42,282,428.94 €
38 
1/25/2028 
27,469,131.51 € 21,828,652.76 €
5,640,478.75 €
39 
2/25/2028 
188,041,310.44 € 32,966,569.15 € 21,977,712.77 € 32,966,569.15 € 39,559,882.98 € 21,977,712.77 € 38,592,863.62 €
39 
2/25/2028 
25,335,122.63 € 20,132,838.72 €
5,202,283.91 €
40 
3/27/2028 
176,001,635.83 € 30,855,826.76 € 20,570,551.17 € 30,855,826.76 € 37,026,992.11 € 20,570,551.17 € 36,121,887.86 €
40 
3/27/2028 
23,466,884.78 € 18,648,222.61 €
4,818,662.17 €
41 
4/25/2028 
162,512,010.45 € 28,490,885.42 € 18,993,923.61 € 28,490,885.42 € 34,189,062.51 € 18,993,923.61 € 33,353,329.87 €
41 
4/25/2028 
21,668,268.06 € 17,218,931.70 €
4,449,336.36 €
42 
5/25/2028 
151,064,458.19 € 26,483,951.30 € 17,655,967.53 € 26,483,951.30 € 31,780,741.55 € 17,655,967.53 € 31,003,878.98 €
42 
5/25/2028 
20,141,927.76 € 16,006,008.30 €
4,135,919.46 €
43 
6/26/2028 
139,793,108.07 € 24,507,908.15 € 16,338,605.43 € 24,507,908.15 € 29,409,489.78 € 16,338,605.43 € 28,690,591.14 €
43 
6/26/2028 
18,639,081.08 € 14,811,754.37 €
3,827,326.71 €
44 
7/25/2028 
128,631,373.96 € 22,551,082.39 € 15,034,054.93 € 22,551,082.39 € 27,061,298.87 € 15,034,054.93 € 26,399,800.45 €
44 
7/25/2028 
17,150,849.86 € 13,629,114.78 €
3,521,735.08 €

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 - 
Total Class A 
2016-2A 
2016-3A 
2016-4A 
2016-5A 
2016-6A 
2021-1A 
Total Class B 
2016-1B 
2016-2B 
Amortization ProfileMaximum Issuance Amount
880,000,000.00  
150,000,000.00 100,000,000.00 150,000,000.00 180,000,000.00 100,000,000.00 200,000,000.00 
Maximum Issuance Amount
120,000,000.00  
100,000,000.00 
20,000,000.00 
Weighted Average Life (yrs) 
2.35 
2.35 
2.35 
2.35 
2.35 
2.35 
2.35 
Weighted Average Life (yrs) 
2.59 
2.59 
2.59 
Period 
Payment Date 
Note Balance Class A total
2016-2A 
2016-3A 
2016-4A 
2016-5A 
2016-6A 
2021-1A 
Period
Payment Date 
Note Balance Class B totalClass B 2014-1Class B 2014-3
45 
8/25/2028 
118,102,734.72 € 20,705,248.02 € 13,803,498.68 € 20,705,248.02 € 24,846,297.63 € 13,803,498.68 € 24,238,943.68 €
45 
8/25/2028 
15,747,031.30 € 12,513,554.64 €
3,233,476.65 €
46 
9/25/2028 
109,475,983.09 € 19,192,844.16 € 12,795,229.44 € 19,192,844.16 € 23,031,412.99 € 12,795,229.44 € 22,468,422.90 €
46 
9/25/2028 
14,596,797.75 € 11,599,508.68 €
2,997,289.06 €
47 
10/25/2028 
100,829,825.46 € 17,677,038.12 € 11,784,692.08 € 17,677,038.12 € 21,212,445.75 € 11,784,692.08 € 20,693,919.30 €
47 
10/25/2028 
13,443,976.73 € 10,683,406.56 €
2,760,570.17 €
48 
11/27/2028 
91,570,016.04 € 16,053,649.38 € 10,702,432.92 € 16,053,649.38 € 19,264,379.25 € 10,702,432.92 € 18,793,472.20 €
48 
11/27/2028 
12,209,335.47 €
9,702,285.07 €
2,507,050.41 €
49 
12/27/2028 
81,679,693.72 € 14,319,721.90 €
9,546,481.27 € 14,319,721.90 € 17,183,666.28 €
9,546,481.27 € 16,763,621.10 €
49 
12/27/2028 
11,879,905.15 €
9,440,499.57 €
2,439,405.57 €
50 
1/25/2029 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
50 
1/25/2029 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
51 
2/26/2029 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
51 
2/26/2029 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
52 
3/26/2029 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
52 
3/26/2029 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
53 
4/25/2029 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
53 
4/25/2029 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
54 
5/25/2029 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
54 
5/25/2029 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
55 
6/25/2029 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
55 
6/25/2029 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
56 
7/25/2029 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
56 
7/25/2029 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
57 
8/27/2029 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
57 
8/27/2029 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
58 
9/25/2029 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
58 
9/25/2029 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
59 
10/25/2029 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
59 
10/25/2029 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
60 
11/26/2029 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
60 
11/26/2029 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
61 
12/27/2029 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
61 
12/27/2029 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
62 
1/25/2030 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
62 
1/25/2030 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
63 
2/25/2030 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
63 
2/25/2030 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
64 
3/25/2030 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
64 
3/25/2030 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
65 
4/25/2030 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
65 
4/25/2030 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
66 
5/27/2030 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
66 
5/27/2030 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
67 
6/25/2030 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
67 
6/25/2030 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
68 
7/25/2030 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
68 
7/25/2030 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
69 
8/26/2030 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
69 
8/26/2030 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
70 
9/25/2030 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
70 
9/25/2030 
0.00 €
0.00 €
0.00 €
The amortisation of the Notes is subject to factors largely outside the control of the Issuer and consequently no assurance can be given that the assumptions and the estimates 
above will prove in any way to be realistic and they must therefore be viewed with considerable caution.

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 - 
BUSINESS AND ORGANISATION OF VOLKSWAGEN PON FINANCIAL SERVICES B.V. 
Auto Lease Business in The Netherlands 
Overview of the Dutch Lease market 
The information provided in this section has been derived from publicly available information on the Dutch car 
lease market as published by the RAI Data Centre (the "RDC"), the Association of Dutch Car Lease 
Companies ("Vereniging van Nederlandse Autoleasemaatschappijen") (the "VNA") and internal VWPFS 
information. Information on the Dutch economy comes from the Dutch Central Bureau for Statistics (the 
"CBS") and CPB Netherlands Bureau for Economic Policy Analysis (the “CPB”). 
Introduction  
All three key vehicle segments - commercially leased passenger cars, privately leased passenger cars, and 
light commercial vehicles - experienced growth in 2023 compared to 2022. The increase was particularly 
pronounced in commercially leased passenger cars and light commercial vehicles, while private leasing saw 
a more modest rise of 2.5%. In 2024, the Dutch economy showed notable progress across various sectors. 
After a strong recovery from the economic low point in mid-2020, the Dutch economy continued to expand 
until mid-2022, followed by a period of nearly two years of economic stagnation. According to the latest data 
from Statistics Netherlands, the gross domestic product (GDP) in the second quarter of 2024 was 1.0 percent 
higher than in the previous quarter. 
Employment  
In the first half of 2024, the Dutch labor market remained tight. The unemployment rate in Q2 2024 was 3.6%, 
reflecting a slight increase of approximately 20,000 unemployed workers compared to the previous year's 
low. The net participation rate, which is the percentage of paid workers compared to the population aged 15 
to 75, reached 73.4%, marking a new all-time high in the total number of employed workers. This indicates 
continued strong engagement in the labor market. The labor market has remained robust, with only minor 
fluctuations, and the overall economic outlook has not seen significant changes. 
Consumer confidence  
In July 2024, consumer confidence improved compared to the previous year. According to Statistics 
Netherlands (CBS), consumer confidence rose from -39 in July 2023 to -24 in July 2024. This marks a 
reduction in negativity, indicating that consumers have become less pessimistic about the economic outlook 
over the past year. Despite this improvement, confidence remains below the long-term average of -10 
observed over the past two decades. 
Lease market the Netherlands   
The VNA states that by the end of 2023, the Dutch leased car fleet comprised an estimated 1,334 million 
cars, representing a 6.2% increase (78,100 vehicles) compared to 2022. All segments experienced growth, 
with the highest growth rate (7.3%) observed in commercially leased passenger cars. The total leased 
passenger car fleet increased by 63,200 cars over the year. 
The share of full battery-electric vehicles (BEVs) in the total fleet of commercially leased passenger cars 
increased from 25% in 2022 to 31% in 2023. The share of hybrids also grew, with plug-in hybrids accounting 
for 6% and hybrids for 14%. This growth came at the expense of diesel and gasoline vehicles. The same 
trend is evident in the private lease sector. Although electrification lags behind in private leasing compared to 
the commercial lease market, both electric and hybrid vehicles are clearly on the rise. In the light commercial 
vehicle lease sector, the growth of electric vehicles (BEVs) is still in its early stages. However, the inflow is 
gaining momentum as the availability of electric light commercial vehicles increases, with the share of BEVs 
rising from 3% in 2022 to 7% in 2023.

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 - 
The top 10 Lease companies in the Netherlands in terms of fleet size (alphabetical order): 
ALD Automotive 
Arval 
BMW Financial Services 
Broekhuis lease
Hiltermann Lease Group 
International Car Lease Holding 
Ayvens
Santander Holding
Toyota Louwman Financial Services 
Volkswagen Pon Financial Services 
The most popular newly leased vehicles 
Table 1 shows the top 10 of newly sold leased passenger cars by model for both passenger cars and light 
commercial vehicles in the Netherlands. 
Between [ ] = Ranking in 2022. 
Table 1. Top 10 newly sold leased cars by model and segment (Source: RDC)

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 - 
Lease contracts duration 
The average duration of lease contracts has shown a steadily increasing trend over the years. This trend 
continues in 2023, with a rise in the average duration of existing and new lease contracts. The theoretical 
duration for two-thirds of customers now exceeds four years, with a growing number exceeding five years. 
For many private lease drivers, the key factor is 'certainty', allowing individuals to lock in their (auto)mobility 
costs for an extended period. 
Table 2 shows the average contract terms in months per segment 
Table 2. Average contract term (Source: VNA) 
Operational lease vs. financial lease vs. fleet management 
From 2020 onwards, approximately a quarter of the passenger leased car fleet consisted of private leases. 
These private leases are typically operational leases, which include service components such as repairs, 
maintenance, and tires. A growing segment within the leased passenger car market is financial leases, which 
increased by 3% to reach 15% in 2024. The remaining 60% of passenger cars are leased to consumers 
through businesses. Of this 60%, 4% are actively managed by fleet managers, while the rest are covered by 
operational lease agreements with leasing companies. 
Private lease 
Over the past nine years, the fleet of private leased vehicles has grown to 245,100 customers. Nearly 87% 
of the total private leased fleet is with VNA members. The year-on-year growth rate for private leases within 
the VNA label was 2.4% in 2023. Although growth has somewhat slowed, with the fleet largely consisting of 
ongoing contracts, there was a notable increase in private leasing activity in 2023. This rise is partly due to 
the reintroduction of used vehicles (second cycle) and partly to the increased appeal of electric vehicles 
(EVs) to individual lessees. Another trend within the private lease segment is the shift towards choosing 
smaller and compact family cars, including SUVs, compared to the early days of private leasing when 
smaller city cars were more common.
Incorporation, Registered Office and Purpose  
General 
Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. ("VWPFS") was incorporated as a private company with limited 
liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) under the laws of The Netherlands on 8 
February 1994. The official seat (statutaire zetel) of VWPFS is in Amersfoort, The Netherlands and its 
registered office is at Saturnus 1, 3824 ME Amersfoort, The Netherlands and its telephone number is +31 
(033) 454 9900. VWPFS is registered with the Trade Register under number 20073305. 
VWPFS has the corporate power and capacity to enter into and perform its respective obligations under the 
Programme Documents to which it is a party. 
Corporate purpose  
The objects of VWPFS are:   
1.  
To acquire, sell, trade, lease, finance, insure, rent or otherwise make available motor vehicles and 
bikes for own account and risk, as well as carrying and providing car brand related commercial 
formulas to brand dealers.  
2.  
To keep and arrange for keeping records and accounts in general, and more specifically with 
respect to the exploitation of motor vehicles of third parties.

--- Page 125 ---
- 125 - 
3.  
To act as intermediary in taking out and arranging for car insurances and other insurances.  
4.  
To provide credit for the purpose of financing movable and immovable property, services and other 
objects, including the entering into and financing of rental, and revolving credit agreements and 
similar agreements, as well as acting as intermediary on the conclusion of such agreements;  
5.  
To provide services and advice as well as intermediary services with respect to insurances, leasing 
of movable and immovable property and renting of movable and immovable property;  
6.  
To, respectively, finance, participate in, co-found, manage, as well as take any interest in any form 
in other companies and businesses with similar or related objects, and the foregoing in the 
broadest sense.  
B.  
The corporate objects of VWPFS also include the incorporation and acquisition of, participation in, 
cooperation with and management of other companies, as well as (arranging for) financing, 
including by means of granting security, of other companies, more in particular of affiliated 
companies and third parties.  
C.  
Within the corporate objects of VWPFS, VWPFS may undertake any activity related to such 
corporate objects in the broadest sense, both for its own account and on behalf of third parties. A.  
Shareholdings, Corporate Administration and Management 
The shareholders of VWPFS are:  
60 per cent. by Volkswagen Finance Europe B.V; and  
40 per cent. by Pon Holdings B.V.  
The sole shareholder of Volkswagen Finance Europe B.V. is the Volkswagen Financial Services AG.  
The managing director of Volkswagen Finance Europe B.V. is Jozephine Anna de Rijk-van Leeuwen.  
The managing directors of VWPFS are Jeroen de Bock and Durk Stienstra.  
Origination and Securitisation Expertise 
As already set out under the section "Incorporation, Registered Office and Purpose" one of the main purposes 
of Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. for at least two decades has been the origination and underwriting 
of lease receivables of a similar nature to those securitised under this Programme. The members of its 
management body and the senior staff of Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. have adequate knowledge 
and skills in originating and underwriting lease receivables, similar to the lease receivables included in the 
Portfolio, gained through years of practice and continuing education. The members of the management body 
of Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. and Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V.'s senior staff have 
been appropriately involved within the governance structure of the functions of originating and underwriting 
of the Portfolio. Additionally, Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. has been securitising lease receivables 
actively since 2016 with this Transaction. The members of its management body and the senior staff 
responsible for the securitisation transaction of Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. have also 
professional experience in the securitisation of lease receivables. Other subsidiaries of Volkswagen AG have 
also been securitising lease receivables and loan receivables all across Europe, Australia, Brazil, Canada, 
Japan, China, Turkey and USA.

--- Page 126 ---
- 126 - 
BUSINESS PROCEDURES OF VOLKSWAGEN PON FINANCIAL SERVICES B.V. 
The normal business procedures of the Seller currently include the following: 
Underwriting 
General 
The basis of the credit decision is the statistical credit scoring model.  
The risk models have been developed on the basis of historic internal data. A scorecard gives an estimate of 
the risk relating to expected payment behavior on the basis of the characteristics of the application. The 
scorecard gives an insight into the credit risk entailed in accepting an application.  
The final scores are stored in the dossier, and translated into classes of Probability of Default (PD), which 
gives an indication of the chance that a customer will not meet his obligations in the coming year. 
Scoring class
Probability of default (12 months) 
1 
0.03% 
2 
0.08% 
3 
012% 
4 
0.19% 
5 
0.30% 
6 
0.46% 
7 
0.72% 
8 
1.13% 
9 
2.13% 
10 
3.17% 
11 
3.46% 
12 
6.92% 
13 
8.19% 
14 
16.41% 
15 
37.11% 
A low credit score (high probability of default) should be compensated by reducing the collateral risk, e.g.: a 
guarantee of the private person or parent company, a cash deposit and/or a down payment. Therefore local 
Risk management frequently reviews score class cut-offs and business rule triggers. The correct setting of 
those parameters ensures proper management of expected loss on the leasing portfolio (= risk).  
The purpose of the scorecard is not only to fulfil legal requirements, it also makes it easier/more objective to 
observe and understand the risk attached to operational leasing applications. It is a supporting tool for the 
CKB department, it standardizes the application process and increases reaction speed to the customer. It 
enables the analysts to concentrate on the more complex items that are parked by the system for manual 
evaluation.  
The weight of each variable in the scorecard is not disclosed internally to the CKB. The scorecard includes 
factors like: 
•  
internal payment history (if available)  
•  
industry sector  
•  
legal form  
•  
age of company  
• ` 
D&B scores (like failure score)  
The predictive power of the scorecard is validated at least annually. Risk Management is responsible for 
backtesting the scorecard by making use of the information provided in the different databases. 
Non risk relevant credit applications 
Applications by non-risk relevant customers will be evaluated by a custom made business ruling system, with 
automatic interfaces with external data providers and internal data. The system checks the application (after 
it is completed) and returns the system decision. Based on this specific competence levels are required for 
final decision. Credit acceptance policy, rating methodology, credit scoring models and competence levels

--- Page 127 ---
- 127 - 
are all laid down in official guidelines that conform to international standards of Volkswagen Financial Services 
AG. 
The basis of the credit decision is the statistical credit scoring model.  
The risk models have been developed on the basis of historic internal data. A scorecard gives an estimate of 
the risk relating to expected payment behavior on the basis of the characteristics of the application. The 
scorecard gives an insight into the credit risk entailed in accepting an application.  
The final scores are stored in the dossier, and translated into classes of Probability of Default (PD), which 
gives an indication of the chance that a customer will not meet his obligations in the coming year. 
Scoring class
Probability of default (12 months) 
1 
0.03% 
2 
0.08% 
3 
012% 
4 
0.19% 
5 
0.30% 
6 
0.46% 
7 
0.72% 
8 
1.13% 
9 
2.13% 
10 
3.17% 
11 
3.46% 
12 
6.92% 
13 
8.19% 
14 
16.41% 
15 
37.11% 
A low credit score (high probability of default) should be compensated by reducing the collateral risk, e.g.: a 
guarantee of the private person or parent company, a cash deposit and/or a down payment. Therefore local 
Risk management frequently reviews score class cut-offs and business rule triggers. The correct setting of 
those parameters ensures proper management of expected loss on the leasing portfolio (= risk).  
The purpose of the scorecard is not only to fulfil legal requirements, it also makes it easier/more objective to 
observe and understand the risk attached to operational leasing applications. It is a supporting tool for the 
CKB department, it standardizes the application process and increases reaction speed to the customer. It 
enables the analysts to concentrate on the more complex items that are parked by the system for manual 
evaluation.  
The weight of each variable in the scorecard is not disclosed internally to the CKB. The scorecard includes 
factors like: 
•  
internal payment history (if available)  
•  
industry sector  
•  
legal form  
•  
age of company  
• ` 
D&B scores (like failure score)  
The predictive power of the scorecard is validated at least annually. Risk Management is responsible for 
backtesting the scorecard by making use of the information provided in the different databases.

--- Page 128 ---
- 128 - 
- 127 –
Under the Servicing Agreement, the Purchased Vehicles and the associated Lease Receivables are to be 
administered and the Purchased Vehicles are to be realized on behalf of the Issuer according to the Servicer's 
customary practices in effect from time to time. 
The normal business procedures of the Servicer currently include the following: 
Collection of Lease Receivables and Arrears Management by VWPFS SSC Collections 
The Collections Department of Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. is responsible for the collection of all 
Lease Receivables owed to Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. Furthermore, this department is also 
responsible for all recovery activities. All lease instalments are invoiced to the clients on a monthly basis. The 
majority of the clients use 'direct debit' as method of payment of outstanding balances. Other clients initiate 
money transfers themselves to pay the outstanding balances. Whenever an outstanding payment is due the 
collection department will take action, in order to collect the outstanding balances. The collection managers 
proactively monitor the portfolio in order to avoid any (lengthy) disputes with regard to outstanding invoices. 
All collection activities are supported by and documented in the collection tool 'On Guard'. In this system 
VWPFS has set several kinds of profiles describing in detail per profile which steps are required to collect the 
debt. The profile of the client obtained in On Guard is related to the contract details obtained in the credit 
approval process. The profiles in On Guard determine the activities and the timelines. A detailed workflow 
diagram can be found below in the figure.
In line with the process flow above, in case the outstanding balance cannot be collected within the time of the 
defined profile or the client is in default, it will be assigned to default status in the credit management system.
A default shall be considered to have occurred with regard to a specific obligor when either or both of the 
following has taken place:
A)
Unlikely to pay: VWPFS considers that the obligor is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to 
VWPFS, without recourse by VWPFS to actions such as realizing security; 
B) 
90 days past due: the obligor is past due more than 90 days on any material credit obligation 
to VWPFS. 
Elements taken by VWPFS as indications of unlikeliness to pay include but are not limited to:
– 
Petition or declaration of bankruptcy. 
Intensified Debt  Collection 
(IDC) 
Distressed Debt Collection 
(DDC) 
Pre Debt Collection 
(PDC) 
•
Termination
•
Legal Action
•
Insolvency
•
Winding up
•
Restructuring
•
Residual Value debt
•
Collection Call
•
Dunning 
Process
•
Customer visits
•
Special Payment 
Agreement (SPA)
•
Rescheduling  
(RES)
•
Novation
•
(Invoice) with pre-
notification 
days past due
3
da
da
1
30
60
PRE DEBT COLLECTION 
(PDC)
DEBT COLLECTION
INTENSIVE CARE
WORK-OUT

--- Page 129 ---
- 129 - 
–  
Distressed restructuring.  
–  
Cancellation of the contract (e.g. due to fraud).  
–  
Sale of exposure with a loss.  
This default definition is consistent for all customers (corporate/retail/private) and are in line with international 
guidelines from VWFS AG. 
The default process is initiated by the team referred to as 'Doubtful Debtors' by sending a notification to 
different departments within VWPFS (including management) when a client or legal entity has been declared 
bankrupt or granted a moratorium of payments (surseance). Several actions are initiated such as:  
(A) blocking credit lines; 
(B) termination of fuel cards, repairs and maintenance; and/or 
(C) blocking of credit invoices.  
If the client continues to fail settlement of the outstanding balance, VWPFS will decide to terminate the 
contracts and repossess the leased vehicle, as applicable. The costs related to the early termination of the 
contracts will be invoiced to the lessee. A lessee can also be defined as being in 'dispute'. A dispute can be 
identified at any stage in the process above. Once identified, a dispute is removed from the normal collections 
activity cycle and dealt with according to complaints handling/resolution process. Predefined complaints 
handling/resolution processes are used to resolve disputes. 
The complaints handling/resolution processes focus on:  
(A) identifying the specific complaint through communication with the client; 
(B) discussing the complaint with other departments (Account Management, Collections, information 
Technology etc.); 
General arrears Management 
General arrears 
management 
Phone collection & 
communication 
Outsourcing to 
collection agency 
for max. 30 days 
Customer not 
traceable? 
Outsourcing to 
Research agency 
From “Mutual Agreement status” on debtor level until the mailing of the formal notice letter. 
(due date until +/- 70 days) 
Special arrears Management 
From the shipment of formal notice to the litigation request.  
(due date +91 days and other defaults) 
Special arrears 
management 
Repeated phone 
collection and 
communication 
with Sales 
Relationship 
Involving Sales for 
last effort before 
T&R 
Termination & 
Repossession 
Arranging a 
payment 
settlement for last 
outstanding 
amount

--- Page 130 ---
- 130 - 
(C) assessing the validity of the complaint; 
(D) if the complaint is valid, proposing and implementing corrective actions; and/or 
(E) collecting the outstanding amount.  
Provisions are recorded and relate to the total balance of the receivables outstanding (excluding VAT) and 
increased by expected loss on vehicles (average difference between the market value and book value of the 
vehicle). Provisions related to doubtful debtors are reported on a monthly basis.  
Residual Value  
Setting the residual value is the responsibility of the Residual Value Committee. For each car type, the 
marketability class (ranging from 1 to 20) is determined. Each marketability class corresponds to a 
depreciation table, categorized by fuel type, for passenger cars (PC) and light commercial vehicles (LCV). 
The appropriate residual value is determined based on the annual mileage and contract duration. Additional 
options can positively impact the car's residual value. In certain cases, adjustments may be applicable on an 
individual basis (e.g., heavy use). 
The residual value can change during the life of a Lease Agreement due to alterations in contractual 
conditions. These changes may result from events specified in the lease agreement, such as variations in 
vehicle usage (e.g., mileage) or adjustments to the lease term (e.g., extensions or shortening). In such cases, 
both the lease installment and the estimated residual value of the leased vehicle are recalculated. 
The residual value for each leased vehicle is calculated when the corresponding Lease Agreement is offered 
to a client, prior to the start of the contract. At this stage, VWPFS estimates the market value that the vehicle 
will have at the end of the Lease Agreement. The residual value of a leased vehicle is fundamental in 
establishing the lease receivables. 
VWPFS calculates the residual value of each vehicle based on:  
(A)  
quantitative sales information (e.g. historical realized sales proceeds); 
(B)  
quantitative market information (e.g. macroeconomic projections for the Residual Value-market using 
several indicators); and, 
Litigation Recovery 
Litigation 
Recovery 
Phone collection 
and 
communication 
without Sales 
relationship
Termination and/ 
or repossession 
Collection by 
court order 
From the litigation request until the legal proceedings are initiated.  
(due date until ± 91 days and other defaults) 
Write off/ 
recollection 
Write off 
Write off 
Customer has an 
outstanding amount 
after ending legal 
procedures of special 
arrears mgmt 
No other legal 
procedures can be 
taken to minimize 
losses 
Write off 
From the ending of Special arrears and/of Litigation recovery process. 
(due date + 91 days and other defaults)

--- Page 131 ---
- 131 - 
(C) 
qualitative market information (expectations for new vehicle markets and Residual Value market 
expectations); taking into account, among other variables, the terms and conditions of the agreement 
(mileage, lease term etc.).  
Leased Vehicles Sales Procedures  
At the end of the Lease Agreement the Leased Vehicle will be returned by the Lessee (except in cases where 
the Leased Vehicle is sold to the Lessee or to the Lessee's driver-employee). When the leased vehicle is 
returned, an intake document confirming receipt is usually completed with the driver on-site. The intake 
process is either managed by an external expert company or through inspections conducted at remarketing 
in Zwolle. The vehicle must be returned in perfect condition except for normal wear and tear. The customer 
must also return the two sets of keys (if applicable) and all the vehicle documents handed over at the start of 
the Lease (e.g. vehicle registration documents but also the service manual). The intake-document will show 
(a) if the vehicle has any damage and (b) the kilometers shown on odometer on the return date. The intake-
document will also reflect the documents and elements delivered with the vehicle as indicated in the previous 
paragraph. If the intake-document and/or the subsequent expert report state that the Leased Vehicle has 
damage not related to normal wear and tear or the customer has not returned all the documents and elements 
handed over at the start of the Lease, VWPFS is authorized to charge the amount of the damage and the 
costs of replacement of the lost documentation or elements to the customer. When the state of the Leased 
Vehicle has been assessed, it will be remarketed through the VWPFS sales channels (auction, export, private 
customers, etc.).  
A Leased Vehicle is considered to be in stock from the date on which the customer, who subscribed the Lease 
Agreement, proceeds to return it up to the date when it is sold by VWPFS and paid by the buyer. The average 
current permanence of vehicles in stock is 20 days. 
Internal Audit  
Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. uses a system for measuring, monitoring and controlling its risk 
positions, which is documented and refined on an ongoing basis by means of guidelines. The suitability of 
individual system elements is reviewed regularly in a risk-oriented manner by the Internal Audit Department 
of Volkswagen Financial Services AG / Internal Audit Department Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. 
and by external auditors as part of the audit of the annual financial statements. On behalf of the Board of 
Management of Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. and taking due account of regulatory requirements, 
internal audit at Volkswagen Financial Services AG / Internal Audit Department Volkswagen Pon Financial 
Services B.V. independently and in a risk oriented manner audits the operational and business procedures 
of Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. This activity is based on an annual audit plan, which is drawn up 
on the basis of the legal requirements in a risk-oriented manner. Internal Audit of Volkswagen Financial 
Services AG / Internal Audit of Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. informs the Board of Management 
of Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. of the result of the audits carried out by submitting audit reports. 
Implementation of the measures and recommendations agreed in the audit reports is monitored by the Internal 
Audit Department of Volkswagen Financial Services AG / Internal Audit Department of Volkswagen Pon 
Financial Services B.V.  
Auditors  
EY Accountants B.V., Antonio Vivaldistraat 150, 1083 HP Amsterdam, The Netherlands is the independent 
auditor of Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. The independent auditor signing the auditor's report on 
behalf of EY Accountants B.V. is a member of the NBA (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van 
Accountants - the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants).

--- Page 132 ---
- 132 - 
RATINGS 
The Class A Notes are expected to be rated AAA (sf) by Morningstar DBRS and Aaa (sf) by Moody's. 
The Class B Notes are not rated. 
The rating of "Aaasf" is the highest rating Moody's assigns to long term debts and "AAA(sf)" is the highest 
rating that Morningstar DBRS assigns to long term debts. The suffix "sf" denotes an issue that is a structured 
finance transaction. 
The rating of the Class A Notes addresses the ultimate payment of principal and timely payment of scheduled 
interest according to the Conditions. The rating takes into consideration the characteristics of the Lease 
Receivables and Purchased Vehicles and the structural, legal, tax and Issuer-related aspects associated with 
the Class A Notes.  
The ratings assigned to the Class A Notes should be evaluated independently from similar ratings on other 
types of securities. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to revision or withdrawal by the Rating Agencies at any time. In the event that the ratings initially assigned to 
any Series of the Class A Notes by the Rating Agencies are subsequently withdrawn or lowered for any 
reason, no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional support or credit enhancement with respect to 
such Series of Class A Notes. 
The Issuer has not requested a rating of the Class A Notes by any rating agency other than the Rating 
Agencies; there can be no assurance, however, as to whether any other rating agency will rate the Notes or, 
if it does, what rating would be assigned by such other rating agency. The rating assigned to the Class A 
Notes by such other rating agency could be lower than the respective ratings assigned by the Rating 
Agencies. 
References to ratings of Morningstar DBRS and Moody's in this Base Prospectus shall refer to 
www.dbrs.morningstar.com and www.moodys.com respectively.

--- Page 133 ---
- 133 - 
THE ISSUER 
1. 
General 
The Issuer, a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte 
aansprakelijkheid), was incorporated as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of issuing asset 
backed securities under the laws of The Netherlands on 3 March 2016. The official seat (statutaire 
zetel) of the Issuer is in Amsterdam, The Netherlands and its registered office is at Basisweg 10, 
1043 AP Amsterdam, The Netherlands and its telephone number is +31 (0)20 521 4777. The Issuer 
is registered with the Trade Register under number 65490916. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is: 529900HPHD9YZZ504R69. 
The Issuer has the corporate power and capacity to issue the Notes, to acquire the relevant Leased 
Vehicles and the associated Lease Receivables and to enter into and perform the obligations under 
the Programme Documents. 
Further information on the Programme, including this Base Prospectus, can be obtained on the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://cm.intertrustgroup.com/en/default/offering_circulars/results#Volkswagen), whereby it should 
be noted that the information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
2. 
Corporate purpose of the Issuer 
The objectives of the Issuer are (a) to hire purchase, acquire, purchase, manage, dispose of and 
encumber and enter into lease agreements with respect to vehicles, transport-related assets and 
receivables arising under lease agreements entered into by third parties and to exercise all rights 
connected to such vehicles, transport-related assets and receivables, (b) to raise funds through, inter 
alia, the issuance of debt instruments, granting participations or by entering into loan agreements for 
the acquisition of vehicles, transport-related assets and receivables mentioned under (a) and to enter 
into agreements in connection herewith, (c) to invest (amongst others by lending) any funds held by 
the company, (d) to hedge interest rate and other financial risk amongst others by entering into 
derivative agreements, including swap agreements and option agreements, (e) to enter into 
agreements, including, but not limited to, bank account, securities and cash administration 
agreements, servicing agreements and agreements creating security (for the company's obligations 
and debts) or guarantees or to otherwise performance jointly and severally on behalf of others, in 
connection with the objects mentioned under (a) up to and including (d) above and (f) if incidental to 
the foregoing (i) to borrow, amongst others to repay the obligations under any debt instruments, 
participations and loan agreements mentioned under (b), and (ii) to grant property and personal 
security (goederenrechtelijke en persoonlijke zekerheden), or to release security rights granted to it 
by third parties, the foregoing whether or not in collaboration with third parties and inclusive of the 
performance and promotion of all activities which directly and indirectly relate to those objects, all 
this in the broadest sense of the words. 
The Issuer was established for the limited purposes of the issue of the Notes, the acquisition of 
leased vehicles together with any associated lease receivables and rights and claims relating to the 
relevant lease agreements and certain related transactions described elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. The Issuer operates under the laws of The Netherlands, provided that it may enter into 
contracts which are governed by the laws of another jurisdiction than The Netherlands. 
3. 
Business Activity 
The Issuer has carried on business or activities that are incidental to its incorporation, which include 
the entering into certain transactions prior to the Closing Date with respect to the securitisation 
transaction contemplated herein and the issuance of the Notes. 
In respect of the Programme, the principal activities of the Issuer have been (i) the issuance of the 
Notes, (ii) the granting of the Security, (iii) the entering into the Subordinated Loan Agreement, (iv) 
the entering into the Swap Agreements and all other Programme Documents to which it is a party,

--- Page 134 ---
- 134 - 
(v) the opening of the Distribution Account, the Accumulation Account and the Cash Collateral 
Account and (vi) the exercise of related rights and powers and other activities reasonably incidental 
thereto. 
4. 
Corporate Administration and Management 
The sole managing director of each of the Issuer and the Foundation is Intertrust Management B.V. 
Intertrust Management B.V. has elected domicile at the registered office of the Issuer at Basisweg 
10, 1043 AP Amsterdam, The Netherlands, telephone number +31 20 5214777. The managing 
directors of Intertrust Management B.V. are Edwin Marinus van Ankeren, Berend Gerrit Dinkla – 
Vente and Kristina Adamovich - van Doorn. The objectives of Intertrust Management B.V. are (a) 
advising of and mediation by financial and related transactions, (b) finance company, and (c) 
management of legal entities. 
Each of the managing directors confirms that there is no conflict of interest between his or her duties 
as a director of the Issuer and his or her principal and/or other activities outside the Issuer. 
Each of the managing directors further confirms that they do not perform any principal activities 
outside the Issuer which are significant with respect to the Issuer. 
Intertrust Management B.V. belongs to the same group of companies as (i) Amsterdamsch Trustee's 
Kantoor B.V., being the sole managing director of the Security Trustee and the Data Protection 
Trustee. Therefore, a conflict of interest may arise. In this respect it is of note that in the Management 
Agreements entered into by each of the Directors with the entity of which it has been appointed as 
managing director (bestuurder), each of the Directors agrees and undertakes to, inter alia, (i) do all 
that an adequate managing director (bestuurder) should do or should refrain from doing, and (ii) 
refrain from taking any action detrimental to the obligations of the relevant entity under any of the 
Programme Documents. 
In addition each of the Directors agrees in the relevant Management Agreement that it will procure 
that the relevant entity will not enter into any agreement in relation to the Issuer and/or the Foundation 
and/or the Security Trustee other than the Programme Documents to which it is a party, without the 
prior written consent of the Security Trustee. 
Pursuant to the Issuer Management Agreement and the Foundation Management Agreement, the 
Issuer Director and the Foundation Director will, in addition to acting as managing director 
(bestuurder), provide certain management and administration services to the Issuer and the 
foundation, respectively, which consist of, inter alia:  
(a) 
assisting the auditors of the Issuer and provide such information to them as they may 
reasonably request for the purpose of carrying out their duties as auditors; and 
(b) 
making all filings, give all notices and make all registrations and other notifications required 
in the day-to-day operation of the business of the Issuer or required to be given by the Issuer 
pursuant to the relevant Programme Documents and by law. 
5. 
Capital, Shares and Shareholder 
The Issuer has an authorised share capital of EUR 1.00 (one Euro), which has been fully issued and 
fully paid. The annual minimum taxable profit, being an amount equal to the higher of (a) 10% of the 
annual management fee that will be charged by the Issuer Director for acting as director of the Issuer, 
and (b) EUR 2,500 (the "Issuer Profit Amount") will be deposited in the Distribution Account on a 
Payment Date in each calendar year on which the Notes are outstanding. Any amount standing to 
the credit of the Distribution Account may be applied by the Issuer to pay any corporate income tax 
payable to the Dutch tax authorities (Belastingdienst). 
All shares of the Issuer are held by the Foundation. The Foundation is a foundation (stichting) 
incorporated under the laws of The Netherlands on 3 March 2016. The Foundation is registered with 
the Trade Register under number 65487982. The objects of the Foundation are, inter alia, to acquire 
and hold shares in the share capital of the Issuer and to exercise all rights attached to such shares,

--- Page 135 ---
- 135 - 
to dispose of and encumber such shares. Pursuant to the articles of association of the Foundation 
an amendment of the articles of association of the Foundation requires the prior written consent of 
the Security Trustee. Moreover, the Foundation Director shall only be authorised to dissolve the 
Foundation after (i) receiving the prior written consent of the Security Trustee and (ii) the Issuer has 
been fully discharged for all its obligations by virtue of the Programme Documents. 
6. 
Indebtedness 
The Issuer has no material indebtedness, contingent liabilities and/or guarantees as at the date of 
the Base Prospectus, other than that which the Issuer has incurred or shall incur in relation to the 
transactions described in the Base Prospectus. 
7. 
Subsidiaries 
The Issuer has no subsidiaries or Affiliates. 
8. 
Name of the Issuer's Financial Auditor 
The financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2023 have been audited by Ernst & Young Accountants LLP, who has issued unqualified 
independent auditor’s report thereon. Ernst & Young Accountants LLP was succeeded by EY 
Accountants B.V. as independent auditor of the Issuer as from 29 June 2024. EY Accountants B.V. 
is an independent registered audit firm, whose principal place of business is at Boompjes 258, 3011 
XZ Rotterdam and is registered at the Chamber of Commerce of Rotterdam in The Netherlands under 
number 92704093. The office address of the independent auditor signing the independent auditor's 
report on behalf of EY Accountants B.V. is Antonio Vivaldistraat 150, 1083 HP Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands. 
The independent auditor signing the auditor's report on behalf of EY Accountants B.V. is a member 
of the NBA (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants - the Royal Netherlands 
Institute of Chartered Accountants). 
9. 
Financial Statements 
Audited financial statements will be published by the Issuer on an annual basis. 
The business year of the Issuer extends from 1 January to 31 December of each year. The first 
business year began on 3 March 2016 (date of incorporation) and ended on 31 December 2016.   
The Issuer's audited financial statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2023, have been prepared in accordance with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
The financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2023 are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. See "DOCUMENTS 
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE". 
10. 
Act on the Financial Supervision 
The Issuer is not subject to any licence requirement under article 2:11 of the DFSA, as amended 
from time to time, due to the fact that the Notes will be offered and issued in the denomination of 
EUR 100,000 and therefore solely to professional market parties (professionele marktpartijen) (within 
the meaning of article 1.1 of the DFSA, as amended from time to time) which, under the current 
interpretation of the Dutch legislator (subject to further guidance at EU level) do not qualify as 
members of the "public" within the meaning of the article 4(1) Capital Requirements Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 575/2013) and the rules promulgated thereunder, as amended or any subsequent 
legislation replacing that regulation. 
11. 
Audit Committee
The Issuer has not instituted an audit committee, because it benefits from an exemption as stated in 
Article 3 paragraph d of the Dutch Decree of 26 July 2008 implementing Article 41 of Directive

--- Page 136 ---
- 136 - 
2006/43/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 17 May 2006 on statutory audits of 
financial statements and consolidated financial statements. There is no reason to institute such a 
committee because the Issuer believes that the Issuer's noteholders, being the only material creditors 
of the Issuer, will be adequately informed in respect of their risks through the mechanisms set out in 
this Base Prospectus. 
12. 
Inspection of Documents 
The following documents (or copies thereof) will remain publicly available for the longer of the life of 
the Notes or at least ten years after listing:  
(a) 
the deed of incorporation and the articles of association of the Issuer and the Foundation;  
(b) 
resolutions of the board of directors of the Issuer and the Foundation approving the issue of 
the Notes, the issue of the Base Prospectus and the Programme as a whole including the 
first update of the Programme; 
(c) 
the Base Prospectus, the Master Definitions Schedule and all the Programme Documents 
referred in this Base Prospectus; and 
(d) 
the historical financial information of the Issuer, for the years ending in December 2022 and 
December 2023,  
and may be inspected at the Issuer's registered office at Basisweg 10, 1043 AP Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands or made available upon request by means of electronic distribution.  
The articles of association of the Issuer may also be inspected on the website of the Issuer 
(https://cm.intertrustgroup.com/en/default/articles-of-association/results#Volkswagen) 
and 
the 
historical financial information for the years ending in December 2022 and December 2023 may also 
be 
inspected 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://cm.intertrustgroup.com/en/default/offering_circulars/results#Volkswagen). 
The Notes will be obligations of the Issuer and will not be guaranteed by, or be the responsibility of the Seller, 
Volkswagen AG or any other person or entity. It should be noted, in particular, that the Notes will not be 
obligations of, and will not be guaranteed by the Seller, the Servicer (if different), the Maintenance 
Coordinator, the Cash Administrator, the Interest Determination Agent, the Data Protection Trustee, the 
Security Trustee, the Lead Manager, the Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates, the Subordinated 
Lender, the Account Bank, the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Swap 
Counterparties, any Director or any other party described under this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 137 ---
- 137 - 
CASH MANAGEMENT, ADMINISTRATION AND ACCOUNTS 
Account Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of the account agreement (the "Account Agreement") entered into on the Signing 
Date by and between the Account Bank, the Issuer and the Security Trustee, the Issuer will maintain the 
Accounts with the Account Bank. The Account Bank is required to have at least the Account Bank Required 
Ratings. If the Account Bank ceases to have the Account Bank Required Ratings (or its obligations under the 
Account Agreement cease to be guaranteed by an entity with the Account Bank Required Ratings), and an 
Eligible Collateral Bank is willing to accept deposits from the Issuer on similar terms as set out in the Account 
Agreement, then the Account Agreement will (with the prior written consent of the Security Trustee) be 
terminated by the Issuer (or the Cash Administrator on its behalf). 
Pursuant to the Account Agreement the Cash Administrator will provide certain cash management and bank 
account operation services in respect of the Portfolio to the Issuer. These services in respect of the 
transactions contemplated by the Programme Documents include but are not limited to: 
(a) 
operating the Accounts and ensure that payments are made into and from the Accounts in 
accordance with the Account Agreement, the Trust Agreement, the Security Documents, the 
Servicing Agreement and any other relevant Programme Documents; 
(b) 
administering each Order of Priority including calculating amounts payable by the Issuer, including 
the Available Distribution Amount, and providing the reports relating thereto on each Calculation 
Date; 
(c) 
on behalf of the Issuer calculating and determining amounts required to be drawn or repaid by the 
Issuer in respect of the Subordinated Loan Advances outstanding under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, drawing and arranging for repayment of all Subordinated Loan Advances in accordance 
with the terms of the Subordinated Loan Facility; 
(d) 
on behalf of the Issuer calculating and determining amounts required to be drawn or repaid by the 
Issuer in respect of the Maintenance Reserve Advances and the Buffer Release Reserve, as 
applicable, in accordance with the terms of the Reserve Funding Agreement; 
(e) 
on behalf of the Issuer calculating and determining amounts required to be advanced to each Issuer 
Facility Borrower pursuant to the Issuer Facility Agreement and arranging for repayment of any and 
all required amounts by each Issuer Facility Borrower in accordance with the terms of the Issuer 
Facility Agreement; 
(f) 
arranging for, and determining the amount of, all payments due to be made by the Issuer under the 
Notes and/or any of the relevant Programme Documents (including under the Order of Priority). 
The services under the Account Agreement are subject to the amounts which are payable by the Cash 
Administrator on behalf of the Issuer and being available to the Issuer and do not constitute a guarantee by 
the Cash Administrator of all or any of the obligations of the Issuer under any of the Programme Documents. 
The Account Agreement provides that in the event of any termination (a) the Account Bank shall assist the 
other parties thereto to effect an orderly transition of the banking arrangements documented hereby at its own 
cost and expense and (b) the parties to the Account Agreement or any of them shall notify each Rating Agency 
of such termination and of the identity of the successor Account Bank. 
The Account Agreement is governed by German law. 
Distribution Account 
On or prior to the Closing Date, the Issuer will open a distribution account (the "Distribution Account") into 
which, inter alia, all amounts received by the Issuer (i) in respect of the Lease Agreements and (ii) from the 
sale of the Purchased Vehicles will be paid. The Cash Administrator will identify all amounts paid into the 
Distribution Account.

--- Page 138 ---
- 138 - 
In the Account Agreement, the Account Bank agrees to pay interest on the moneys standing to the credit of 
the Distribution Account at a specified rate of interest determined in accordance with the Account Agreement. 
Cash Collateral Account, Buffer Release Reserve Ledger and Maintenance Reserve Ledger 
An amount of EUR 2,288,400 (1.20 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Initial Notes issued as of the 
Closing Date) serves as the initial Cash Collateral Amount. On each Further Issue Date, such amount will be 
increased (i) during the Revolving Period, to an amount equal to 1.35 per cent. of the aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of all Notes after application of the applicable Order of Priority on the Further Issue Date, 
and (ii) after the Revolving Period, to the lesser of (a) the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance 
as of the last Payment Date of the Revolving Period, and (b) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of 
the Notes after application of the applicable Order of Priority on the preceding Payment Date. 
The Issuer has agreed to keep that Cash Collateral Account at all times with a bank that has the Account 
Bank Required Ratings. In the event that the Cash Collateral Account Bank ceases to have the Account Bank 
Required Ratings, the Issuer shall within sixty (60) calendar days (i) procure transfer of the accounts held 
with it to an Eligible Collateral Bank which is to be appointed by the Issuer once selected by the Account 
Bank, or (ii) find an irrevocable and unconditional guarantor providing the guarantee from an entity with 
Account Bank Required Rating, or (iii) take any other action in order to maintain the rating of the Notes or to 
restore the rating of the Notes. 
Prior to the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, on each Payment Date, after the payment of interest on the 
Notes and certain other amounts payable by the Issuer, any remaining portion of the Available Distribution 
Amount will be deposited in the respective Cash Collateral Account until the Cash Collateral Amount on 
deposit in the Cash Collateral Account equals the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance. 
On each Payment Date prior to the occurrence of a Enforcement Event, after the payment of interest on the 
Notes and certain other amounts payable by the Issuer, the Available Distribution Amount remaining after 
item sixth of the Order of Priority will be credited to the Cash Collateral Account pursuant to item seventh of 
the Order of Priority until the Cash Collateral Amount is equal to the Specified General Cash Collateral 
Account Balance. On each Payment Date after the amounts standing to the credit of the Buffer Release 
Reserve Ledger have either been reduced to zero or no funding of the Buffer Release Reserve has been 
made so far, the Cash Collateral Amount shall be used to (i) cover any shortfalls in the amounts payable 
under the first to sixth items (inclusive) of the Order of Priority in clause 16.2(a) of the Trust Agreement, (ii) 
pay the amounts due and payable under clause 16.2(b) of the Trust Agreement and (iii) pay on the latest 
occurring Final Maturity Date of any Series of Notes all amounts payable pursuant to clause 16.2(a), also 
including the eighth, ninth, eleventh and twelfth items of the Order of Priority in clause 16.2(a) of the Trust 
Agreement.Upon full and final discharge of all obligations under the Notes and the Subordinated Loan and 
upon fulfilment of all claims of all Programme Creditors, the Seller shall be entitled to the sums remaining in 
the Cash Collateral Account (including any amounts standing to the credit of the Maintenance Reserve Ledger 
and the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger). All interest accrued on the Cash Collateral Account shall be 
segregated and shall pro rata be paid to the Seller on an annual basis on the Payment Date falling in 
September of each calendar year. 
The Cash Collateral Account will contain a Maintenance Reserve Ledger in which the Maintenance Reserve 
will be administered. The Maintenance Reserve serves to provide credit enhancement to cover potential 
Maintenance Costs relating to any associated Lease Agreement. The purpose of the Maintenance Reserve 
is to ensure that the Issuer will continue to be able to pay any amounts to be paid to third party garages and 
service providers (including any VAT thereon) for the provision of the Maintenance Services in relation to the 
Purchased Vehicles including any costs relating to an amendment of the vehicle registration 
(kentekenbewijzen) of the Purchased Vehicles and any insurance costs (collectively, "Maintenance Costs") 
relating to the Lease Agreements if and to the extent Maintenance Costs will not be paid by the Maintenance 
Coordinator.  
If and to the extent the Seller in its capacity as Maintenance Coordinator does not cover any Maintenance 
Costs, an amount equal to such unpaid Maintenance Costs, if and to the extent standing to the credit of the 
Maintenance Reserve Ledger, will form part of the Available Distribution Amount and will, subject to and in 
accordance with the relevant Order of Priority, be applied towards payment of such Maintenance Costs. If 
and to the extent the Maintenance Reserve Amount will be applied towards the payment of any Maintenance

--- Page 139 ---
- 139 - 
Costs which are not settled by the Servicer, a corresponding amount shall be debited from the Maintenance 
Reserve Ledger. 
Furthermore, the Cash Collateral Account will contain a Buffer Release Reserve Ledger in which the Buffer 
Release Reserve will be administered. The Buffer Release Reserve serves to provide credit enhancement to 
cover any payments to be made pursuant to items first to sixth of the Order of Priority, as set out in clause 
16.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. The purpose of the Buffer Release Reserve is to ensure 
that the Issuer will continue to be able to make any payments pursuant to items first to sixth of the Order of 
Priority, as set out in clause 16.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement, if and to the extent the Available 
Distribution Amount is not sufficient to cover payments to be made pursuant to items first to sixth of the Order 
of Priority, as set out in clause 16.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement on any Payment Date. 
If and to the extent the Available Distribution Amount is not sufficient to cover the items first to sixth of the 
Order of Priority, as set out in clause 16.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement, an amount equal to 
any negative difference between the Available Distribution Amount and the payments to be made pursuant 
to items first to sixth of the Order of Priority, as set out in clause 16.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust 
Agreement, if and to the extent standing to the credit of the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger, will form part of 
the Available Distribution Amount and will, subject to and in accordance with the relevant Order of Priority, be 
applied towards payment of items first to sixth of the Order of Priority, as set out in clause 16.2(a) (Order of 
Priority) of the Trust Agreement. For the sake of clarification, if and to the extent the Buffer Release Reserve 
has been funded, amounts standing to the credit of the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger shall be used to cover 
any shortfalls in the amounts payable under the first to sixth items (inclusive) of the Order of Priority prior to 
the use of the Cash Collateral Amount. Following the service of an Enforcement Notice, distributions will be 
made by the Security Trustee from the Available Distribution Amount and from any amounts standing to the 
credit of the Cash Collateral Account, and according to the applicable Order of Priority. 
On each Payment Date, any amount of the Cash Collateral Amount in excess of the Specified General Cash 
Collateral Account Balance for that Payment Date, provided that no Credit Enhancement Increase Condition 
is in effect, will be released for payment to the Subordinated Lender of the Subordinated and thereafter to the 
Seller as a final success fee. 
Accumulation Account 
The Accumulation Account shall be used on each Payment Date to collect moneys paid under items eighth
and ninth of the Order of Priority set out in clause 16.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement to fund 
Additional Issuer Advances under the Issuer Facility Agreement at any time after such Payment Date. During 
the Revolving Period, amounts on deposit in the Accumulation Account may be used by the Issuer for funding 
of Additional Issuer Advances. 
Upon the occurrence (and continuation) of a Seller Event of Default, the Accumulation Account shall be closed 
on the subsequent Payment Date and any amounts on deposit in the Accumulation Account shall be 
transferred on the subsequent Payment Date to the Distribution Account. 
Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account 
The Cash Administrator shall, on behalf of the Issuer, on each Payment Date, subject to and in accordance 
with the applicable Swap Agreement, (i) collect any Swap Collateral due by the Swap Counterparty to the 
Issuer and credit the same to the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account, and (ii) (a) pay or transfer any 
Swap Collateral due to be returned by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty outside of the Order of Priority 
and debit the same from the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account or (b) to the extent an amount is 
due and payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement in the case of early 
termination of the Swap Agreement, debit such amount from the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account 
for addition to the Available Distribution Amounts as Net Swap Receipts. 
Save as the Issuer may otherwise instruct, all financial movements with respect to the Counterparty 
Downgrade Collateral Account shall be processed exclusively by the Cash Administrator (acting on behalf of 
the Issuer). 
As soon as reasonably practicable after becoming aware of the same, the Cash Administrator shall withdraw 
Swap Collateral from the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account if, and to the extent that, such Swap

--- Page 140 ---
- 140 - 
Collateral was credited thereto in error and shall use its reasonable endeavours to ensure that such collateral 
is applied correctly thereafter.

--- Page 141 ---
- 141 - 
ACCOUNT BANK, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, INTEREST DETERMINATION AGENT, CALCULATION 
AGENT AND REGISTRAR 
This description of the Account Bank, Principal Paying Agent, Interest Determination Agent, Calculation Agent 
and Registrar does not purport to be a summary of, and is therefore subject to, and qualified in its entirety by 
reference to, the detailed provisions of the Account Agreement, the Agency Agreement and the other 
Programme Documents. 
U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust is a trading name under which a number of U.S. Bancorp group companies, 
including U.S. Bank Europe DAC provide corporate trust services on a worldwide basis. Regulated banking 
services provided by U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust in Europe  are contracted through the  head office of 
U.S. Bank Europe DAC in Dublin or through its UK Branch from its offices in London at 125 Old Broad Street, 
London EC2N 1AR, United Kingdom according to applicable regulatory requirements. 
U.S. Bank Europe DAC, formerly known as Elavon Financial Services DAC, is a bank incorporated in Ireland 
and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of U.S. Bank National Association. U.S. Bank Europe DAC is 
regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland. and the activities of its UK Branch are authorised by the Central 
Bank of Ireland and the Prudential Regulation Authority and subject to limited regulation by the Financial 
Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority. Details about the extent of the UK Branch’s 
authorisation and regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority, and regulation by the Financial Conduct 
Authority, are available on request. 
In the United States, U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust provides trust services through U.S. Bank Trust 
Company, National Association and deposit and custody services through U.S. Bank National Association, 
both of which are banks regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and in combination with 
its European operations  is one of the world's largest providers of trustee services with more than USD4 trillion 
in assets under administration in municipal, corporate, asset-backed and international bonds; providing a 
wide range of trust and agency services such as calculation/paying agent, collateral administration and 
document custody through its network of more than 50 U.S.-based offices and European offices in London 
and Dublin. 
U.S. Bancorp (NYSE: USB) is the parent company of U.S. Bank National Association, the fifth largest 
commercial bank in the United States. Visit U.S. Bancorp on the web at www.usbank.com.   
To the best knowledge and belief of the Issuer, the above information about the Account Bank, Principal 
Paying Agent, Interest Determination Agent, Calculation Agent and Registrar has been accurately 
reproduced. The Issuer is able to ascertain from such information published by the Account Bank, Principal 
Paying Agent, Interest Determination Agent, Calculation Agent and Registrar that no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. U.S. Bank Europe DAC is not 
affiliated to the Seller.

--- Page 142 ---
- 142 - 
CASH ADMINISTRATOR 
This description of the Cash Administrator does not purport to be a summary of, and is therefore subject to, 
and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the detailed provisions of the Account Agreement and the other 
Programme Documents. 
U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust Limited is a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of England 
and Wales with its registered office at 125 Old Broad Street, Fifth Floor, London, EC2N 1AR, United Kingdom. 
U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust Limited is a U.S. Bancorp group company that is dedicated to the provision 
of agency services in Europe as part of U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust. Together with U.S. Bank Europe 
DAC (the legal entity through which U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust provides regulated banking services 
in Europe), U.S. Bank Trustees Limited (the legal entity through which U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust 
primarily provides trustee and other fiduciary services in Europe) and U.S. Bank, National Association and 
U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (the legal entities through which the U.S. Bank Global 
Corporate Trust primarily conducts business in the United States), U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust is one 
of the world's largest providers of trustee services with more than USD4 trillion in assets under administration 
in municipal, corporate, asset-backed and international bonds; providing a wide range of trust and agency 
services such as calculation/paying agent, collateral administration and document custody through its network 
of more than 50 U.S.-based offices and European offices in London and Dublin. 
U.S. Bancorp (NYSE: USB) is the parent company of U.S. Bank National Association, the fifth largest 
commercial bank in the United States. Visit U.S. Bancorp on the web at www.usbank.com.   
To the best knowledge and belief of the Issuer, the above information about the Cash Administrator has been 
accurately reproduced. The Issuer is able to ascertain from such information published by the Cash 
Administrator that no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust Limited is not affiliated to the Seller.

--- Page 143 ---
- 143 - 
SECURITY TRUSTEE 
Stichting Security Trustee VCL Master Netherlands (the "Security Trustee") is a foundation (stichting) 
established under the laws of The Netherlands on 24 May 2016. It has its official seat (statutaire zetel) in 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands and its registered office at Basisweg 10, 1043 AP Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands. The Security Trustee is registered with the Trade Register under number 66086302. The objects 
of the Security Trustee are (a) to act as agent and/or trustee of the Noteholders and certain other creditors of 
the Issuer; (b) to acquire security rights as agent and/or trustee and/or for itself; (c) to hold, administer and 
enforce the security rights mentioned under (b) for the benefit of the Noteholders and certain other creditors 
of the Issuer and to perform acts and legal acts (including the acceptance of a parallel debt obligation from, 
inter alios, the Issuer) which are or may be related, incidental or conducive to the holding of the above security 
rights and (d) to perform any and all acts which are related, incidental or which may be conducive to the 
above. 
The sole managing director of the Security Trustee is Amsterdamsch Trustee's Kantoor B.V., a private 
company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under the 
laws of The Netherlands and having its official seat (statutaire zetel) in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. The 
managing directors of Amsterdamsch Trustee's Kantoor B.V. are Arno Jacobus Vink, Leonard Frederik van 
der Sman, Jacobus Cornelis Maria Ferryman and Ian Hancock. 
Amsterdamsch Trustee's Kantoor B.V. belongs to the same group of companies as the Issuer Director and 
the Foundation Director. Therefore, a conflict of interest may arise. In this respect it is of note that in the 
Management Agreements entered into by each of the Directors with the entity of which it has been appointed 
as managing director, each of the Directors agrees and undertakes to, inter alia, (i) do all that an adequate 
managing director (statutair directeur) should do or should refrain from doing, and (ii) refrain from taking any 
action which may be detrimental to the obligations of the relevant entity under any of the Programme 
Documents.

--- Page 144 ---
- 144 - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CLASS A NOTES 
The terms and conditions of the Class A Notes (the "Conditions") are set out below. Annex A to the 
Conditions sets out the "TRUST AGREEMENT", Annex B to the Conditions sets out the "MASTER 
DEFINITIONS SCHEDULE". In case of any overlap or inconsistency in the definition of a term or expression 
in the Conditions and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, the definition contained in the Conditions will prevail. 
For Annex A referred to under the Conditions of the Notes see "TRUST AGREEMENT". 
1. 
Form and Nominal Amount of the Notes 
(a) 
The issue by VCL Master Netherlands B.V. (the "Issuer") in an aggregate nominal amount 
of up to EUR 1,500,000,000 (the "Nominal Amount") is divided into up to 
15,000 Class A Notes issued in registered global note form,  
(the "Notes") 
each having a nominal amount of EUR 100,000. 
(b) 
Each Series of Class A Notes are issued in registered form and represented by a global 
registered note (each a "Global Note") without coupons attached. Each Global Note 
representing a Series of Class A Notes will be deposited with a Common Safekeeper for 
Clearstream Luxembourg and Euroclear and thereafter, each Global Note will be held in 
book-entry form only. Each Global Note representing a Series of Class A Notes will bear the 
personal signature by any two directors of the sole managing director of the Issuer and will 
be authenticated by one or more employees or attorneys of U.S. Bank Europe DAC (the 
"Registrar") and will be effectuated by the Common Safekeeper.  
(c) 
The Issuer will cause to be kept at the specified office of the Registrar a register (the 
"Register") on which will be entered the name and address of the Registered Holder (as 
defined below) and the particulars of such Series of Class A Notes held by it and all transfers 
and payments (of interest and principal) of such Series of Class A Notes. The rights of the 
Registered Holder (as defined below) evidenced by the Global Note and title to each Series 
of Class A Notes itself will pass by assignment and registration in the Register. Each Global 
Note representing a Series of Class A Notes will be issued in the name of a nominee of the 
Common Safekeeper (the "Registered Holder"). The Registered Holder will be registered 
as Noteholder in the Register.  
(d) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (c) of this Condition 1, each person (other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Luxembourg, as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Series of 
Class A Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream Luxembourg, as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any 
person will be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) will 
be treated by the Issuer and any paying agent as the holder of such nominal amount of the 
relevant Series of Class A Notes for all purposes (and the expressions "Noteholder" and 
"holder of Notes" and related expressions will be construed accordingly). 
(e) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (c) of this Condition 1, the interests in each Series of Class A 
Notes represented by a Global Note are transferable only according to applicable rules and 
regulations of Clearstream Luxembourg, and Euroclear, as the case may be. The Global 
Note will not be exchangeable for definitive Class A Notes of such Series of Notes. 
(f) 
In addition to the Class A Notes the Issuer has issued Class B floating rate notes (the "Class 
B Notes" and together with the Class A Notes, the "Notes"), which, upon the occurrence of 
an Enforcement Event, rank junior to the Class A Notes with respect to payment of interest 
and principal as described in the Order of Priority. The Issuer will issue further Class B Notes 
in the Class B Notes Increase Amount on any Further Issue Date. The Issuer has borrowed 
from the Subordinated Lender the Subordinated Loan for the Closing Date and will borrow 
the Subordinated Loan Increase Amount for each Additional Purchase Date, which ranks 
junior to the Notes with respect to payment of interest and principal as described in the Order 
of Priority.

--- Page 145 ---
- 145 - 
(g) 
The Notes are subject to the provisions of the Trust Agreement between, inter alia, the 
Issuer, the Security Trustee and the Seller. The provisions of the Trust Agreement are set 
out in Annex A. Annex A constitutes part of these Conditions.  
2. 
Series 
(a) 
Series of Class A Notes: 
On a given Issue Date falling within the Revolving Period, all Class A Notes issued on that 
date will constitute one or several Series of Class A Notes, which shall be identified by means 
of: 
(i) 
a four digit number representing the year on which the Series was issued, in the 
following format: Series "20xx", followed by:  
(ii) 
the number of such Series in respect of the relevant year, in the following format 
"y". 
(iii) 
in the following format: Series 20xx-y. 
(b) 
General principles relating to the Series of Class A Notes: 
The Class A Notes of different Series shall not be fungible among themselves. 
All Class A Notes issued within the same Series shall be fungible among themselves in 
accordance with and subject to the following provisions: 
(i) 
the Class A Series 20xx-y Notes of the same Series shall all bear the same interest 
rate in accordance with the provisions of Condition 8; 
(ii) 
the interest rate payable under the Class A Series 20xx-y Notes of a given Series 
shall be paid on the same Payment Dates; and 
(iii) 
the Class A Series 20xx-y Notes in respect of a given Series shall have the same 
Scheduled Repayment Date and the same Final Maturity Date as set out in 
Condition 9(e). 
3. 
Status and Ranking 
(a) 
The Class A Notes of any Series constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. Prior to the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, the Class A Notes 
will (i) with respect to payments of interest, rank senior to the Class B Notes and the 
Subordinated Loan, and (ii) with respect to payments of principal, will rank senior to the Class 
B Notes and the Subordinated Loan, but payments of interest under the Class B Notes will 
rank senior to payments of principal under the Class A Notes. After the occurrence of an 
Enforcement Event, the Class A Notes will rank senior to the Class B Notes with respect to 
payments of interest and principal. 
(b) 
The claims of the holders of the Class A Notes under the Class A Notes are ranked against 
the claims of all other creditors of the Issuer in accordance with the Order of Priority, unless 
mandatory provisions of law provide otherwise. 
(c) 
With respect of interest and principal, each of the Class A Notes rank pari passu amongst 
themselves, prior and after the occurrence of an Enforcement Event. 
4. 
The Issuer 
The Issuer which articles of association are subject to the laws of The Netherlands is a private 
company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of The Netherlands and which has been 
founded solely for the purpose of issuing the Notes and raising the Subordinated Loans and

--- Page 146 ---
- 146 - 
concluding and executing various agreements in connection with the Issue of the Notes and the 
raising of the Subordinated Loans. 
5. 
Assets of the Issuer for the Purpose of Payments on the Notes and on the Subordinated 
Loans, Provision of Security, Limited Payment Obligation 
(a) 
The Issuer will use the proceeds of the Issue of the Notes and of the Subordinated Loan to 
acquire by way of hire purchase (huurkoop) from the Seller pursuant to the Master Hire 
Purchase Agreement Leased Vehicles and the associated Lease Receivables and ancillary 
rights arising from Lease Agreements which the Seller has concluded with private individuals 
and commercial Lessees. The Issuer has pledged the Purchased Vehicles and the 
associated Lease Receivables to the Security Trustee. The collection and administration of 
the Purchased Vehicles and the associated Lease Receivables, to which the Seller has 
reserved itself the right and assumed the duty in the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, shall 
be carried out on the basis of the Servicing Agreement between the Issuer, the Seller (in this 
capacity, the "Servicer") and the Security Trustee. In addition, subject to revocation by the 
Security Trustee, the Servicer is entitled and obligated according to the provisions of the 
Trust Agreement to realise the Purchased Vehicles on behalf of the Issuer as necessary. 
Furthermore, the Issuer may enter into additional hire purchase contracts in connection with 
the acquisition of Leased Vehicles and the associated Lease Receivables and the Issue of 
the Notes and the raising of the Subordinated Loan, in particular, the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement with an Affiliate of Volkswagen AG, the Issuer Facility Agreement with the Issuer 
Facility Borrower, the Managements Agreements with the Directors, the Swap Agreement(s) 
with the Swap Counterparties, the Agency Agreement with the Seller and the Agents, the 
Deposit Agreement with the Data Protection Trustee and the Account Agreement with the 
Account Bank and the Cash Administrator. The agreements and documents referred to in 
this paragraph are collectively referred to as the "Programme Documents" and the 
creditors of the Issuer under these Programme Documents are referred to as "Programme 
Creditors".  
(b) 
The Issuer has pledged the Purchased Vehicles and the associated Lease Receivables and 
all of its claims arising under the Programme Documents to the Security Trustee as collateral 
for its obligations under the Notes and the Subordinated Loan Agreement and other 
obligations specified in the Trust Agreement. As to the form and contents of such provision 
of security, reference is made to the provisions of the Trust Agreement. 
(c) 
All payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Subordinated Loan Agreement 
constitute solely obligations to distribute amounts out of the Available Distribution Amount in 
accordance with the applicable Order of Priority as generated, inter alia, by payments under 
the Lease Agreements associated with the Purchased Vehicles and by the Swap 
Counterparties under the Swap Agreement(s), as available on the respective Payment Dates 
according to the Order of Priority. The Notes of any Series shall not give rise to any payment 
obligation in excess of the foregoing and recourse shall be limited accordingly. The Issuer 
shall hold all moneys paid to it pursuant to clause 7 (Distribution Account) of the Trust 
Agreement in the Distribution Account. Further, the Issuer has established the Cash 
Collateral Account and will maintain the Cash Collateral Account pursuant to clause 26 
(Undertakings of the Issuer) of the Trust Agreement to provide limited coverage for payments 
of interest and principal on the Class A Notes and certain other amounts. Furthermore, the 
Issuer shall exercise all of its rights under the Programme Documents with the due care of 
a prudent businessman such that obligations under the Class A Notes may, subject always 
to the provisions of these Conditions of the Class A Notes as to the Order of Priority, be 
performed to the fullest extent possible. To the extent that upon the exercise of such rights 
funds in the Distribution Account and the Cash Collateral Account are insufficient to satisfy 
in full the claims of all Programme Creditors any claims of holders of Class A Notes of the 
respective Series remaining unpaid shall be extinguished at the Final Maturity Date 
applicable to the respective Series of Class A Notes and the Issuer shall have no further 
obligations thereto and, for the avoidance of doubt, neither the holders of the Class A Notes 
of the respective Series nor the Security Trustee shall have any further claims against the 
Issuer in respect of such claims remaining unpaid according to the Order of Priority.

--- Page 147 ---
- 147 - 
(d) 
The enforcement of the payment obligations under the Notes, the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement and the Swap Agreement(s) pursuant to paragraph (c) shall only be effected by 
the Security Trustee for the benefit of all Noteholders, the Swap Counterparties and the 
Subordinated Lender. The Security Trustee is required to foreclose on the Purchased 
Receivables and Leased Vehicles in case of a Foreclosure Event, on the conditions and in 
accordance with the terms set forth in clauses 12 (Enforcement and Proceedings) and 13 
(Payments upon the occurrence of the Enforcement Event) of the Trust Agreement. 
(e) 
The other parties to the Programme Documents shall not be liable for the obligations of the 
Issuer. 
(f) 
No shareholder, officer, director, employee or manager of the Issuer or of VW Group shall 
incur any personal liability as a result of the performance or non-performance by the Issuer 
of its obligations under the Programme Documents. Any recourse against such a person is 
excluded accordingly. 
(g) 
The recourse of the Programme Creditors is limited to the secured assets of the Issuer. 
6. 
Further Covenants of the Issuer 
(a) 
As long as any of the Notes and/or the Subordinated Loans remains outstanding, the Issuer 
is not entitled, without the prior consent of the Security Trustee, to develop any activities 
described in clause 26.2 (Undertakings of the Issuer) of the Trust Agreement. 
(b) 
The counterparties of the Programme Documents are not liable for covenants of the Issuer. 
7. 
Payment Date, Payment Related Information 
The Issuer shall inform the holders of the Class A Notes, not later than on the "Servicer Report 
Performance Date" which is the 5th Business Day prior to each Payment Date, by means of the 
publication provided for under Condition 12, with reference to the Payment Date (as described below) 
of such month, as follows: 
(a) 
the repayment of the nominal amount payable on each Series of Class A Notes (if any) and 
the amount of interest calculated and payable on each Series of Class A Notes on the 
succeeding 25th day of such calendar month or, if this is not a Business Day, on the next 
following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (each respectively a "Payment 
Date"); 
(b) 
the nominal amount remaining outstanding on each Series of Class A Notes on each 
respective Payment Date and the amount of interest remaining unpaid, if any, on the Class 
A Notes of each Series as from such Payment Date; 
(c) 
the Notes Factor for each Series of Class A Notes; 
(d) 
the remaining Cash Collateral Amount; and 
(e) 
in the event of the final Payment Date with respect to a Series of Class A Notes, the fact that 
this is the last Payment Date. 
The Issuer shall make available for inspection by the holders of the Class A Notes, in its offices at 
Basisweg 10, 1043 AP Amsterdam, The Netherlands and during normal business hours, the 
documents from which the figures reported to the holders of the Class A Notes are calculated. 
8. 
Payments of Interest 
(a) 
Subject to the limitations set forth in Condition 5(c) the outstanding principal amount in 
respect of the Class A Notes shall bear interest from (and including) the Initial Issue Date 
until (and excluding) the day on which the principal amount has been reduced to zero.

--- Page 148 ---
- 148 - 
(b) 
Interest shall be paid in arrear on each Payment Date. The amount of interest payable in 
respect of the Class A Notes on any Payment Date shall be calculated based on all Notes 
outstanding for the relevant Series of Notes by the Interest Determination Agent by applying 
the Class A Notes Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Accrual Period to the principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes immediately prior to the relevant Payment Date and 
multiplying the result by the actual number of days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
divided by 360 and rounding the result to the nearest full cent, all as determined by U.S. 
Bank Europe DAC (the "Interest Determination Agent"). 
(c) 
The interest rate to be used for calculating the amount of interest payable pursuant to 
paragraph (c) shall be the EURIBOR rate for one month Euro deposits plus the relevant 
margin set out in the Relevant Final Terms (the "Margin") per annum, subject to a floor of 
zero, (the "Class A Notes Interest Rate"). Such determination shall also apply to the first 
Interest Accrual Period.  
(d) 
Accrued Interest not paid on the Class A Notes on the Payment Date related to the Interest 
Accrual Period in which it accrued, will be an "Interest Shortfall" with respect to such Class 
A Note and will constitute a Foreclosure Event, if not paid for a period of five Business Days 
from the relevant Payment Date. 
9. 
Payment obligations, Agents 
(a) 
On each Payment Date the Issuer shall, subject to Condition 5(c), pay to each holder of a 
Class A Note interest at the Class A Notes Interest Rate on the Nominal Amount of the Class 
A Notes of such Series of Notes outstanding immediately prior to the respective Payment 
Date, and during the amortising period redeem the nominal amount of the Notes by applying 
the amount remaining thereafter in accordance with the Order of Priority. The record date 
means the close of business on the record date which is the Clearing System Business Day 
immediately prior to the date for payment, where Clearing System Business Days shall mean 
a Business Day. 
(b) 
Sums which are to be paid to the Class A Noteholders shall be rounded down to the next 
lowest cent for each of the Class A Notes. The amount of such rounding down to the next 
cent shall be used in the next following Payment Date and the surplus carried over to the 
following Payment Date. The Servicer shall be entitled to any amount resulting from rounding 
differences of less than EUR 500.00 remaining on the Final Maturity Date (as defined below). 
(c) 
Payments of principal and interest, if any, on the Class A Notes shall be made by the 
Principal Paying Agent on the Issuer's behalf for further payment to Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear or to their order for credit to the relevant account holders of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. All payments in respect of any Class A Note made 
by, or on behalf of, the Issuer to, or to the order of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
shall discharge the liability of the Issuer under such Class A Note to the extent of sums so 
paid.  
(d) 
The first Payment Date for the Class A Notes shall be as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The final payment of the then outstanding principal amount plus interest thereon is 
expected to take place on or before the Payment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the "Scheduled Repayment Date"). 
(e) 
Notwithstanding Condition 8(d), all payments of interest on and principal of the Class A Notes 
will be due and payable at the latest in full on the legal final maturity date of the Class A 
Notes, which shall be the Payment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Final 
Maturity Date"). 
(f) 
Provided that the Class A Noteholders have received a notice to that effect by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 12 and substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 to these 
Conditions no later than twenty (20) calendar days prior to the then current series revolving 
period expiration date (the "Series Revolving Period Expiration Date"), the holders of the 
Class A Notes, acting collectively, shall have the right to exercise by written notice to the

--- Page 149 ---
- 149 - 
Principal Paying Agent, the Security Trustee and the Issuer in the form of Schedule 2 to 
these Conditions to be received not later than ten (10) calendar days immediately preceding 
the then current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date to request:  
(i) 
the extension of the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date for a period specified 
in the relevant notice, 
(ii) 
an amendment to the Margin, and 
(iii) 
the extension of the Final Maturity Date for a period to be specified in the relevant 
notice. 
Any amendments so requested shall become effective only if (A) the Issuer has received 
confirmation from the Rating Agencies that the rating of the Class A Notes will not be affected 
by such amendments, or the Rating Agencies have confirmed that the assignment of new 
ratings are not lower than the rating for the then outstanding Notes before the Series 
Revolving Period Expiration Date was extended, or, as applicable, the Issuer has received 
a new rating confirmation stating the same rating for the Class A Notes as applicable prior 
to the amendments and (B) a Positive Buffer Release Amount exists and (C) by no later than 
the third Business Day prior to the then current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, the 
Issuer has confirmed by notice to the holders in the form prescribed by Condition 12 that it 
has received such reaffirmation and that it agrees to the requested amendments and (D) 
that the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty have arranged sufficient interest hedging for the 
current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date. 
The Issuer shall procure that the amendments that have become effective in accordance 
with these provisions will be notified to the Principal Paying Agent for further communication 
to the Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg immediately after 
the notice from the holders of the relevant Series of Class A Notes has been given.  
(g) 
Payments of interest and principal shall be made from the Issuer's accounts with U.S. Bank 
Europe DAC (the "Account Bank") by the Principal Paying Agent, which may also include 
a substitute or alternative paying agent pursuant to Condition 9(h) without having to execute 
an affidavit or fulfil any formalities other than the compliance with tax, currency exchange or 
other regulations of the country where the payment takes place. The Issuer is entitled to 
transfer paid-in amounts to the Account Bank prior to the Payment Date and leave with the 
Account Bank any amounts not claimed by the Noteholders upon maturity.  
(h) 
In their capacity as such, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Registrar 
and the Interest Determination Agent, respectively, shall act solely as the agent of the Issuer 
and shall not maintain an agency or trust relationship with the holders of the Class A Notes. 
The Issuer may appoint a new principal paying agent, calculation agent, registrar and/or an 
interest determination agent, or if there are grounds to do so, appoint an alternative principal 
paying agent, calculation agent and/or an alternative interest determination agent and 
revoke the appointment of the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Interest Determination 
Agent as provided for in clause 11 of the Agency Agreement. Appointments and revocations 
thereof shall be announced pursuant to Condition 12. The Issuer will ensure that during the 
term of the Class A Notes and as long as the Class A Notes are listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange a paying agent, an interest determination agent and a 
calculation agent will be appointed at all times and will be released from the restrictions of 
Section 181 of the German Civil Code. 
10. 
Taxes 
Payments to the Class A Noteholders shall only be made after the deduction and withholding of 
current or future taxes, levies or government charges, regardless of their nature, which are imposed, 
raised or collected ("taxes") on the basis of the applicable laws of, or for the account of, an authority 
or government agency authorised to levy taxes or of any country which claims fiscal jurisdiction, to 
the extent that such a collection is prescribed by statute. The Issuer shall render an account of the 
deducted or withheld taxes accruing to the competent government agencies and shall, upon a

--- Page 150 ---
- 150 - 
Noteholder's request, provide proof thereof. It is not obligated to pay any additional amounts to settle 
tax claims. 
11. 
Replacement of Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer is at any time entitled to appoint another company (the "New Issuer") in place of 
the Issuer as debtor for all obligations arising from and in connection with the Class A Notes 
insofar as (i) the New Issuer assumes all rights and duties of the Issuer under or pursuant 
to the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Issuer 
Facility Agreement, the Account Agreement, the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, the Trust 
Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Issuer Management Agreement, the Swap 
Agreements, the Agency Agreement, the Deposit Agreement and any Programme 
Document to which the Issuer is a party by means of an agreement with the Issuer; provided 
further, the Security is, upon the Issuer's replacement, to be held by the Security Trustee for 
the purpose of securing the obligations of the New Issuer, (ii) the holders of the Notes and 
the Subordinated Lender of the Subordinated Loan confirm that no further expenses or legal 
disadvantages of any kind arise for any of them from such an assumption of debt and this 
fact has been established in legal opinions which can be examined at the premises of the 
Principal Paying Agent, (iii) the New Issuer provides proof that it has obtained all of the 
necessary governmental approvals in the country in which it has its corporate seat and that 
it may fulfil all of the duties arising out of or in connection with the Trust Agreement without 
discrimination against the holders of the Notes or the Subordinated Lender of the 
Subordinated Loan as a whole, (iv) the Issuer and the New Issuer conclude such agreements 
and execute such documents which the Security Trustee considers necessary for the 
effectiveness of the replacement. The Issuer will notify the Rating Agencies on the 
replacement of the Issuer. Upon fulfilment of the aforementioned conditions the New Issuer 
shall in every respect replace the Issuer, and the Issuer shall be released from all obligations 
relating to the function of an issuer vis-à-vis the holders of the Class A Notes under or in 
connection with the Class A Notes and the Subordinated Lender under or in connection with 
the Subordinated Loan. 
(b) 
Such replacement of the Issuer must be published in accordance with Condition 12. 
(c) 
In the event of such replacement of the Issuer, each reference to the Issuer in these 
Conditions of the Class A Notes shall be deemed to be a reference to the New Issuer. 
12. 
Notices 
All notices to the Noteholders regarding the Notes shall be (i) published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) as long as the Notes are listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require and (ii) be delivered to 
the applicable clearing systems for communication by them to the Noteholders. Any notice referred 
to under (ii) above shall be deemed to have been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after 
the day on which the said notice was delivered to the respective clearing system. Any notice referred 
to under (i) above shall be deemed to have been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after 
the day on which the said notice was published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). 
13. 
Miscellaneous 
(a) 
The form and content of the Class A Notes and all of the rights and obligations of the holders 
of the Class A Notes, the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and the Servicer 
under these Class A Notes shall be subject in all respects to the laws of Germany. The 
Conditions of any Series of Class A Notes may only be modified through contractual 
agreement to be concluded between the Issuer and all holders of the relevant Series of Class 
A Notes with a prior notification to the Rating Agencies as provided for in Section 4 of the 
German Debenture Act (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen) or by 
a Noteholder’s resolution adopted with unanimous consent of the holders of any Series of 
Class A Notes pursuant to sections 5 to 22 of the aforementioned act.

--- Page 151 ---
- 151 - 
(b) 
Should any of the provisions hereof be or become invalid in whole or in part, the other 
provisions shall remain in force.  
(c) 
The place of performance and venue is Frankfurt am Main, Germany. The German courts 
have jurisdiction for the annulment of the Global Note in the event of loss or destruction. 
(d) 
For any legal proceedings brought in connection with these Conditions of the Notes which 
have been initiated against the Issuer in a court of Germany, the Issuer grants Rechtsanwalt 
Bernhard Faber, with its offices at Thomasiusstraße 11, 10557, Berlin, Germany, the 
authority to accept service of process. The Issuer undertakes to maintain an agent for 
accepting such service in the Federal Republic of Germany as long as any of the Class A 
Notes are outstanding. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, subject to giving ten (10) Business Days prior notice 
to the Noteholders and the Rating Agencies in writing, including by email, the Issuer will be 
entitled to amend any term or provision of the Conditions (except for the ranking of the Class 
A Notes, any security securing the Class A Notes, the Final Maturity Date, the Scheduled 
Repayment Date, the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, any Payment Date, the Class 
A Notes Interest Rate or the amount of payments of any principal), with the consent of the 
Security Trustee, but without the consent of any Noteholder, any Swap Counterparty, the 
Subordinated Lender, the Arranger, the Lead Manager or any other Person if it is advised 
by a third party authorised under Article 28 of the Securitisation Regulation or a reputable 
international law firm that such amendments are required for the Programme to comply with 
the Securitisation Regulation including the requirements for simple, transparent and 
standardised securitisations set out therein and in any regulatory technical standards 
adopted under the Securitisation Regulation.

--- Page 152 ---
- 152 - 
SCHEDULE 1 TO THE CLASS A NOTES
FORM OF NOTICE TO BE DELIVERED BY THE ISSUER TO THE HOLDERS OF THE CLASS A NOTES IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
CONDITION 9(F) 
Notice to the holders of the Class A Series 20xx-y Notes, issued by VCL Master Netherlands B.V. (the 
"Class A Notes"), to be given twenty (20) calendar days prior to the expiration of the Series Revolving 
Period Expiration Date  
Terms not defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the terms and conditions of the Class A 
Notes. 
Notice is hereby given to the holders of the Class A Notes that they shall have the right exercisable by written 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent, the Security Trustee and the Issuer to be received not later than on the 
tenth (10th) calendar day immediately preceding the then current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, to 
request: 
(i) 
the extension of the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date for a period to be specified in the 
relevant notice, 
(ii) 
an amendment to the Margin, and 
(iii) 
the extension of the Final Maturity Date for a period to be specified in the relevant notice 
Amsterdam, [date] 
VCL Master Netherlands B.V.

--- Page 153 ---
- 153 - 
SCHEDULE 2 TO THE CLASS A NOTES
FORM OF NOTICE TO BE DELIVERED BY THE HOLDERS OF THE CLASS A NOTES TO THE PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT,
THE SECURITY TRUSTEE AND THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CONDITION 9(F) 
From: 
[Name, address, phone number and fax number of relevant holder] 
To: 
[Issuer] 
[Principal Paying Agent] 
[Security Trustee] 
Class A Notes, issued by VCL Master Netherlands B.V. (the "Notes") 
Dear Sirs, 
Terms not defined in herein shall have the meaning given to them in the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
Reference is made to Condition 9(f) of the terms and conditions of the above mentioned Class A Notes and 
the notice published on [date]. 
We hereby request: 
(i) 
the extension of the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date for a period of [to be inserted] so that 
the extended Series Revolving Period Expiration Date shall be [to be inserted], 
(ii) 
[to be inserted] as amended Margin with effect from (and including) the Payment Date falling in [to 
be inserted], and 
(iii) 
the extension of the Final Maturity Date for a period of [to be inserted] so that the extended Final 
Maturity Date shall be [to be inserted]. 
We hereby represent and warrant that as of the date of this notice:  
(i) 
we hold [] per cent. of the Notes outstanding on the date of this notice; and 
(ii) 
we will not sell or transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the Notes prior to the 25th Business Day 
after the date of this notice. 
We hereby acknowledge that the amendments requested above shall become effective only if (A) the Issuer 
has received confirmation from the Rating Agencies that the rating of the Class A Notes will not be affected 
by such amendments, or the Rating Agencies have confirmed that the assignment of new ratings are not 
lower than the rating for the then outstanding Notes before the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date was 
extended, or, as applicable, the Issuer has received a new rating confirmation stating the same rating for the 
Class A Notes as applicable prior to the amendments and (B) by no later than the third (3rd) Business Day 
prior to the then current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, the Issuer has confirmed by notice to us 
(as holders of the Class A Notes) in the form prescribed in Condition 12 that it has received such reaffirmation 
and that it agrees to the requested amendments and (D) that the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty have 
arranged sufficient interest hedging for the current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date. 
Kind regards, 
[name and signatures of holder]

--- Page 154 ---
- 154 - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CLASS B NOTES 
The terms and conditions of the Class B Notes (the "Conditions") are set out below. Annex A to the 
Conditions sets out the "TRUST AGREEMENT", Annex B to the Conditions sets out the "MASTER 
DEFINITIONS SCHEDULE". In case of any overlap or inconsistency in the definition of a term or expression 
in the Conditions and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, the definition contained in the Conditions will prevail. 
For Annex A referred to under the Conditions of the Notes see "TRUST AGREEMENT". 
1. 
Form and Nominal Amount of the Notes 
(a) 
The issue by VCL Master Netherlands B.V. (the "Issuer") in an aggregate nominal amount 
of up to EUR 1,500,000,000 (the "Nominal Amount") is divided into up to 
15,000 Class B Notes issued in registered global note form, 
(the "Notes") 
each having a nominal amount of EUR 100,000. 
(b) 
Each Series of Class B Notes are issued in registered form and represented by a global 
registered note (each a "Global Note") without coupons attached. Each Global Note 
representing a Series of Class B Notes of will be deposited with a Common Safekeeper for 
Clearstream Luxembourg and Euroclear and thereafter, each Global Note will be held in 
book-entry form only. Each Global Note representing a Series of Class B Notes will bear the 
personal signature by any two directors of the sole managing director of the Issuer and will 
be authenticated by one or more employees or attorneys of U.S. Bank Europe DAC (the 
"Registrar") and will be effectuated by the Common Safekeeper. 
(c) 
The Issuer will cause to be kept at the specified office of the Registrar a register (the 
"Register") on which will be entered the name and address of the Registered Holder (as 
defined below) and the particulars of such Series of Class B Notes held by it and all transfers 
and payments (of interest and principal) of such Series of Class B Notes. The rights of the 
Registered Holder (as defined below) evidenced by a Global Note and title to each Series of 
Class B Notes itself will pass by assignment and registration in the Register. Each Global 
Note representing each Series of Class B Notes will be issued in the name of a nominee of 
the Common Safekeeper (the "Registered Holder"). The Registered Holder will be 
registered as Noteholder in the Register.  
(d) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (c) of this Condition 1, each person (other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Luxembourg, as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Series of 
Class B Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream Luxembourg, as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any 
person will be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) will 
be treated by the Issuer and any paying agent as the holder of such nominal amount of a 
Series Class B Notes for all purposes (and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of 
Notes" and related expressions will be construed accordingly). 
(e) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (c) of this Condition 1, the interests in the Class B Notes of such 
Series of Notes represented by the Global Note are transferable only according to applicable 
rules and regulations of Clearstream Luxembourg, and Euroclear, as the case may be. The 
Global Note will not be exchangeable for definitive Class A Notes of such Series of Notes. 
(f) 
In addition to the Class B Notes the Issuer has issued Class A floating rate notes (the "Class 
A Notes" and together with the Class B Notes, the "Notes"), which, upon the occurrence of 
an Enforcement Event, rank senior to the Class B Notes with respect to payment of interest 
and principal as described in the Order of Priority. The Issuer has borrowed from the 
Subordinated Lender the Subordinated Loan for the Closing Date and will borrow the 
Subordinated Loan Increase Amount for each Additional Purchase Date, which ranks junior 
to the Notes with respect to payment of interest and principal as described in the Order of 
Priority.

--- Page 155 ---
- 155 - 
(g) 
The Notes are subject to the provisions of the Trust Agreement between, inter alia, the 
Issuer, the Security Trustee and the Seller. The provisions of the Trust Agreement are set 
out in Annex A. Annex A constitutes part of these Conditions.  
2. 
Series 
(a) 
Series of Class B Notes: 
On a given Issue Date falling within the Revolving Period, all Class B Notes issued on that 
date will constitute one or several Series of Class B Notes, which shall be identified by means 
of: 
(i) 
a four digit number representing the year on which the Series was issued, in the 
following format: Series "20xx", followed by:  
(ii) 
the number of such Series in respect of the relevant year, in the following format 
"y". 
(iii) 
in the following format: Series 20xx-y. 
(b) 
General principles relating to the Series of Class B Notes: 
The Class B Notes of different Series shall not be fungible among themselves. 
All Class B Notes issued within the same Series shall be fungible among themselves in 
accordance with and subject to the following provisions: 
(i) 
the Class B Series 20xx-y Notes of the same Series shall all bear the same interest 
rate in accordance with the provisions of Condition 8; 
(ii) 
the interest rate payable under the Class B Series 20xx-y Notes of a given Series 
shall be paid on the same Payment Dates; and 
(iii) 
The Class B Series 20xx-y Notes in respect of a given Series shall have the same 
Scheduled Repayment Date and the same Final Maturity Date as set out in 
Condition 9(e). 
3. 
Status and Ranking 
(a) 
The Class B Notes of any Series constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. Prior to the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, the Class B Notes 
will (i) with respect to payments of interest, rank junior to the Class A Notes and will rank 
senior to the Subordinated Loan, and (ii) with respect to payments of principal, will rank junior 
to the Class A Notes and will rank senior the Subordinated Loan, but payments of interest 
under the Class B Notes will rank senior to payments of principal under the Class A Notes. 
After the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, the Class B Notes will rank junior to the Class 
A Notes with respect to payments of interest and principal. 
(b) 
The claims of the holders of the Class B Notes under the Class B Notes are ranked against 
the claims of all other creditors of the Issuer in accordance with the Order of Priority, unless 
mandatory provisions of law provide otherwise. 
(c) 
With respect of interest and principal, each of the Class B Notes rank pari passu amongst 
themselves, prior and after on an occurrence of an Enforcement Event. 
4. 
The Issuer 
The Issuer which articles of association are subject to the laws of The Netherlands is a private 
company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of The Netherlands and which has been 
founded solely for the purpose of issuing the Notes and raising the Subordinated Loans and

--- Page 156 ---
- 156 - 
concluding and executing various agreements in connection with the Issue of the Notes and the 
raising of the Subordinated Loans. 
5. 
Assets of the Issuer for the Purpose of Payments on the Notes and on the Subordinated 
Loans, Provision of Security, Limited Payment Obligation 
(a) 
The Issuer will use the proceeds of the Issue of the Notes and of the Subordinated Loan to 
acquire by way of hire purchase (huurkoop) from the Seller pursuant to the Master Hire 
Purchase Agreement Leased Vehicles and the associated Lease Receivables and ancillary 
rights arising from Lease Agreements which the Seller has concluded with private individuals 
and commercial Lessees. The Issuer has pledged the Purchased Vehicles and the 
associated Lease Receivables to the Security Trustee. The collection and administration of 
the Purchased Vehicles and the associated Lease Receivables, to which the Seller has 
reserved itself the right and assumed the duty in the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, shall 
be carried out on the basis of the Servicing Agreement between the Issuer, the Seller (in this 
capacity, the "Servicer") and the Security Trustee. In addition, subject to revocation by the 
Security Trustee, the Servicer is entitled and obligated according to the provisions of the 
Trust Agreement to realise the Purchased Vehicles on behalf of the Issuer as necessary. 
Furthermore, the Issuer may enter into additional hire purchase contracts in connection with 
the acquisition of Leased Vehicles and the associated Lease Receivables and the Issue of 
the Notes and the raising of the Subordinated Loan, in particular, the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement with an Affiliate of Volkswagen AG, the Issuer Facility Agreement with the Issuer 
Facility Borrower, the Managements Agreements with the Directors, the Swap Agreement(s) 
with the Swap Counterparties, the Agency Agreement with the Seller and the Agents, the 
Deposit Agreement with the Data Protection Trustee and the Account Agreement with the 
Account Bank and the Cash Administrator. The agreements and documents referred to in 
this paragraph are collectively referred to as the "Programme Documents" and the 
creditors of the Issuer under these Programme Documents are referred to as "Programme 
Creditors".  
(b) 
The Issuer has pledged the Purchased Vehicles and the associated Lease Receivables and 
all of its claims arising under the Programme Documents to the Security Trustee as collateral 
for its obligations under the Notes and the Subordinated Loan Agreement and other 
obligations specified in the Trust Agreement. As to the form and contents of such provision 
of security, reference is made to the provisions of the Trust Agreement. 
(c) 
All payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Subordinated Loan Agreement 
constitute solely obligations to distribute amounts out of the Available Distribution Amount in 
accordance with the applicable Order of Priority as generated, inter alia, by payments under 
the Lease Agreements associated with the Purchased Vehicles and by the Swap 
Counterparties under the Swap Agreement(s), as available on the respective Payment Dates 
according to the Order of Priority. The Notes of any Series shall not give rise to any payment 
obligation in excess of the foregoing and recourse shall be limited accordingly. The Issuer 
shall hold all moneys paid to it pursuant to clause 7 (Distribution Account) of the Trust 
Agreement in the Distribution Account. Further, the Issuer has established the Cash 
Collateral Account and will maintain the Cash Collateral Account pursuant to clause 26 
(Undertakings of the Issuer) of the Trust Agreement to provide limited coverage for payments 
of interest and principal on the Class B Notes and certain other amounts. Furthermore, the 
Issuer shall exercise all of its rights under the Programme Documents with the due care of 
a prudent businessman such that obligations under the Class B Notes may, subject always 
to the provisions of these Conditions of the Class B Notes as to the Order of Priority, be 
performed to the fullest extent possible. To the extent that upon the exercise of such rights 
funds in the Distribution Account and the Cash Collateral Account are insufficient to satisfy 
in full the claims of all Programme Creditors any claims of holders of Class B Notes of the 
respective Series remaining unpaid shall be extinguished at the Final Maturity Date 
applicable to the respective Series of Class B Notes and the Issuer shall have no further 
obligations thereto and, for the avoidance of doubt, neither the holders of the Class B Notes 
of the respective Series nor the Security Trustee shall have any further claims against the 
Issuer in respect of such claims remaining unpaid according to the Order of Priority.

--- Page 157 ---
- 157 - 
(d) 
The enforcement of the payment obligations under the Notes, the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement and the Swap Agreement(s) pursuant to paragraph (c) shall only be effected by 
the Security Trustee for the benefit of all Noteholders, the Swap Counterparties and the 
Subordinated Lender. The Security Trustee is required to foreclose on the Purchased 
Receivables and Leased Vehicles in case of a Foreclosure Event, on the conditions and in 
accordance with the terms set forth in clauses 2 (Enforcement and Proceedings) and 13 
(Payments upon the occurrence of the Enforcement Event) of the Trust Agreement. 
(e) 
The other parties to the Programme Documents shall not be liable for the obligations of the 
Issuer. 
(f) 
No shareholder, officer, director, employee or manager of the Issuer or of VW Group shall 
incur any personal liability as a result of the performance or non-performance by the Issuer 
of its obligations under the Programme Documents. Any recourse against such a person is 
excluded accordingly. 
(g) 
The recourse of the Programme Creditors is limited to the secured assets of the Issuer.  
6. 
Further Covenants of the Issuer 
(a) 
As long as any of the Notes and/or the Subordinated Loans remains outstanding, the Issuer 
is not entitled, without the prior consent of the Security Trustee, to develop any activities 
described in clause 26.2 (Undertakings of the Issuer) of the Trust Agreement. 
(b) 
The counterparties of the Programme Documents are not liable for covenants of the Issuer. 
7. 
Payment Date, Payment Related Information 
The Issuer shall inform the holders of the Class B Notes, not later than on the "Servicer Report 
Performance Date" which is the 5th Business Day prior to each Payment Date, by means of the 
publication provided for under Condition 12, with reference to the Payment Date (as described below) 
of such month, as follows: 
(a) 
the repayment of the nominal amount payable on each Series of Class B Notes (if any) and 
the amount of interest calculated and payable on each Series of Class B Notes on the 
succeeding 25th day of such calendar month or, if this is not a Business Day, on the next 
following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (each respectively a "Payment 
Date"); 
(b) 
the nominal amount remaining outstanding on each Series of Class B Notes on each 
respective Payment Date and the amount of interest remaining unpaid, if any, on the Class 
B Notes of each Series as from such Payment Date; 
(c) 
the Notes Factor for each Series of Class B Notes; 
(d) 
the remaining Cash Collateral Amount; and 
(e) 
in the event of the final Payment Date with respect to a Series of Class B Notes, the fact that 
this is the last Payment Date. 
The Issuer shall make available for inspection by the holders of the Class B Notes, in its offices at 
Basisweg 10, 1043 AP Amsterdam, The Netherlands and during normal business hours, the 
documents from which the figures reported to the holders of the Class B Notes are calculated. 
8. 
Payments of Interest 
(a) 
Subject to the limitations set forth in Condition 5(c), the outstanding principal amount in 
respect of the Class B Notes shall bear interest from (and including) the Initial Issue Date 
until (and excluding) the day on which the principal amount has been reduced to zero.

--- Page 158 ---
- 158 - 
(b) 
Interest shall be paid in arrear on each Payment Date. The amount of interest payable in 
respect of the Class B Notes on any Payment Date shall be calculated based on all Notes 
outstanding for the relevant Series of Notes by the Interest Determination Agent by applying 
the Class B Notes Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Accrual Period to the principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes immediately prior to the relevant Payment Date and 
multiplying the result by the actual number of days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
divided by 360 and rounding the result to the nearest full cent, all as determined by U.S. 
Bank Europe DAC (the "Interest Determination Agent"). 
(c) 
The interest rate to be used for calculating the amount of interest payable pursuant to 
paragraph (c) shall be the EURIBOR rate for one month Euro deposits plus the relevant 
margin set out in the Relevant Final Terms (the "Margin") per annum, subject to a floor of 
zero, (the "Class B Notes Interest Rate"). Such determination shall also apply to the first 
Interest Accrual Period.  
(d) 
Accrued Interest not paid on the Class B Notes on the Payment Date related to the Interest 
Accrual Period in which it accrued, will be an "Interest Shortfall" with respect to the Class 
B Notes and will be carried over to the next Payment Date. 
9. 
Payment obligations, Agents 
(a) 
On each Payment Date the Issuer shall, subject to Condition 5(c), pay to each holder of a 
Class B Note interest at the Class B Notes Interest Rate on the Nominal Amount of the Class 
B Notes of such Series of Notes outstanding immediately prior to the respective Payment 
Date, and during the amortising period redeem the nominal amount of the Notes by applying 
the amount remaining thereafter in accordance with the Order of Priority. The record date 
means the close of business on the record date which is the Clearing System Business Day 
immediately prior to the date for payment, where Clearing System Business Days shall mean 
a Business Day. 
(b) 
Sums which are to be paid to the Class B Noteholders shall be rounded down to the next 
lowest cent for each of the Class B Notes. The amount of such rounding down to the next 
cent shall be used in the next following Payment Date and the surplus carried over to the 
following Payment Date. The Servicer shall be entitled to any amount resulting from rounding 
differences of less than EUR 500.00 remaining on the Final Maturity Date (as defined below). 
(c) 
Payments of principal and interest, if any, on the Class B Notes shall be made by the 
Principal Paying Agent on the Issuer's behalf for further payment to Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear or to their order for credit to the relevant account holders of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. All payments in respect of any Class B Note made 
by, or on behalf of, the Issuer to, or to the order of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
shall discharge the liability of the Issuer under such Class B Note to the extent of sums so 
paid.  
(d) 
The first Payment Date for the Class B Notes shall be as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The final payment of the then outstanding principal amount plus interest thereon is 
expected to take place on or before the Payment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the "Scheduled Repayment Date"). 
(e) 
Notwithstanding Condition 8(d), all payments of interest on and principal of the Class B Notes 
will be due and payable at the latest in full on the legal final maturity date of the Class B 
Notes, which shall be the Payment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Final 
Maturity Date"). 
(f) 
Provided that the Class B Noteholders have received a notice to that effect by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 12 and substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 to these 
Conditions no later than twenty (20) calendar days prior to the then current series revolving 
period expiration date (the "Series Revolving Period Expiration Date"), the holders of the 
Class B Notes, acting collectively, shall have the right to exercise by written notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Security Trustee and the Issuer in the form of Schedule 2 to

--- Page 159 ---
- 159 - 
these Conditions to be received not later than ten (10) calendar days immediately preceding 
the then current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date to request:  
(i) 
the extension of the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date for a period specified 
in the relevant notice, 
(ii) 
an amendment to the Margin, and 
(iii) 
the extension of the Final Maturity Date for a period to be specified in the relevant 
notice. 
Any amendments so requested shall become effective only if by no later than the third 
Business Day prior to the then current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, (A) the 
Issuer has confirmed by notice to the holders in the form prescribed by Condition 12 that it 
has received such reaffirmation and that it agrees to the requested amendments and (B) a 
Positive Buffer Release Amount exists and (C) by no later than the third (3rd) Business Day 
prior to the then current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, the Issuer has confirmed 
by notice to the holders in the form prescribed by Condition 12 that it has received such 
confirmation and that it agrees to the requested amendments and (D) that the Issuer and the 
Swap Counterparty have arranged sufficient interest hedging for the current Series 
Revolving Period Expiration Date. 
The Issuer shall procure that the amendments that have become effective in accordance 
with these provisions will be notified to the Principal Paying Agent for further communication 
to the Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg immediately after 
the notice from the holders of the relevant Series of Class B Notes has been given.  
(g) 
Payments of interest and principal shall be made from the Issuer's accounts with U.S. Bank 
Europe DAC (the "Account Bank") by the Principal Paying Agent, which may also include 
a substitute or alternative paying agent pursuant to Condition 9(e) without having to execute 
an affidavit or fulfil any formalities other than the compliance with tax, currency exchange or 
other regulations of the country where the payment takes place. The Issuer is entitled to 
transfer paid-in amounts to the Account Bank prior to the Payment Date and leave with the 
Account Bank any amounts not claimed by the Noteholders upon maturity.  
(h) 
In their capacity as such, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Registrar 
and the Interest Determination Agent, respectively, shall act solely as the agent of the Issuer 
and shall not maintain an agency or trust relationship with the holders of the Class B Notes. 
The Issuer may appoint a new principal paying agent, calculation agent, registrar and/or an 
interest determination agent, or if there are grounds to do so, appoint an alternative principal 
paying agent, calculation agent and/or an alternative interest determination agent and 
revoke the appointment of the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Interest Determination 
Agent as provided for in clause 11 of the Agency Agreement. Appointments and revocations 
thereof shall be announced pursuant to Condition 12. The Issuer will ensure that during the 
term of the Class B Notes and as long as the Class B Notes are listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange a paying agent, an interest determination agent and a 
calculation agent will be appointed at all times and will be released from the restrictions of 
Section 181 of the German Civil Code. 
10. 
Taxes 
Payments to the Class B Noteholders shall only be made after the deduction and withholding of 
current or future taxes, levies or government charges, regardless of their nature, which are imposed, 
raised or collected ("taxes") on the basis of the applicable laws of, or for the account of, an authority 
or government agency authorised to levy taxes or of any country which claims fiscal jurisdiction, to 
the extent that such a collection is prescribed by statute. The Issuer shall render an account of the 
deducted or withheld taxes accruing to the competent government agencies and shall, upon a 
Noteholder's request, provide proof thereof. It is not obligated to pay any additional amounts to settle 
tax claims.

--- Page 160 ---
- 160 - 
11. 
Replacement of Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer is at any time entitled to appoint another company (the "New Issuer") in place of 
the Issuer as debtor for all obligations arising from and in connection with the Class B Notes 
insofar as (i) the New Issuer assumes all rights and duties of the Issuer under or pursuant 
to the Class B Notes, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Issuer Facility Agreement, the 
Account Agreement, the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, the Trust Agreement, the 
Servicing Agreement, the Issuer Management Agreement, the Swap Agreements, the 
Agency Agreement, the Deposit Agreement and any Programme Document to which the 
Issuer is a party by means of an agreement with the Issuer; provided further, the Security is, 
upon the Issuer's replacement, to be held by the Security Trustee for the purpose of securing 
the obligations of the New Issuer, (ii) the holders of the Notes and the Subordinated Lender 
of the Subordinated Loan confirm that no further expenses or legal disadvantages of any 
kind arise for any of them from such an assumption of debt and this fact has been established 
in legal opinions which can be examined at the premises of the Principal Paying Agent, (iii) 
the New Issuer provides proof that it has obtained all of the necessary governmental 
approvals in the country in which it has its corporate seat and that it may fulfil all of the duties 
arising out of or in connection with the Trust Agreement without discrimination against the 
holders of the Notes or the Subordinated Lender of the Subordinated Loan as a whole, (iv) 
the Issuer and the New Issuer conclude such agreements and execute such documents 
which the Security Trustee considers necessary for the effectiveness of the replacement. 
The Issuer will notify the Rating Agencies on the replacement of the Issuer. Upon fulfilment 
of the aforementioned conditions the New Issuer shall in every respect replace the Issuer, 
and the Issuer shall be released from all obligations relating to the function of an issuer vis-
à-vis the holders of the Class B Notes under or in connection with the Class B Notes and the 
Subordinated Lender under or in connection with the Subordinated Loan. 
(b) 
Such replacement of the Issuer must be published in accordance with Condition 12. 
(c) 
In the event of such replacement of the Issuer, each reference to the Issuer in these 
Conditions of the Class B Notes shall be deemed to be a reference to the New Issuer. 
12. 
Notices 
All notices to the Noteholders regarding the Notes shall be (i) published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) as long as the Notes are listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require and (ii) be delivered to 
the applicable clearing systems for communication by them to the Noteholders. Any notice referred 
to under (ii) above shall be deemed to have been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after 
the day on which the said notice was delivered to the respective clearing system. Any notice referred 
to under (i) above shall be deemed to have been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after 
the day on which the said notice was published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). 
13. 
Miscellaneous
(a) 
The form and content of the Class B Notes and all of the rights and obligations of the holders 
of the Class B Notes, the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and the Servicer 
under these Class B Notes shall be subject in all respects to the laws of Germany. The 
Conditions of any Series of Class B Notes may only be modified through contractual 
agreement to be concluded between the Issuer and all holders of the relevant Series of Class 
B Notes with a prior notification to the Rating Agencies as provided for in Section 4 of the 
German Debenture Act (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen) or by 
a Noteholder’s resolution adopted with unanimous consent of the holders of any Series of 
Class B Notes pursuant to sections 5 to 22 of the aforementioned act. 
(b) 
Should any of the provisions hereof be or become invalid in whole or in part, the other 
provisions shall remain in force.

--- Page 161 ---
- 161 - 
(c) 
The place of performance and venue is Frankfurt am Main, Germany. The German courts 
have jurisdiction for the annulment of the Global Note in the event of loss or destruction. 
(d) 
For any legal proceedings brought in connection with these Conditions of the Notes which 
have been initiated against the Issuer in a court of Germany, the Issuer grants Rechtsanwalt 
Bernhard Faber, with its offices at Thomasiusstraße 11, 10557, Berlin, Germany, the 
authority to accept service of process. The Issuer undertakes to maintain an agent for 
accepting such service in the Federal Republic of Germany as long as any of the Class B 
Notes are outstanding. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, subject to giving ten (10) Business Days prior notice 
to the Noteholders and the Rating Agencies in writing, including by email, the Issuer will be 
entitled to amend any term or provision of the Conditions (except for the ranking of the Class 
B Notes, any security securing the Class B Notes, the Final Maturity Date, the Scheduled 
Repayment Date, the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, any Payment Date, the Class 
B Notes Interest Rate or the amount of payments of any principal), with the consent of the 
Security Trustee, but without the consent of any Noteholder, any Swap Counterparty, the 
Subordinated Lender, the Arranger, the Lead Manager or any other Person if it is advised 
by a third party authorised under Article 28 of the Securitisation Regulation or a reputable 
international law firm that such amendments are required for the Programme to comply with 
the Securitisation Regulation including the requirements for simple, transparent and 
standardised securitisations set out therein and in any regulatory technical standards 
adopted under the Securitisation Regulation.

--- Page 162 ---
- 162 - 
SCHEDULE 1 TO THE CLASS B NOTES
FORM OF NOTICE TO BE DELIVERED BY THE ISSUER TO THE HOLDERS OF THE CLASS B NOTES IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
CONDITION 9(F) 
Notice to the holders of the Class B Series 20xx-y Notes, issued by VCL Master Netherlands B.V. (the 
"Class B Notes"), to be given twenty (20) calendar days prior to the expiration of the Series Revolving 
Period Expiration Date  
Terms not defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the terms and conditions of the Class B 
Notes. 
Notice is hereby given to the holders of the Class B Notes that they shall have the right exercisable by written 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent, the Security Trustee and the Issuer to be received not later than on the 
tenth (10th) calendar day immediately preceding the then current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, to 
request: 
(i) 
the extension of the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date for a period to be specified in the 
relevant notice, 
(ii) 
an amendment to the Margin, and 
(iii) 
the extension of the Final Maturity Date for a period to be specified in the relevant notice. 
Amsterdam, [date] 
VCL Master Netherlands B.V.

--- Page 163 ---
- 163 - 
SCHEDULE 2 TO THE CLASS B NOTES
FORM OF NOTICE TO BE DELIVERED BY THE HOLDERS OF THE CLASS B NOTES TO THE PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT,
THE SECURITY TRUSTEE AND THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CONDITION 9(F) 
From: 
[Name, address, phone number and fax number of relevant holder] 
To: 
[Issuer] 
[Principal Paying Agent] 
[Security Trustee] 
Class B Notes, issued by VCL Master Netherlands B.V. (the "Notes") 
Dear Sirs, 
Terms not defined in herein shall have the meaning given to them in the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
Reference is made to Condition 9(f) of the terms and conditions of the above mentioned Class B Notes and 
the notice published on [date]. 
We hereby request: 
(i) 
the extension of the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date for a period of [to be inserted] so that 
the extended Series Revolving Period Expiration Date shall be [to be inserted], 
(ii) 
[to be inserted] as amended Margin with effect from (and including) the Payment Date falling in [to 
be inserted], and 
(iii) 
the extension of the Final Maturity Date for a period of [to be inserted] so that the extended Final 
Maturity Date shall be [to be inserted]. 
We hereby represent and warrant that as of the date of this notice:  
(i) 
we hold [] per cent. of the Notes outstanding on the date of this notice; and 
(ii) 
we will not sell or transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the Notes prior to the 25th Business Day 
after the date of this notice. 
We hereby acknowledge that the amendments requested above shall become effective only if (by no later 
than the third (3rd) Business Day prior to the then current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, the Issuer 
has confirmed by notice to us (as holders of the Class B Notes) in the form prescribed in Condition 12 that it 
has received such reaffirmation and that it agrees to the requested amendments and (C) that the Issuer and 
the Swap Counterparty have arranged sufficient interest hedging for the current Series Revolving Period 
Expiration Date. 
Kind regards, 
[name and signatures of holder]

--- Page 164 ---
- 164 - 
ANNEX A 
TRUST AGREEMENT 
The following is the text of the material terms of the Trust Agreement between, inter alia, the Issuer, the 
Security Trustee, the Foundation and the Seller. The text is attached to the Conditions as Annex A and 
constitutes an integral part of the Conditions – In case of any overlap or inconsistency in the definition of a 
term or expression in the Trust Agreement and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, the definition contained 
in the Conditions will prevail. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
1.1 
Definitions 
(a) 
Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalised terms shall have the respective meanings set 
forth in clause 1 (Definitions) of the Master Definitions Schedule ("Master Definitions 
Schedule") as set out in the Incorporated Terms Memorandum, dated the Signing Date, 
as amended from time to time (the "Incorporated Terms Memorandum") signed by, inter 
alios, the parties hereto. The terms of the Incorporated Terms Memorandum are hereby 
expressly incorporated into this Agreement by reference. 
(b) 
If there is any conflict between the Master Definitions Schedule and this Agreement, this 
Agreement shall prevail. 
1.2 
Interpretation 
Terms in this Agreement, except where otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, shall be 
interpreted in the same way as set forth in clause 2 (Interpretation) of the Master Definitions Schedule 
set out in the Incorporated Terms Memorandum. 
1.3 
Common Terms 
(a) 
Incorporation of Common Terms 
Except as provided below, the Common Terms set out in the Incorporated Terms 
Memorandum apply to this Agreement and shall be binding on the parties to this Agreement 
as if set out in full in this Agreement. 
(b) 
Common Terms 
If there is any conflict between the provisions of the Common Terms and the provisions of 
this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail, subject always to compliance 
with clauses 10.1 (Non-petition and limited recourse in favour of the Issuer),10.2 (Non-
petition and limited recourse in favour of the Series 2016-3 Class A Note Purchaser and the 
Series 2016-1 Class B Note Purchaser), 10.3 (Non-petition and limited recourse in favour of 
the Series 2016-4 Class A Note Purchaser) and 10.4 (Non-petition and limited recourse in 
favour of the Series 2021-1 Class A Note Purchaser) of the Common Terms. 
(c) 
Governing law and jurisdiction 
This Agreement and all matters (including non-contractual duties and claims) arising from or 
connected with it shall be governed by German law in accordance with clause 13.1 
(Governing law) of the Common Terms. Clause 14.1 (Jurisdiction) of the Common Terms 
applies to this Agreement as if set out in full in this Agreement. 
2. 
APPOINTMENT OF SECURITY TRUSTEE
The Security Trustee hereby agrees to act for the benefit of the Noteholders and the other 
Programme Creditors, in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, 
in particular clause 22.7 (Security Trustee's Rights and Obligations) below. When exercising its duties 
as set forth herein, the Security Trustee shall act in the best interests of each of the Programme 
Creditors taking into account the provisions of this Agreement and of the other Programme

--- Page 165 ---
- 165 - 
Documents to which it is a party. The Security Trustee will have the rights granted to it in this 
Agreement, the Conditions of the Notes and any other Programme Document to which it is a party. 
3. 
PARALLEL DEBT
3.1 
The Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally undertakes, to the extent necessary in advance, to pay, 
under the same terms and conditions as each of the Principal Obligations, to the Security Trustee an 
amount equal to the aggregate of each of the Principal Obligations owed by the Issuer to each 
Programme Creditor. Such a payment undertaking and the obligations and liabilities resulting from it 
to be referred to as the "Parallel Debt". 
3.2 
The Issuer and the Security Trustee acknowledge that: (i) the Parallel Debt constitutes undertakings, 
obligations and liabilities of the Issuer to the Security Trustee that are separate and independent from 
and without prejudice to the Principal Obligations of the Issuer to any Programme Creditor, and (ii) 
the Parallel Debt represents the Security Trustee's own claim (Forderung) to receive payment of the 
Parallel Debt from the Issuer, provided that the aggregate amount that may become due under the 
Parallel Debt will never exceed the aggregate amount that may become due under all of the Principal 
Obligations to the Programme Creditors, including, but not limited to, the Noteholders, pursuant to 
the Programme Documents, including the Notes, provided further that every payment in respect of 
such Programme Documents for the account of or made to the Programme Creditors directly shall 
operate in satisfaction pro tanto of the corresponding payment obligation in favour of the Security 
Trustee. 
3.3 
The aggregate amount due by the Issuer pursuant to the Parallel Debt under this clause 3 will be 
decreased to the extent the Issuer will have paid any amounts due to the Programme Creditors or to 
any of them, in order to reduce its outstanding Principal Obligations, or any Programme Creditor may 
otherwise have received any amount in payment of the Principal Obligations (other than under clause 
3.4), provided that such payment shall not subsequently be avoided or reduced by virtue of provisions 
or enactments relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, preference, liquidation or similar laws of general 
application. 
3.4 
The Parties agree that to the extent the Issuer will have paid any amounts to the Security Trustee 
under the Parallel Debt or the Security Trustee will have otherwise received monies in payment of 
the Parallel Debt, the aggregate amount due under the Principal Obligations will be decreased 
accordingly (other than under clause 3.3), provided that such payment shall not subsequently be 
avoided or reduced by virtue of provisions or enactments relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, 
preference, liquidation or similar laws of general application. 
3.5 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that the Issuer is in default in respect of the Principal 
Obligations the Issuer shall, at the same time, be deemed to be in default in respect of the Parallel 
Debt. 
3.6 
The right of the Issuer to make payments to the respective Programme Creditor shall remain 
unaffected. The Parallel Debt in whole or in part may be enforced separately from the relevant 
Programme Creditor’s claim related thereto. In the case of a payment pursuant to clause 3.1, the 
Issuer shall have a claim against the Security Trustee for on-payment to the respective Programme 
Creditors. 
4. 
SECURITY
The Issuer hereby agrees to enter into the Issuer Vehicles Pledge Agreement, the Lease Receivables 
Pledge Agreement, the Issuer Rights Pledge Agreement, the Security Assignment Deed and to grant 
a pledge pursuant to clause 15 (Pledge) and the Seller hereby agree to create the security rights 
envisaged under, and to enter into, the Sellers Vehicles Pledge Agreement, pursuant to which, in 
either case, the Issuer and the Seller shall create the Security, as security for the Secured 
Obligations.

--- Page 166 ---
- 166 - 
5. 
COMPLIANCE BY THE ISSUER
5.1 
The Issuer undertakes with the Security Trustee that it will, subject to the provisions of the other 
Programme Documents: 
(a) 
duly and punctually pay and discharge all monies and liabilities that are or at any time will 
be due and payable to the Security Trustee or any Programme Creditor under or in 
connection with the Notes and any other Programme Document to which it is a party; and 
(b) 
comply with and perform all its other obligations and liabilities under the Notes and any 
other Programme Document to which it is a party. 
5.2 
The Security Trustee shall be entitled to enforce the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and 
the Conditions of the Notes as if the same were set out and contained in this Agreement. 
6. 
CASH COLLATERAL ACCOUNT
6.1 
The Issuer has on the Closing Date established with the Account Bank the Cash Collateral Account 
to be used for the initial cash collateral in an amount equal to the General Cash Collateral Amount.  
On each Payment Date which is also an Issue Date, VWPFS will fund an increase of the Cash 
Collateral Account with an amount equal to the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance. 
The Issuer will deposit such funds in the Cash Collateral Account at the Account Bank and has 
agreed to keep these accounts at all times with a bank that has Account Bank Required Ratings. In 
the event that the Cash Collateral Account Bank ceases to have the Account Bank Required Ratings, 
the Issuer shall within sixty (60) calendar days procure transfer of the accounts held with it to an 
Eligible Collateral Bank notified to it by the Issuer. All funds in the Cash Collateral Account (except 
for any funds standing to the credit of the Maintenance Reserve Ledger and the Buffer Release 
Reserve Ledger) are referred to as the "Cash Collateral Amount". 
6.2 
On each Payment Date prior to the occurrence of a Enforcement Event, after the payment of interest 
on the Notes and certain other amounts payable by the Issuer, the Available Distribution Amount 
remaining after item sixth of the Order of Priority will be credited to the Cash Collateral Account 
pursuant to item seventh of the Order of Priority until the Cash Collateral Amount is equal to the 
Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance. On each Payment Date after the amounts 
standing to the credit of the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger have either been reduced to zero or no 
funding of the Buffer Release Reserve has been made so far, the Cash Collateral Amount shall be 
used to (i) cover any shortfalls in the amounts payable under the first to sixth items (inclusive) of the 
Order of Priority in clause 16.2(a) below, (ii) pay the amounts due and payable under clause 16.2(b) 
below and (iii) pay on the latest occurring Final Maturity Date of any Series of Notes all amounts 
payable pursuant to clause 16.2(a), also including the eighth, ninth, eleventh and twelfth items of the 
Order of Priority in clause 16.2(a) below. 
6.3 
Upon full and final discharge of all obligations under the Notes and the Subordinated Loan and upon 
fulfilment of all claims of all Programme Creditors, the Seller shall be entitled to the sums remaining 
in the Cash Collateral Account (including any amounts standing to the credit of the Maintenance 
Reserve Ledger and the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger). All interest accrued on the Cash Collateral 
Account shall be segregated and shall pro rata be paid to the Seller on an annual basis on the 
Payment Date falling in September of each calendar year. 
6.4 
The Cash Collateral Account will contain a Maintenance Reserve Ledger in which the Maintenance 
Reserve will be administered. The Maintenance Reserve serves to provide credit enhancement to 
cover potential Maintenance Costs relating to any associated Lease Agreement. The purpose of the 
Maintenance Reserve is to ensure that the Issuer will continue to be able to pay any amounts to be 
paid to third party garages and service providers (including any VAT thereon) for the provision of the 
Maintenance Services in relation to the Purchased Vehicles including any costs relating to an 
amendment of the vehicle registration (kentekenbewijzen) of the Purchased Vehicles and any 
insurance costs (collectively, "Maintenance Costs") relating to the Lease Agreements if and to the 
extent Maintenance Costs will not be paid by the Maintenance Coordinator.

--- Page 167 ---
- 167 - 
6.5 
If and to the extent the Seller in its capacity as Maintenance Coordinator does not cover any 
Maintenance Costs, an amount equal to such unpaid Maintenance Costs, if and to the extent standing 
to the credit of the Maintenance Reserve Ledger, will form part of the Available Distribution Amount 
and will, subject to and in accordance with the relevant Order of Priority, be applied towards payment 
of such Maintenance Costs. If and to the extent the Maintenance Reserve Amount will be applied 
towards the payment of any Maintenance Costs which are not settled by the Servicer, a 
corresponding amount shall be debited from the Maintenance Reserve Ledger. 
6.6 
Furthermore, the Cash Collateral Account will contain a Buffer Release Reserve Ledger in which the 
Buffer Release Reserve will be administered. The Buffer Release Reserve serves to provide credit 
enhancement to cover any payments to be made pursuant to items first to sixth of the Order of 
Priority, as set out in clause 16.2(a) below. The purpose of the Buffer Release Reserve is to ensure 
that the Issuer will continue to be able to make any payments pursuant to items first to sixth of the 
Order of Priority, as set out in clause 16.2(a) below, if and to the extent the Available Distribution 
Amount is not sufficient to cover any payments to be made pursuant to items first to sixth of the Order 
of Priority, as set out in clause 16.2(a) below, on any Payment Date.  
6.7 
If and to the extent the Available Distribution Amount is not sufficient to cover any payments to be 
made pursuant to items first to sixth of the Order of Priority, as set out in clause 16.2(a) below, an 
amount equal to any negative difference between the Available Distribution Amount and any 
payments to be made pursuant to items first to sixth of the Order of Priority, as set out in clause 
16.2(a) below, if and to the extent standing to the credit of the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger, will 
form part of the Available Distribution Amount and will, subject to and in accordance with the 
applicable Order of Priority, be applied towards items first to sixth of the Order of Priority, as set out 
in clause 16.2(a) below. For the sake of clarification, if and to the extent the Buffer Release Reserve 
has been funded, amounts standing to the credit of the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger shall be used 
to cover any shortfalls in the amounts payable under the first to sixth items (inclusive) of the Order of 
Priority prior to the use of the Cash Collateral Amount. 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT
7.1 
The Distribution Account shall be used for the fulfilment of the payment obligations of the Issuer. 
7.2 
The Issuer shall ensure that all payments made to it shall be made by way of a bank transfer to or 
deposit or in any other way into the Distribution Account. 
8. 
ACCUMULATION ACCOUNT
8.1 
The Accumulation Account shall be used on each Payment Date to collect moneys paid under items 
eighth and ninth of the Order of Priority set out in clause 16.2(a) (Order of Priority) below to fund 
Additional Issuer Advances under the Issuer Facility Agreement at any time after such Payment Date. 
During the Revolving Period, amounts on deposit in the Accumulation Account may be used by the 
Issuer for funding of Additional Issuer Advances. 
8.2 
Upon the occurrence (and continuation) of a Seller Event of Default, the Accumulation Account shall 
be closed on the subsequent Payment Date and any amounts on deposit in the Accumulation 
Account shall be transferred on the subsequent Payment Date to the Distribution Account. 
9. 
SWAP AGREEMENT
9.1 
The Issuer has entered into Swap Agreements to hedge the floating rate interest exposure on the 
respective Series of Notes. The Issuer may in the following situations and under the following 
conditions enter into new swap transactions:  
(a) 
The Issuer shall, as soon as practicable following the termination of a Swap Agreement, 
enter into replacement Swap Agreements with replacement Swap Counterparties in the 
event that a Swap Agreement is terminated prior to its scheduled expiration pursuant to an 
"event of default" (where the Swap Counterparty is the "defaulting party") or "termination 
event" under the respective Swap Agreement. The respective replacement Swap 
Agreement will have an initial notional amount equal to the applicable notional amount of

--- Page 168 ---
- 168 - 
the terminated Swap Agreement as at termination. The notional amount of the respective 
replacement Swap Agreement will decrease by the amount of any principal repayments on 
the relevant Series of Notes or increase by the amount of any principal increase on the 
relevant Series of Notes from time to time. 
(b) 
The Issuer will use reasonable efforts to enter into new interest rate Swap Agreements 
upon the issuance of further Series of Notes, provided that: 
(i) 
such new interest rate Swap Agreements are basically on the same terms and 
conditions as the existing Swap Agreements; and 
(ii) 
it is ensured that the notional amount under the new Swap Agreement will at all 
times be equal to the lower of (x) the maximum notional amount under the new swap 
Agreement and (y) the outstanding principal balance of the corresponding new 
issued Series of Notes. 
9.2 
In the event that the relevant Swap Counterparty is required to collateralise its obligations pursuant 
to the terms of the applicable Swap Agreement, the Security Trustee shall hold any cash and/or 
securities deposited in the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account in trust and will invest any 
cash amounts in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Swap Agreement. The Counterparty 
Downgrade Collateral Account shall be separated from the Distribution Account and from the general 
cash flow of the Issuer. The costs in relation to the opening of the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral 
Account shall be borne by the Swap Counterparty. If the Issuer incurs any liabilities, costs or 
expenses in connection with the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account, the Swap 
Counterparty shall reimburse the Issuer immediately upon request from the Issuer. The relevant 
Swap Counterparty shall notify the Rating Agencies without undue delay of the opening of any 
additional Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account. Collateral deposited in such Counterparty 
Downgrade Collateral Account shall not constitute Collections or Available Distribution Amounts. 
Amounts standing to the credit of the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account (or securities 
deposited therein) shall secure solely the payment obligations of the relevant Swap Counterparty to 
the Issuer under the applicable Swap Agreement. The amounts in the Counterparty Downgrade 
Collateral Account will not be available to Programme Creditors and will be applied (i) to pay return 
amounts of collateral which the Issuer is obliged to pay from time to time to the relevant Swap 
Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement, and (ii) in or towards 
satisfaction of the Swap Counterparty's obligations to the Issuer upon termination of the respective 
Swap Agreement. Any Excess Swap Collateral owing to the respective Swap Counterparty pursuant 
to the relevant Swap Agreement shall not be available to Programme Creditors. To the extent any 
amounts credited by the relevant Swap Counterparty into the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral 
Account are to be returned by the Issuer to such Swap Counterparty in accordance with the terms of 
the applicable Swap Agreement prior to the occurrence of a termination of the relevant Swap 
Agreement, such amounts shall be returned directly to the relevant Swap Counterparty outside of the 
applicable Order of Priority. 
9.3 
The Servicer shall calculate and provide, by delivery of the Monthly Investor Report, written 
notification to each Swap Counterparty, the Issuer and to the Security Trustee of the notional amount 
of each Swap Agreement as of each Payment Date on or before the Monthly Investor Report 
Performance Date in the month of the related Payment Date. The Interest Determination Agent shall 
provide the Servicer with the calculation of EURIBOR (as further described in the Agency 
Agreement). The Servicer shall provide the calculation of EURIBOR to the Issuer and the Security 
Trustee under this Agreement and shall calculate the amount, for each Payment Date, of all Net 
Swap Payments, Net Swap Receipts and Swap Termination Payments payable in accordance with 
clause 16 (Order of Priority) below on each Payment Date and shall provide written notification of 
such amounts to the Swap Counterparty, the Issuer and to the Security Trustee no later on the 
Monthly Investor Report Performance Date prior to such Payment Date. The parties hereto hereby 
acknowledge that with respect to the obligations under each Swap Agreement of the parties thereto, 
all calculations shall be performed by the calculation agent thereunder. 
9.4 
Any Swap Replacement Proceeds received by the Issuer or the Security Trustee on behalf of the 
Issuer from a replacement Swap Counterparty shall be remitted directly to the Counterparty 
Downgrade Collateral Account and shall be applied in payment of any Swap Termination Payments

--- Page 169 ---
- 169 - 
to the relevant Swap Counterparty under the initial Swap Agreement outside of the applicable Order 
of Priority. If Swap Replacement Proceeds are insufficient to pay in full the Swap Termination 
Payment due to the initial Swap Counterparty, any shortfall shall be paid in accordance with the 
applicable Order of Priority. If Swap Replacement Proceeds exceed the Swap Termination Payment 
due to the initial Swap Counterparty, any excess shall be treated as part of the Available Distribution 
Amount. 
9.5 
Any Swap Tax Credits will be applied to the relevant Swap Counterparty outside of the Order of 
Priority. 
10. 
ACCOUNTS
10.1 
The terms of the Accounts are set out in the respective Account Agreement. Should any Account 
Bank cease to have the Account Bank Required Ratings, the Account Bank shall notify the Issuer 
and the Security Trustee thereof and shall within sixty (60) calendar days from the loss of the Account 
Bank Required Rating (i) procure transfer of the accounts held with it to an Eligible Collateral Bank 
which is to be appointed by the Issuer once selected by the Account Bank, or (ii) find an irrevocable 
and unconditional guarantor providing the guarantee from an entity with Account Bank Required 
Rating, or (iii) take any other action in order to maintain the rating of the Notes or to restore the rating 
of the Notes. If within this sixty (60) calendar day period the measure set out above is not taken, the 
Issuer shall arrange the opening of the accounts with a Successor Bank pursuant to clause 10.2 and 
shall terminate the respective Account Agreement, effective to the date of the opening of the accounts 
with such Successor Bank. 
10.2 
Should one of the Accounts be terminated either by the Account Bank, or by the Issuer, the Issuer 
shall promptly inform the Security Trustee of such termination. The Issuer shall, together with the 
Security Trustee, open an account, on conditions as close as possible to those previously received, 
with the Successor Bank specified by the Security Trustee, which has at least the Account Bank 
Required Ratings and which is authorised to provide the services of the Account Bank under the 
Account Agreement to the Issuer. The Issuer shall conclude a new account agreement substantially 
in the form of the Account Agreement with the Successor Bank as counterparty and with the consent 
of the Security Trustee the new account agreement shall include a provision, in which the Successor 
Bank undertakes to promptly notify the other contract parties of any downgrade in its rating. 
10.3 
For the avoidance of doubt, in case one of the Accounts is at any time held with a Successor Bank, 
and the Issuer or the Security Trustee receives a notice pursuant to clause 10.1 with regard to the 
Successor Bank, then the procedure laid out in clause 10.1 and 10.2 shall also apply for such 
Successor Bank. 
11. 
REPAYMENT DURING REVOLVING PERIOD
No principal repayment will be made on the principal of the Notes during the Revolving Period, except 
(i) to the extent the relevant Series of Notes qualifies as an Amortising Series, or (ii) in the context of 
a disposal of assets by the Issuer as foreseen in Clause 14.1 (Clean-up Call Option / Sale of 
Purchased Vehicles to other Securitisation Vehicles) of the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, or (iii) 
in the context of a Term Takeout as foreseen in Clause 14.7 (Clean-up Call Option / Sale of 
Purchased Vehicles to other Securitisation Vehicles) of the Master Hire Purchase Agreement. 
12. 
ENFORCEMENT AND PROCEEDINGS
12.1 
The Security shall be subject to enforcement and/or foreclosure upon the occurrence of a Foreclosure 
Event, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Security Documents. With respect to 
clause 15 (Pledge), the prerequisites with regard to an enforcement of pledges (Pfandreife) under 
Sections 1273, 1204 et seqq. German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) are also to be met and 
the Security Trustee shall give the Issuer at least five (5) Business Days' prior written notice of its 
intention to realise the pledge granted under clause 15 (Pledge), unless the Issuer has ceased 
generally to pay its debts when due or when an application has been made for the institution of 
insolvency proceedings in respect of the assets of the Issuer by the Issuer or any third party, and, in 
the latter case, it is not without delay established that the application is without merit.

--- Page 170 ---
- 170 - 
12.2 
The Security Trustee shall without undue delay give notice to the Noteholders, the Rating Agencies 
and the Subordinated Lender of the occurrence of an Enforcement Event and act upon instruction of 
the Noteholders in the majority required for an Enforcement Event (whereby the votes of a Noteholder 
being VW Bank GmbH and its affiliates will not be taken into account). 
12.3 
After the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event and the delivery of the Enforcement Notice, the Security 
Trustee will, at its discretion (acting reasonably), unless instructed otherwise by the Noteholders in 
accordance with clause 12.4, foreclose or enforce or cause the foreclosure or the enforcement of the 
Security in accordance with this Agreement and the other Security Documents unless otherwise 
instructed by the Noteholders in accordance with clause 12.4. 
12.4 
Within fifteen (15) days after the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, the Security Trustee shall give 
notice to the Noteholders, the Subordinated Lender and each Swap Counterparty, specifying the 
manner in which it intends to foreclose and enforce the Security, in particular, whether it intends to 
sell (parts of) the secured assets, and apply the proceeds of such sale to satisfy the obligations of 
the Issuer, subject to the Order of Priority in clause 16 (Order of Priority). If, within sixty (60) days 
after such notice has been given, the Security Trustee receives written notice from a Noteholder or 
Noteholders representing more than 50 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes 
(whereby the votes of a Noteholder being VW Bank GmbH and its affiliates will not be taken into 
account), objecting to the action proposed in the Security Trustee's notice or directing the Security 
Trustee to take another measure to enforce the Security, the Security Trustee shall not undertake or 
shall cease undertaking such action (other than the collection of payments on the Accounts from the 
Security) or, as applicable, shall take such enforcement measure as directed in such notice. 
Furthermore, the Security Trustee is obliged to provide the Rating Agencies upon their request, with 
all relevant information pertaining to the Enforcement Event to the extent that such information is 
available to and may be disclosed by the Security Trustee. For the avoidance of doubt, the Security 
Trustee shall not be under any obligation to obtain information in order to be able to comply with a 
request made by a Rating Agency. Furthermore, upon the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, the 
Security Trustee is not automatically required to liquidate the Purchased Receivables at market 
value. 
12.5 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Security Trustee shall not be bound to take any action or proceedings 
as are stipulated in this clause 12, unless: 
(a) 
it shall have been directed to do so in accordance with the provisions thereof; and 
(b) 
it shall be indemnified by the Issuer to its satisfaction against all actions, proceedings, 
claims and demands to which it may thereby render itself liable and all costs, charges, 
damages and expenses which it may reasonably incur by doing so. 
12.6 
If at any time the Issuer's obligations under any Series of Notes have become immediately due and 
payable, the Security Trustee shall prepare: 
(a) 
the account of the Notes outstanding according to the records made available by the Cash 
Administrator, together with accrued but unpaid interest and any other amounts owed by 
the Issuer in respect of such Notes, including the Security Trustee's fee and indemnification 
for costs incurred by the Security Trustee; and 
(b) 
the account of all amounts due and payable to the other Programme Creditors according 
to the records made available by the Cash Administrator pursuant to the Account 
Agreement. 
The accounts made up by the Security Trustee, will constitute prima facie evidence of the matters 
reflected therein. 
12.7 
If at any time the Issuer's obligations under any Series of Notes have become immediately due and 
payable the Security Trustee may by written notice to the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent 
require the Principal Paying Agent, in accordance with the Agency Agreement:

--- Page 171 ---
- 171 - 
(a) 
to act as Principal Paying Agent of the Security Trustee in relation to payments to be made 
by or on behalf of the Security Trustee under this Agreement in accordance with the 
Conditions and the Agency Agreement (save that the Security Trustee's liability under any 
provision of the Agency Agreement for the indemnification of the Principal Paying Agent 
will be limited to the amounts received or recovered by the Security Trustee under the 
Security Documents, and subject to the Order of Priority provided in clause 16.2(c) (Order 
of Priority); 
(b) 
to hold on behalf of the Security Trustee all amounts, documents and records held by it in 
respect of the Notes; and 
(c) 
to deliver all Notes and all amounts, documents and records held by it in respect of the 
Notes to the Security Trustee, provided that such a notice will not apply to any documents 
or records that the Principal Paying Agent may not release under any applicable law or 
regulation. 
12.8 
Only the Security Trustee may enforce the Security created in favour of the Security Trustee pursuant 
to the Security Documents in accordance with the provisions thereof and enforce the provisions 
relating to the Issuer under or in connection with the Programme Documents (including the Notes). 
None of the Programme Creditors shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer for the 
purposes of such enforcement, unless the Security Trustee is required to take proceedings under 
this clause 12 but fails to do so within a reasonable period and such failure is continuing. If any of the 
Programme Creditors proceeds directly against the Issuer in accordance with the terms of this 
Agreement, all limitations and restrictions imposed under or by virtue of this Agreement, the Notes 
and any other Programme Document on the Security Trustee in relation to enforcement of rights and 
availability of remedies, shall mutatis mutandis also fully apply to such Programme Creditor. 
12.9 
Neither the Security Trustee nor any Programme Creditor may initiate or join anyone in initiating 
against the Issuer any bankruptcy (faillissement), moratorium of payment (surseance van betaling), 
dissolution (ontbinding) or any similar proceeding under any applicable law in any relevant jurisdiction 
until at least one (1) year after the latest maturing Note has been paid in full. 
13. 
PAYMENTS UPON OCCURRENCE OF THE ENFORCEMENT EVENT
13.1 
Upon the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, the Security may be claimed and enforced exclusively 
by the Security Trustee. All payments and enforcement proceeds from any Security shall after the 
occurrence of a Foreclosure Event only be made to the Security Trustee. The Security Trustee shall 
distribute the amounts it has received in this matter, as provided for in clause 16.2(c) (Order of 
Priority). 
13.2 
As of the Foreclosure Event, payments on the obligations of the Issuer may not be made as long as, 
in the opinion of the Security Trustee, such payment will jeopardise the fulfilment of any later maturing 
obligation of the Issuer with higher rank in accordance with the Order of Priority. 
13.3 
In the case of payments on the Notes or the Subordinated Loan, the Security Trustee shall provide 
the Noteholders and the Subordinated Lender with advance notice of the Payment Date pursuant to 
the Conditions of the Notes or the Subordinated Loan Agreement. In the case of such payment, the 
Security Trustee is only responsible for making the relevant amount available to the Principal Paying 
Agent. In order to do so, the Security Trustee shall rely on the records that each of the Relevant 
Clearing Systems holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer's interest in 
each Global Note.  
13.4 
After all obligations under the Programme Documents and the Notes have been finally discharged 
and paid in full, the Security Trustee shall pay out any remaining amounts to the Issuer. 
14. 
PLEDGE NOTIFICATION EVENTS
14.1 
In the event that the non-exercise of the Security Trustee of its disclosed rights of pledge over the 
Issuer Rights and the Distribution Account and the power to collect granted to the Issuer are 
terminated and/or upon the occurrence of a Pledge Notification Event as referred to in clause 7.2

--- Page 172 ---
- 172 - 
(Notification of the right of pledge) of the Lease Receivables Pledge Agreement, the Security Trustee 
shall forthwith open a bank account (the "Trustee Account"). The Security Trustee shall arrange 
that all monies received or to be received or otherwise recovered by the Security Trustee under the 
Lease Receivables Pledge Agreement, the Issuer Rights Pledge Agreement shall be paid into or 
transferred to the Trustee Account. 
14.2 
The Issuer shall upon the occurrence of a Pledge Notification Event as referred to in clause 7.2 
(Notification of the right of pledge) of the Lease Receivables Pledge Agreement and subsequent 
notification to the Lessees of the right of pledge created over the Lease Receivables in favour of the 
Security Trustee, as referred to in clause 7.2 (Notification of the right of pledge) of the Lease 
Receivables Pledge Agreement, direct the Lessees to pay the amounts due and payable by them in 
respect of the Lease Receivables to the Trustee Account. 
14.3 
In the event set forth in clause 14.1, the Security Trustee, until the occurrence of an Enforcement 
Event: 
(a) 
shall have the right to apply all monies received or recovered towards satisfaction of the 
amounts due by the Issuer in accordance with clause 16.2(a) and 16.2(b) (Order of 
Priority); or 
(b) 
may at its option, from time to time, for the sole purpose of enabling the Issuer to make 
payments in accordance with clauses 16.2(a) and 16.2(b) (Order of Priority), pay or procure 
payment of certain amounts from the Trustee Account, whilst for that sole purpose 
terminating its right of pledge in respect of the amounts so paid, to or in accordance with 
the instructions of the Issuer as owner, provided that the Issuer shall apply all amounts so 
received, or shall irrevocably instruct the Security Trustee (as pledgee) to apply such 
amounts on its behalf, in accordance with the provisions of clauses 16.2(a) and 16.2(b) 
(Order of Priority). 
15. 
ASSIGNMENT AND PLEDGE
15.1 
The Issuer hereby assigns to the Security Trustee for security purposes (Sicherungsabtretung) all its 
claims and other rights arising from the German Programme Documents (with the exception of claims 
and other rights arising from this Agreement, but including the rights to unilaterally alter a legal 
relationship (unselbständige Gestaltungsrechte)) and from all present and future German law 
contracts the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Notes, the Subordinated 
Loan, the Agency Agreement or the Programme Agreement. The Security Trustee hereby accepts 
such assignments. 
15.2 
The Issuer hereby pledges to the Security Trustee all its present and future claims against the 
Security Trustee arising under this Agreement as well as all present and future claims under each of 
the Accounts as set out in the Account Agreement. The Security Trustee hereby accepts such 
pledges. The Issuer hereby gives notice to the Account Bank of such pledge in accordance with 
Section 1280 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) and the Account Bank hereby 
confirms the receipt of such notice.  
15.3 
The assignment for security purposes pursuant to clause 15.1 and the pledge pursuant to clause 
15.2 serve to secure the Secured Obligations. In addition, the assignment pursuant to clause 15.1 is 
made for the purpose of securing the rights of the Programme Creditors against the Issuer arising 
under the Funding and the Programme Documents. 
15.4 
The assignments for security purposes pursuant to clause 15.1 are subject to the condition precedent 
that the German Programme Documents (and this Agreement) are signed. 
16. 
ORDER OF PRIORITY
16.1 
Prior to the full and unconditional discharge of all obligations of the Issuer to the Programme 
Creditors, any credit in the Distribution Account and the Cash Collateral Account (the "Credit") shall 
be distributed exclusively in accordance with clauses 6, 8, 16.2, 16.3 and 16.4 of this Agreement.

--- Page 173 ---
- 173 - 
16.2 
In respect of the Notes, distributions from the Available Distribution Amount will be made on each 
Payment Date according to the following Order of Priority: 
(a) 
on each Payment Date prior to the occurrence of an Enforcement Event: 
first, to the payment of (i) firstly, amounts due and payable in respect of taxes owing by the 
Issuer (other than Dutch corporate income tax in relation to the Issuer Profit Amount referred 
to under (ii) of this item) and (ii) secondly, amounts equal to the Issuer Profit Amount; 
second, until the earlier of the occurrence of (i) a Seller Event of Default and (ii) a 
Maintenance Coordinator Replacement Event, in or towards satisfaction of the Senior 
Maintenance Coordinator Fee to the Maintenance Coordinator; 
third, pari passu and on a pro rata basis, amounts due and payable by the Issuer (i) to the 
Directors in accordance with the Director Fee Letter, (ii) to the Servicer as Servicer Fee, (iii) 
to the replacement Maintenance Coordinator under the Servicing Agreement the 
Replacement Maintenance Coordinator Fee, if any (excluding the Senior Maintenance 
Coordinator Fee), (iv) to the Rating Agencies as fees for the monitoring, (v) to the Process 
Agent and the English Process Agent under the process agency agreements, (vi) to the 
Account Bank under the Account Agreement, (vii) to the Agents under the Agency 
Agreement, (viii) to the Data Protection Trustee under the Data Protection Trust Agreement; 
(ix) as costs relating to the listing of the Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the admission to trading of the Notes on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (x) as auditors' fees and legal counsel fees of the Issuer and 
Security Trustee, (xi) in respect of any administration costs and expenses of the Issuer, and 
(xii) to any other third parties providing services to the Issuer incurred in the Issuer's 
business, including any Maintenance Costs; 
fourth, pari passu and on a pro rata basis, amounts due and payable by the Issuer to the 
Swap Counterparties in respect of any Net Swap Payments or any Swap Termination 
Payments under a Swap Agreement (if any, and provided that a Swap Counterparty under 
the respective Swap Agreement is not a defaulting party (as defined in the respective Swap 
Agreement) and there has been no termination of the transaction under the Swap Agreement 
due to a termination event as a result of the respective Swap Counterparty’s downgrade); 
fifth, pari passu and pro rata to each other amounts due and payable in respect of (a) interest 
accrued on the Class A Notes during the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period plus 
(b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and pro rata as to each other on all series of Class 
A Notes; 
sixth, pari passu and pro rata to each other amounts due and payable in respect of (a) 
interest accrued on the Class B Notes during the immediately preceding Interest Accrual 
Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and pro rata as to each other on all 
series of Class B Notes; 
seventh, to the Cash Collateral Account, until the Cash Collateral Amount is equal to the 
Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance; 
eighth, pari passu and pro rata, in or towards payment of (a) the Amortisation Amounts to 
each Amortising Series of Class A Notes and (b) an amount equal to the Class A 
Accumulation Amount to the Accumulation Account maintained for Non-Amortising Series 
of Notes; 
ninth, pari passu and pro rata, in or towards payment of (a) the Amortisation Amounts to 
each Amortising Series of Class B Notes and (b) an amount equal to the Class B 
Accumulation Amount to the Accumulation Account maintained for Non-Amortising Series 
of Notes;

--- Page 174 ---
- 174 - 
tenth, pari passu and on a pro rata basis by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparties, any 
payments under the respective Swap Agreements other than those made under item fourth 
above; 
eleventh, pari passu and pro rata to each other in or towards payment to amounts due and 
payable in respect of (a) interest accrued on the Subordinated Loan during the immediately 
preceding Interest Accrual Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) on the Subordinated 
Loan; 
twelfth, to the Subordinated Lender to reduce the outstanding principal amount of the 
Subordinated Loan; and 
thirteenth, to the Seller all remaining excess by way of a final success fee. 
(b) 
Distribution will be made from the Cash Collateral Account on any Payment Date prior to 
the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, if and to the extent the Cash Collateral Amount 
exceeds the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance and no Credit 
Enhancement Increase Condition is in effect, according to the following Order of Priority, 
provided that for any Payment Date on which a Term Takeout takes place, the Specified 
General Cash Collateral Account Balance shall be calculated using the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes following the redemption of the Notes that occurs 
on such Payment Date as a result of such Term Takeout, provided further that for any 
Payment Date on which Further Notes are issued, the credit balance of the Cash Collateral 
Account shall exceed the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance by an 
amount attributable to the increase in the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the 
Notes following the issue of Further Notes:  
first, to the Subordinated Lender, amounts payable in respect of accrued and unpaid interest 
on the Subordinated Loan (including, without limitation, overdue interest); 
second, to the Subordinated Lender an amount necessary to reduce the outstanding 
principal amount of the Subordinated Loan; and 
third, to the Seller all remaining excess by way of a final success fee. 
Investment earnings on deposits in the Cash Collateral Account shall be remitted to the 
Seller on a monthly basis. 
(c) 
Following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, distributions will be made by the 
Security Trustee from the Available Distribution Amount and from any amounts standing 
to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account, and according to the following Order of Priority: 
first, to the payment of (i) firstly, amounts due and payable in respect of taxes owing by the 
Issuer (other than Dutch corporate income tax in relation to  the Issuer Profit Amount referred 
to under (ii) of this item) and (ii) secondly, amounts equal to the Issuer Profit Amount; 
second, until the earlier of the occurrence of (i) a Seller Event of Default and (ii) a 
Maintenance Coordinator Replacement Event, in or towards satisfaction of the Senior 
Maintenance Coordinator Fee to the Maintenance Coordinator; 
third, pari passu and pro rata, amounts due and payable by the Issuer (i) to the Directors in 
accordance with the Director Fee Letter, (ii) to the Servicer as Servicer Fee, (iii) to the 
replacement Maintenance Coordinator under the Servicing Agreement the Replacement 
Maintenance Coordinator Fee, if any (excluding the Senior Maintenance Coordinator Fee), 
(iv) to the Rating Agencies as fees for the monitoring, (v) to the Process Agent and English 
Process Agent under the process agency agreements, (vi) to the Account Bank under the 
Account Agreement, (vii) to the Agents under the Agency Agreement, (viii) to the Data 
Protection Trustee under the Data Protection Trust Agreement; (ix) as costs relating to the 
listing of the Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the admission 
to trading of the Notes on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (x) as

--- Page 175 ---
- 175 - 
auditors' fees and legal counsel fees of the Issuer and Security Trustee, (xi) in respect of 
any administration costs and expenses of the Issuer, and (xii) to any other third parties 
providing services to the Issuer incurred in the Issuer's business, including any Maintenance 
Costs; 
fourth, pari passu and on a pro rata basis, amounts due and payable by the Issuer to the 
Swap Counterparties in respect of any Net Swap Payments or any Swap Termination 
Payments under a Swap Agreement (if any, and provided that a Swap Counterparty under 
the respective Swap Agreement is not a defaulting party (as defined in the respective Swap 
Agreement) and there has been no termination of the transaction under the Swap Agreement 
due to a termination event as a result of the respective Swap Counterparty’s downgrade); 
fifth, pari passu and pro rata to each other amounts due and payable in respect of (a) interest 
accrued on the Class A Notes during the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period plus 
(b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and pro rata as to each other on all series of Class 
A Notes; 
sixth, pari passu and pro rata to the holders of Class A Notes in respect of principal until the 
Class A Notes are redeemed in full; 
seventh, pari passu and pro rata to each other amounts due and payable in respect of (a) 
interest accrued on the Class B Notes during the immediately preceding Interest Accrual 
Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and pro rata as to each other on all 
series of Class B Notes; 
eighth, pari passu and pro rata to the holders of Class B Notes in respect of principal until 
the Class B Notes are redeemed in full; 
ninth, pari passu and on a pro rata basis by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparties, any 
payments under the respective Swap Agreements other than those made under item fourth 
above; 
tenth, amounts due and payable in respect of (a) interest accrued on the Subordinated Loan 
during the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) 
on the Subordinated Loan; 
eleventh, to the Subordinated Lender until the Subordinated Loan has been redeemed in 
full; and 
twelfth, to the Seller all remaining excess by way of a final success fee.  
16.3 
Notwithstanding the provisions of clause 16.2(a) (Order of Priority) amounts due and payable under 
items first through third may be paid once a Monthly Period on any date other than a Payment Date 
from any funds available on the Distribution Account in the Order of Priority. 
16.4 
Any amounts standing to the credit of the Trustee Account, the Distribution Account and any other 
account the Issuer and/or the Security Trustee may have, will, after satisfaction, in accordance with 
the provisions of clause 16.2(a) (Order of Priority), of all Secured Obligations, be applied, in 
accordance with the provisions of clause 16.2(a) (Order of Priority), in satisfaction of the Secured 
Obligations becoming due and payable to the Security Trustee in the future as and when they 
become due and payable, and, provided however that in the event no Secured Obligations are, and 
at no time in the future will become, due and payable, the balance, if any, will be paid to the Issuer. 
16.5 
Notwithstanding the provisions of clauses 16.1 through 16.4, (i) any proceeds (excluding any interest 
accrued) arising from a Term Takeout shall not be distributed according to the Order of Priority but 
shall be distributed  
first, pari passu and on a pro rata basis to the holders of the then outstanding Class A Notes, provided 
that amounts distributed to a specific Series of Class A Notes exceeding the amount required to 
redeem such Series in full shall be distributed to the other Series of Class A Notes, whereas in case

--- Page 176 ---
- 176 - 
of Non-Amortising Series of Class A Notes, any redemption payments shall be made in a way to 
redeem a certain number of Notes in their principal amount of Euro 100,000, until the Redeemable 
Amount of all then outstanding Class A Notes has been redeemed in full;  
second, pari passu to the holders of the then outstanding Class B Notes, provided that amounts 
distributed to a specific Series of Class B Notes exceeding the amount required to redeem such 
Series in full shall be distributed to the other Series of Class B Notes, whereas in case of Non-
Amortising Series of Class B Notes, any redemption payments shall be made in a way to redeem a 
certain number of Notes in their principal amount of Euro 100,000, until the Redeemable Amount of 
all then outstanding Class B Notes has been redeemed in full;  
third to the Subordinated Lender; and 
fourth to the Seller by way of an additional success fee. 
17. 
RELATION TO THIRD PARTIES; OVERPAYMENT
17.1 
In respect of the Security, the Order of Priority shall be binding on all Programme Creditors of the 
Issuer. In respect of other assets of the Issuer, such Order of Priority shall only be applicable internally 
between the Programme Creditors, the Security Trustee and the Issuer; in third party relationships, 
the rights of the Programme Creditors and the Security Trustee shall have equal rank to those of the 
third-party creditors of the Issuer.  
17.2 
The Orders of Priority set forth in clause 16 (Order of Priority) shall also be applicable if the claims 
are transferred to a third party by assignment, subrogation into a contract, transfer of contract or 
otherwise. 
17.3 
All payments to Programme Creditors shall be subject to the condition that, if a payment is made to 
a Programme Creditor in breach of the Order of Priority such Programme Creditor shall repay - with 
commercial effect to the relevant Payment Date - the received amount to the Security Trustee; the 
Security Trustee shall then pay - with commercial effect to the relevant Payment Date - such moneys 
received in the way that they were payable in accordance with the aforementioned Order of Priority 
on the relevant Payment Date. If such non-complying payment is not repaid on the relevant Payment 
Date by such Programme Creditor, following the non-complying payment or if the claim to repayment 
is not enforceable, the Security Trustee is authorised and obliged to adapt the distribution provisions 
pursuant to clause 16 (Order of Priority) in such a way that any over- or underpayments made in 
breach of clause 16 (Order of Priority) are set off by correspondingly increased or decreased 
payments on such Payment Date (and, to the extent necessary, on all subsequent Payment Dates). 
18. 
NOTICE OF PAYMENTS
The Security Trustee shall give notice, or procure that notice is given, to the Noteholders or, as the 
case may be, the Noteholders of the relevant Series of Notes in accordance with Condition 12 
(Notices), and, following an Enforcement Notice, to the other Programme Creditors in accordance 
with the relevant Programme Document, of the day fixed for payment to them under the relevant 
Programme Document. Such a payment may be made as provided in the relevant Programme 
Document and any payment so made will constitute a valid discharge pro tanto to the Security 
Trustee. 
19. 
REMUNERATION AND LIABILITY
19.1 
The Issuer shall pay to the Trustee Director an annual fee for its services as set forth in and in the 
manner as set forth in the Director Fee Letter, subject to and in accordance with the Order of Priority. 
19.2 
Upon the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event or a default of any party (other than the Security Trustee) 
to a Programme Document which results in that the Security Trustee undertaking additional tasks, 
the Issuer shall pay or procure to be paid to the Trustee Director such additional remuneration as 
shall be agreed between the Issuer and the Trustee Director. In the event that the Issuer and the 
Security Trustee fail to agree as to whether and/or in which amount an additional remuneration shall 
be payable in accordance with the preceding sentence, such matters shall be determined by a bank,

--- Page 177 ---
- 177 - 
financial services institution or auditing firm of recognised standing (acting as an expert and not as 
an arbitrator) jointly determined by the Issuer and the Security Trustee. The determination made by 
such expert shall be final and binding upon the Issuer and the Security Trustee. It is understood that 
the additional tasks to be performed by the Security Trustee will not be delayed, but instead will be 
continued as if the Issuer and the Security Trustee would have agreed on a fee immediately. 
19.3 
The Issuer shall bear all reasonable costs and disbursements (including costs for legal advice and 
costs of other experts) incurred by the Security Trustee in connection with the performance of its 
respective duties under this Agreement, including the costs and disbursements in connection with 
the creation, holding, and foreclosure on the Security. 
20. 
Representations of the Issuer 
20.1 
The Issuer represents and warrants to the Security Trustee that:
(a) 
the Security has not already been assigned or pledged to a third party; and 
(b) 
the Issuer has not established any third-party rights on or in connection with the Security. 
20.2 
The Issuer has and will continue to have its centre of main interest (as that term is used in article 3(1) 
of the EU Insolvency Regulation in The Netherlands and has no establishment (being a place of 
operations where a company carries out non-transitory economic activity with human means and 
goods) as referred to in the EU Insolvency Regulation outside of The Netherlands. 
20.3 
The Issuer shall pay damages pursuant to sections 280(1) and 280(3) of the German Civil Code 
(Schadensersatz statt der Leistung) if the legal existence of the Security transferred for security 
purposes in accordance with this Agreement is invalid as a consequence of any action or omission 
by the Issuer contrary to clause 20.1. 
21. 
Representations of the Security Trustee  
The Security Trustee represents and warrants to the Issuer that it is legally competent and in a 
position to perform the duties assigned to it in this Agreement in accordance with the provisions of 
this Agreement. 
22. 
SECURITY TRUSTEE'S RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS
22.1 
The Security Trustee will have all rights and powers conferred on it in this Agreement and in any 
Programme Document to which it is a party and such powers incidental thereto which it will exercise 
in accordance with and subject to the provisions of this Agreement and the Programme Documents. 
In particular, the Security Trustee may: 
(a) 
grant or release security interests if required in connection with any Programme Document 
for the purpose of administering the security created under the Security Documents or 
liquidating that security, on such terms and conditions as it may deem appropriate;  
(b) 
retain such cash balances as it from time to time may deem to be in the best interest of the 
Programme Creditors, credit any monies received or recovered by it under the Security 
Documents to the Trustee Account or any other account, and hold such monies in such an 
account for so long as it may think fit (at such an interest rate, if any, as it may think fit) 
pending their application from time to time in accordance with this Agreement; 
(c) 
prepare, sign and acknowledge any documents that may be necessary or appropriate to 
exercise its rights and powers under this Agreement; 
(d) 
settle, compromise or litigate any claims due by it or owing to it, and initiate or defend 
proceedings; 
(e) 
determine all questions and doubts arising under this Agreement and every such 
determination made in good faith will be binding on the Programme Creditors, whether or 
not relating to any action taken by the Security Trustee;

--- Page 178 ---
- 178 - 
(f) 
take all action, bring all proceedings and exercise all rights and powers as it may deem 
appropriate for the purposes of this Agreement; and 
(g) 
notify each Rating Agency and/or any party to any Programme Document if and to the 
extent required under any of the Programme Documents. 
22.2 
The Security Trustee may rely on the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg in relation 
to any determination of the Principal Amount Outstanding of each Global Note. 
22.3 
The Security Trustee shall (i) exercise its duties without the assistance or intervention of the 
Programme Creditors, and (ii) act on behalf of the Programme Creditors and represent the 
Programme Creditors whenever required in its capacity of Security Trustee. 
22.4 
The Security Trustee need not take any action that may involve expenses, unless it is granted 
reasonable security for or indemnity against all costs involved by the Issuer, the Programme Creditors 
or others. 
22.5 
The Security Trustee will not be liable for any breach of its obligations under this Agreement in the 
absence of gross negligence (grobe Fahrlässigkeit), or wilful misconduct (Vorsatz). The Security 
Trustee will not be liable for any act or negligence of persons or institutions selected by it in good 
faith. 
22.6 
The Security Trustee will not be liable for any action taken in accordance with a resolution purporting 
to have been passed at a meeting of any Noteholders of the relevant Series, of which resolution 
minutes have been made and signed, even if after the action taken by the Security Trustee it is found 
that there was some defect in the convening of the meeting or the passing of the resolution or that 
for any reason the resolution was not binding on the Noteholders. 
22.7 
Any consent or approval given by the Security Trustee for the purposes of this Agreement may be 
given on such terms and conditions as it may think fit. The Security Trustee shall have regard to the 
interests of the Programme Creditors, provided that the Order of Priority set forth in this Agreement 
determines the interest of which Programme Creditor prevails. In exercising its rights and powers the 
Security Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the Noteholders and need not have regard to 
the consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders. Neither the Security Trustee nor any 
of the Noteholders may require or claim from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of 
any tax or other consequence of any such exercise on an individual Noteholder. Without prejudice to 
the applicable Order of Priority, the Security Trustee shall exercise its duties under this Agreement 
with regard (i) as long as any of the Class A Notes are outstanding, only to the interests of the Class 
A Noteholders and (ii) if no Class A Notes remain outstanding, only to the interests of the Class B 
Noteholders.
23. 
APPOINTMENT, RETIREMENT OR REMOVAL IN RESPECT OF SECURITY TRUSTEE AND THE TRUSTEE DIRECTOR
23.1 
Until all amounts payable by the Issuer under the Secured Obligations have been paid in full, the 
Security Trustee will not retire or be removed from its duties under this Agreement. 
23.2 
Any Trustee Director to be appointed after the date of this Agreement, shall be appointed by the 
Noteholders. The Noteholders may remove the Trustee Director, provided that the other Programme 
Creditors have been consulted. Any trustee director so removed will not be responsible for any costs 
or expenses arising from any such removal. Before any trustee directors of the Security Trustee are 
so removed, the Issuer will procure that successor trustee directors are appointed in accordance with 
the Security Trustee's articles of association as soon as reasonably practicable. The removal of a 
trustee director of the Security Trustee will not become effective until a successor trustee director is 
appointed. 
23.3 
The Issuer shall be authorised to and shall replace the Security Trustee with a reputable bank or a 
reputable German auditing company and/or law firm and/or a fiduciary company that is experienced 
in the business of security trusteeship in The Netherlands, if the Issuer has been so instructed in 
writing by a Noteholder or Noteholders owning at least 25 per cent. of the aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of all Notes or by the Subordinated Lender. The Issuer shall notify the Seller and

--- Page 179 ---
- 179 - 
the Rating Agencies within 30 days upon receipt of such request to replace the Security Trustee on 
the request to replace the Security Trustee. 
24. 
ANNUAL REPORT
The Security Trustee will, at the Issuer's expense, make available for public inspection, at the Security 
Trustee's Amsterdam office and at the Principal Paying Agent's specified office, copies of the Security 
Trustee's balance sheet for the preceding calendar year, and a written report of its activities during 
that calendar year. The Security Trustee will send a copy of such documents to each Rating Agency 
within the legally required period for depositing such documents with the Trade Register. 
25. 
INDEMNITY, REIMBURSEMENT AND TAX
25.1 
The Issuer shall indemnify the Security Trustee (and every manager, agent, delegate or other person 
appointed by Security Trustee in accordance with this Agreement) against all liabilities, costs and 
expenses incurred by it in the exercise or purported exercise of its rights and powers under or in 
connection with this Agreement. The Issuer shall on first demand reimburse the Security Trustee in 
respect of any amounts paid by the Security Trustee under or in connection with this Agreement. 
25.2 
The Issuer will pay all stamp and other similar duties or taxes payable by the Security Trustee, if any, 
which arise in connection with: 
(a) 
the signing of the Programme Documents and the creation of security interests under the 
Security Documents; 
(b) 
the constitution and original issue and delivery of the Notes; or 
(c) 
any action taken by the Security Trustee to enforce the Notes, this Agreement, any Security 
Document or any other Programme Document. 
26. 
UNDERTAKINGS OF THE ISSUER
26.1 
Until all amounts payable by the Issuer under the Notes and the Programme Documents have been 
paid in full, the Issuer shall: 
(a) 
at all times carry on and conduct its affairs in a proper and efficient manner, perform all of 
its obligations under the Programme Documents and comply with all requirements of any 
applicable law or regulation applicable to it; 
(b) 
at all times continue its corporate existence under the laws of The Netherlands and conduct 
its business in accordance with its articles of association and the Programme Documents; 
(c) 
cause to be prepared and certified by its auditors for each financial year, accounts in such 
form as will comply with the requirements of  accounting principles applicable in The 
Netherlands applicable on the Issuer, such other laws and regulations applicable on the 
Issuer and/or the regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, for as long as the Notes 
are listed there, or the rules of any relevant stock exchange or securities market where the 
Notes will be listed from time to time (if any); 
(d) 
give the Security Trustee such additional information and evidence as it shall reasonably 
require and in such form as it shall reasonably require for the purposes of its obligations 
under this Agreement, any other Programme Document or by operation of law; 
(e) 
notify the Security Trustee in writing of its intention to pursue a Term Takeout; 
(f) 
notify the Security Trustee in writing promptly on becoming aware of the occurrence of a 
Foreclosure Event or an Enforcement Event; 
(g) 
deliver to the Security Trustee (for the purpose of calculating the Principal Amount 
Outstanding under the Notes) within three (3) Business Days of the Security Trustee's

--- Page 180 ---
- 180 - 
request a certificate signed by the Issuer Director, setting out the number and aggregate 
outstanding principal amount: 
(i) 
of the Notes that have been purchased by the Issuer and cancelled until and 
including the date of the certificate; or 
(ii) 
of the Notes then held by or for the benefit of the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent; 
(h) 
deliver to the Security Trustee (i) within seven (7) days at the request of the Security 
Trustee, and (ii) (without the requirement of such a request) after the Security Trustee's 
audited accounts become available for each financial period, within one hundred eighty 
(180) days of the end of each such financial period, a certificate signed by the Issuer 
Director, confirming that: 
(i) 
since the date of the previous certificate or this Agreement, no Issuer Event of 
Default in respect of the Notes has occurred or is continuing (or specifying any 
Issuer Event of Default that has occurred); and 
(ii) 
from the date of the previous certificate or this Agreement, the Issuer has complied 
with all its obligations under the Programme Documents (or specifying any 
obligations with which it has not complied); 
(i) 
give each Rating Agency such additional information and evidence as they shall 
reasonably require and in such form as they shall reasonably require for the purposes of 
its obligations in connection with the Programme or by operation of law; 
(j) 
procure that the Principal Paying Agent will notify the Security Trustee immediately if it 
does not receive, on or before the due date for repayment of the Notes, unconditional 
payment (in accordance with the Agency Agreement) of the full amount of the amounts 
payable on that due date under all such Notes; 
(k) 
if the unconditional payment to the Principal Paying Agent of any sum due under the Notes 
is made after its due date, promptly give or procure to be given notice to the Noteholders 
of the relevant Series in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) that such payment has 
been made; 
(l) 
apply or procure that the Cash Administrator will apply all amounts received by it in 
accordance with this Agreement and the other relevant Programme Documents; 
(m) 
obtain the Security Trustee's prior written approval for, and promptly supply to it two (2) 
copies of, the form of every notice given to the Noteholders (including any balance sheet, 
profit and loss account, report, circular, notice of general Noteholders meeting, and any 
other document sent to the Noteholders of any Series of them), except for notices under 
(n); 
(n) 
comply with and perform all its obligations under the Agency Agreement and use its 
reasonable endeavours to procure that the Agents comply with and performs all their 
obligations under it; 
(o) 
maintain the listing of the Notes on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or, if it is unable to 
do so, obtain and maintain a quotation or listing of the Notes on such other stock exchange 
or exchanges or securities market as it may decide, subject to the prior written approval of 
the Security Trustee, and at all times supply to any such stock exchange or securities 
market, including the CSSF, such information and documents and take such action as such 
stock exchange or securities market may demand in accordance with its requirements; 
(p) 
at all times comply with the requirements set out in: 
(i) 
the laws and regulations applicable on it;

--- Page 181 ---
- 181 - 
(ii) 
the provisions of all applicable decrees, rules, regulations and statements of policy 
of any relevant Governmental Authority or Authorities in The Netherlands and 
Luxembourg; and 
(iii) 
any listing rules; 
(q) 
upon the occurrence of a Pledge Notification Event as referred to in clause 7.2 of the Lease 
Receivables Pledge Agreement, notify the right of pledge in accordance with clause 7 
(Notification of the Right of Pledge) of the Lease Receivables Pledge Agreement to the 
Lessees and the Issuer hereby grants an irrevocable power of attorney to the Security 
Trustee to make the notifications referred to above on its behalf;  
(r) 
procure that the Issuer Director will be a director independent from the Issuer; 
(s) 
maintain books and records separate from any other person or entity and shall at all times 
keep proper books of account in accordance with its obligations under Dutch law; 
(t) 
maintain accounts separate from any other person or entity;  
(u) 
conduct its own business in its own name; 
(v) 
use separate stationery and invoices; 
(w) 
hold itself out as a separate entity and correct any known misunderstanding regarding its 
separate identity; 
(x) 
not pay dividends or make any other distribution to its shareholders; and 
(y) 
not open new accounts (other than contemplated in the Programme Documents). 
26.2 
Until all amounts payable by the Issuer under the Notes and the Programme Documents have been 
paid in full, the Issuer shall not, without the prior written consent of the Security Trustee or save as 
contemplated in the Programme Documents: 
(a) 
have any employees or premises or have any subsidiary or subsidiary undertaking; 
(b) 
engage in any activity whatsoever which is not incidental to or necessary in connection 
with, any of the activities which the Programme Documents provide or envisage that the 
Issuer will engage in; 
(c) 
incur or permit to subsist any indebtedness in respect of borrowed money whatsoever or 
give any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any indebtedness; 
(d) 
create any security over its assets for the benefit of any entity or make loans or advances 
to any entity, except for the security created under the Programme Documents or as 
otherwise permitted under the Programme Documents; 
(e) 
consolidate or merge; 
(f) 
amend its articles of association; 
(g) 
permit its assets to become commingled with those of any other party;  
(h) 
waive, modify or amend, or consent to any waiver, modification or amendment of, any 
provisions of any of the Programme Documents and provided that each Rating Agency: 
(i) 
has been notified of such transfer; and 
(ii) 
by the 15th day after it was notified has not indicated: 
(A) 
which conditions are to be met before it is in a position to approve the 
transfer; or

--- Page 182 ---
- 182 - 
(B) 
that its then current ratings of the Class A Notes will be adversely affected 
by or withdrawn as a result of such waiver, modification or amendment,  
unless such waiver, modification or amendment is of a formal, minor or technical nature or 
is made to correct a manifest error and is notified to each Rating Agency (for the avoidance 
of doubt, such waiver, modification or amendment can be sent via emails); and 
(i) 
take action (including any instruction, decision or approval) to dissolve the Issuer or to 
enter into a legal merger or legal demerger involving the Issuer, or to request the court to 
grant a suspension of payments (surseance van betaling) or to declare the bankruptcy 
(faillissement) of the Issuer or to enter into any analogous insolvency proceedings under 
any applicable law involving the Issuer. 
27. 
UNDERTAKINGS OF THE FOUNDATION
Until all amounts payable by the Issuer under the Notes and under any of the other Programme 
Documents to which the Issuer is a party have been paid or written off in full, the Foundation shall: 
(a) 
not amend the articles of association of the Issuer, without the prior written consent of the 
Security Trustee; 
(b) 
be and continue to be the sole shareholder of the Issuer;  
(c) 
procure that the Issuer Director will be an independent director; 
(d) 
not resolve (i) to issue any additional shares in the capital of the Issuer or (ii) to transfer 
shares in the capital of the Issuer or (iii) to grant rights to third parties to acquire shares in 
the capital of the Issuer or (iv) to pledge, dispose of or encumber in any other way the 
shares in the capital of the Issuer; 
(e) 
exercise its voting and other shareholder rights and powers (if any) in accordance with the 
Issuer's obligations under the Programme Documents and/or as otherwise instructed by 
the Security Trustee; 
(f) 
not take action (including any instruction, decision or approval) to dissolve the Issuer, enter 
into a legal merger or legal demerger involving the Issuer or to have the Issuer request the 
court to grant a suspension of payments or to declare its bankruptcy or to have the Issuer 
enter into any analogous insolvency proceedings under any applicable law; and 
(g) 
not enter into a legal merger or legal demerger involving the Issuer. 
28. 
REDEMPTION FOLLOWING CLEAN-UP CALL 
On the Payment Date following the exercise by the Seller of the Clean-Up Call Option pursuant to 
clause 13.2 (Clean-Up Call Option) of the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, the Issuer shall redeem, 
all (but not only part of) the Notes at their Principal Amount Outstanding plus accrued but unpaid 
interest thereon, after payment of the amounts to be paid in priority to redemption of the Notes. 
29. 
MODIFICATION, CONSENTS AND WAIVERS
29.1 
The Security Trustee may agree, without the Programme Creditors' consent, to make: 
(a) 
any modification of any provision of this Agreement, the Notes or any other Programme 
Document that is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest 
error; and 
(b) 
any other modification, and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, 
of any provision of this Agreement, the Notes, the Issuer's articles of association or any 
other Programme Document or any document in connection with the Programme 
Documents that the Security Trustee regards as not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Programme Creditors.

--- Page 183 ---
- 183 - 
29.2 
Any modification, authorisation or waiver in accordance with clause 29.1 shall be binding on the 
Noteholder and, if the Security Trustee so requires, such modification shall be notified to the 
Noteholder in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) as soon as practicable. 
(a) 
The Swap Counterparty and the Issuer shall be entitled:  
(i) 
to amend the Programme Documents, including the Swap Agreement to ensure that 
the terms hereof, and the parties obligations thereunder, are in compliance with the 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 
July 2012 on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories, known 
as the European Market Infrastructure Regulation ("EMIR") and/or the then 
subsisting technical standards under EMIR; or 
(ii) 
to amend or waive (subject at all times to Article 15 (Dispute resolution), Chapter 
VII of the technical standards under EMIR (which relate to, inter alia, non-financial 
counterparties, risk-mitigation techniques for over the counter derivative contracts 
not cleared by a central counterparty) any of the time periods set out Part 6(c) of the 
schedule to the Swap Agreement. 
(b) 
The Servicer or the relevant Programme Party(ies), as the case may be, and the Issuer 
shall be entitled to amend the Servicing Agreement or any other Programme Documents 
to ensure that the terms thereof, and the parties obligations thereunder, are in compliance 
with EMIR and/or the then subsisting technical standards under EMIR, in each case of (a) 
and (b) above, with the consent of the Issuer but without the consent of any Noteholder, 
the Subordinated Lender or any other Person, provided that such amendment or waiver 
shall only become valid if it is notified to the Security Trustee and the Rating Agencies, and 
the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty or the Servicer or the relevant Programme 
Party(ies), as the case may be, have received a confirmation from the Security Trustee 
that in the sole professional judgment of the Security Trustee, such amendment or waiver 
will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of any such Programme Creditor. 
29.3 
Notwithstanding clauses 29.1 and 29.2 Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. will be entitled to 
amend any term or provision of this Agreement (except for the ranking of the Notes, any security 
securing the Notes, the Final Maturity Date, the Scheduled Repayment Date, the Series Revolving 
Period Expiration Date, any Payment Date, the Class A Notes Interest Rate, the Class B Notes 
Interest Rate or the amount of payments of any principal), with the consent of the Issuer and the 
Security Trustee, but without the consent of any Noteholder, any Swap Counterparty, the 
Subordinated Lender, the Arranger, the Lead Manager or any other Person, if it is advised by a third 
party authorised under Article 28 of the Securitisation Regulation or a reputable international law firm 
that such amendments are required for the Programme to comply with the Securitisation Regulation 
including the requirements for simple, transparent and standardised securitisations set out therein 
and in any regulatory technical standards adopted under the Securitisation Regulation. Any 
amendment subject to this clause 29.3 shall only become valid, by giving ten (10) Business Days 
prior notice to the Noteholders and the Rating Agencies in writing, including by email. 
29.4 
This Agreement may also be amended from time to time with prior notification to the Rating Agencies 
in accordance with the provisions set out in Sections 5 to 21 of the German Debenture Act (Gesetz 
über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen – Schuldverschreibungsgesetz, SchVG) with 
the unanimous consent of (a) the Issuer and (b) the Noteholders of each Series of Notes, for the 
purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions 
of this Agreement which materially and adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders and/or any 
other Programme Creditor provided that (x) no such amendment shall reduce the interest rate or 
principal amount of any Note or delay the Scheduled Repayment Date or Final Maturity Date of any 
Note without the consent of all Noteholders of the relevant Class, and (y) provided further that if any 
of the amendments relate to the amount, the currency or the timing of the cash-flow received by the 
Issuer under the Purchased Receivables and/or the Purchased Vehicles, the application of such 
cash-flow by the Issuer, or the ranking of the Swap Counterparties in the Order of Priority, or 
materially and adversely affects the interests of the Swap Counterparties, then the consent of the 
Swap Counterparties will be required. The manner of obtaining such consents may be either a 
contractual agreement to be concluded between the Issuer and all Noteholders of the Relevant

--- Page 184 ---
- 184 - 
Series as provided for in Section 4 of the German Debenture Act (Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen - Schuldverschreibungsgesetz SchVG) with a prior 
notification to the Rating Agencies or by a Noteholder's resolution adopted with unanimous consent 
of the Noteholders of such Series pursuant to Sections 5 to 22 of aforementioned act, or in case of 
(y) only a contractual agreement between the Issuer, all Noteholders of all Series of Notes, the 
Security Trustee and each Swap Counterparty. The manner of obtaining any other consents of the 
Noteholders provided for in this Agreement and of evidencing the authorisation of the execution 
thereof by Noteholders will be subject to such reasonable requirements as the Security Trustee may 
prescribe, including the establishment of record dates. 
29.5 
The Security Trustee may agree, without the Programme Creditors' consent, to amend Programme 
Documents to give effect to a Term Takeout pursuant to clause 13.7 of the Master Hire Purchase 
Agreement, provided that any such amendments do not adversely affect the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
30. 
NOTEHOLDERS
30.1 
The Issuer, the Security Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent may treat each Noteholder as the 
owner thereof for all purposes, whether or not the Note is overdue and regardless of notice of 
ownership or writing on it or any notice of previous loss or theft or of trust or other interest in it, and 
the Issuer, the Security Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent will not be affected by any notice to 
the contrary. All payments made to any such Noteholder will be valid and, to the extent of the amounts 
so paid, effective to discharge the liability for the monies payable under such Notes. 
30.2 
Notices to Noteholders will be given in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
30.3 
For as long as all of the Notes are represented by the Global Notes and such Global Notes are held 
on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, notices to Noteholders may be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be) 
for communication to the relevant accountholders (provided that, in the case of any publication 
required by a stock exchange, that stock exchange agrees or, as the case may be, any other 
publication requirement of such stock exchange will be met). Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given to the Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which such notice is delivered 
to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be) as aforesaid. 
.

--- Page 185 ---
- 185 - 
ANNEX B 
MASTER DEFINITIONS SCHEDULE 
The following is the text of the Master Definitions Schedule. The text will be attached as Annex B to the 
Conditions of the Notes and constitutes an integral part of the Conditions of the Notes. In case of any overlap 
or inconsistency in the definitions of a term or expression in the Master Definitions Schedule and elsewhere 
in the Base Prospectus, the definitions of the Conditions will prevail. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS
1.1 
The parties that have signed this Incorporated Terms Memorandum agree that, except where 
expressly stated to the contrary or where the context otherwise requires, the definitions set out below 
shall apply to terms or expressions referred to but not otherwise defined in each of the German 
Programme Documents, the English Programme Documents or the Dutch Programme Documents. 
"12-Months Average Dynamic Gross Loss Ratio" means, for any Payment Date, a fraction, 
expressed as a percentage rate, the numerator of which is the sum of the Dynamic Gross Loss Ratios 
calculated with respect to the last 12 calendar months preceding on such Payment Date and the 
denominator of which is 12. 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the definitions and provisions published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc.   
"Account Agreement" means the account agreement between the Issuer, the Account Bank, the 
Cash Administrator and the Security Trustee governing the Accounts dated on or about the Signing 
Date, as amended from time to time. 
"Account Bank" means the Accumulation Account Bank, the Cash Collateral Account Bank, the 
Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account Bank, the Monthly Collateral Account Bank and the 
Distribution Account Bank. 
"Account Bank Required Rating" means: 
(a) 
either
(i) 
a long-term unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligations rating 
of "A" from Morningstar DBRS, or 
(ii) 
a Morningstar DBRS Critical Obligations Rating of "A (high)" in respect of the 
relevant entity, or  
(iii) 
if a public or private rating from Morningstar DBRS is not available, a Morningstar 
DBRS Equivalent Rating with respect to the relevant entity's capacity for timely 
payment of financial commitments equal to a long-term rating for unsecured and 
unguaranteed debt of at least "A" from Morningstar DBRS, and 
(b) 
(i) a short-term rating of at least "P-1" or (ii) a long-term rating of at least "A2" from Moody's. 
"Accounts" means the Accumulation Account, the Distribution Account, the Counterparty 
Downgrade Collateral Account, the Monthly Collateral Account and the Cash Collateral Account, 
collectively. 
"Accrued Interest" means in respect of a Note and any Payment Date the interest which has accrued 
on such Note up to such Payment Date. 
"Accumulation Account" means the interest bearing account held by the Issuer with the 
Accumulation Account Bank with IBAN IE35USBK99034573255902 and Swift: USBKIE22.. 
"Accumulation Account Bank" means the bank operating the Accumulation Account, which is U.S. 
Bank Europe DAC, formerly known as Elavon Financial Services DAC.

--- Page 186 ---
- 186 - 
"Additional Borrowing Date" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in clause 2.3 (The 
Subordinated Loan) of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Additional Cut-Off Date" means the last day of a Monthly Period elapsing prior to an Additional 
Purchase Date. 
"Additional Discounted Balance" means, on any Additional Purchase Date, the present value on 
the relevant Cut-Off Date of the Additional Lease Receivables to be purchased by the Purchaser on 
such Additional Purchase Date, calculated by using the Discount Rate. 
"Additional Issuer Advance" means any advance made available by the Issuer to the Seller on any 
Additional Purchase Date under clause 3.2 (Additional Issuer Advances) of the Issuer Facility 
Agreement in respect of a Leased Vehicle, or the principal amount outstanding from time to time of 
such advance. 
"Additional Lease Agreement" means a Lease Agreement which relates to an Additional Leased 
Vehicle. 
"Additional Leased Vehicle" means a Leased Vehicle in respect of which a Hire Purchase Contract 
is entered into by and between the Seller and the Issuer pursuant to the Master Hire Purchase 
Agreement after the Closing Date. 
"Additional Offer Date" means the third Business Day prior to a Payment Date unless the Payment 
Date is a Payment Date on which Further Notes will be issued, in which case the Additional Offer 
Date shall fall on the 5th Business Day prior to a Payment Date. 
"Additional Portfolio" means a portfolio consisting of Additional Leased Vehicles together with the 
associated Lease Receivables purchased by the Issuer from the Seller on an Additional Purchase 
Date. 
"Additional Purchase Date" means a Payment Date falling in the Revolving Period, when an 
additional purchase is made pursuant to clause 4 (Hire Purchase of Additional Leased Vehicles) of 
the Master Hire Purchase Agreement. 
"Additional Lease Receivables" means the Lease Receivables purchased by the Issuer from the 
Seller on any Additional Purchase Date in accordance with the Master Hire Purchase Agreement. 
"Additional Lease Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage" means 1.77 per cent. 
"Adjustment Spread" means in respect of any Substitute Reference Rate an adjustment spread 
which is recommended by a responsible authority or used in a material number of bonds after 
determination of a Benchmark Event and designed to eliminate or minimise any potential transfer of 
value between parties when the Substitute Reference Rate is applied and eliminate or minimise the 
risk of manipulation.
"Adverse Claim" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, hypothecation, lien, floating charge or other 
security interest or encumbrance or other right or claim under the laws of any jurisdiction, of or on 
any Person's assets or properties in favour of any other Person. 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any Person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly by the Person, 
any entity that controls, directly or indirectly the Person or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with such Person (for this purpose, "control" of any entity of Person means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or Person). For the purposes of this definition, 
with respect to the Issuer, "Affiliate" does not include the Issuer Director or any entities which the 
Issuer Director controls. 
"AFM" means the Dutch Financial Markets Authority (Autoriteit Financiële Markten). 
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Interest Determination Agent and the Security Trustee 
dated on or about the Signing Date, as amended from time to time.

--- Page 187 ---
- 187 - 
"Agents" means the Calculation Agent, the Interest Determination Agent, the Registrar and the 
Principal Paying Agent, and "Agent" means any one of them. 
"Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance" means the sum of the Discounted Receivables 
Balances for all Lease Agreements relating to Purchased Vehicles.  
"Aggregate Redeemable Amount" means, at any Payment Date on which Purchased Vehicles are 
sold pursuant to clause 14.7 (Clean-Up Call/ Sale of Lease Receivables to other Securitisation 
Vehicles) of the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, the difference between (i) the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of Notes of a certain Class and (ii) the Targeted Remaining Class A 
Note Balance or the Targeted Remaining Class B Note Balance, as the case may be.  
"Amortisation Amount" means: 
(a) 
with respect to an Amortising Series of Class A Notes, an amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
if on the relevant Payment Date all outstanding Series of Class A Notes are Non-
Amortising Series, zero; or 
(ii) 
for any Series of Class A Notes which on the relevant Payment Date qualifies as an 
Amortising Series (such Payment Date with respect to such Series referred to as 
the "Class A Series Amortisation Date"), the Amortisation Amount applicable to 
such Series with respect to all following Payment Dates shall be determined as the 
lesser of (i) the principal amount outstanding of such Series and (ii) the product of 
(A) the positive difference between the Class A Available Redemption Collections 
minus the sum of the Amortisation Amounts in respect of the other Amortising Series 
of Class A Notes with an earlier Class A Series Amortisation Date multiplied by (B) 
the Amortisation Factor applicable to such Amortising Series; or 
(iii) 
if on the relevant Payment Date all Series of Class A Notes are Amortising Series, 
the Amortisation Amount for any Series of Class A Notes will be determined as the 
product of (i) the Class A Principal Payment Amount multiplied by (ii) the ratio of the 
principal amount outstanding of the relevant Amortising Series of Class A Notes on 
such Payment Date as numerator and the sum of the principal amount outstanding 
of all Series of Class A Notes on such Payment Date as denominator; 
(b) 
with respect to an Amortising Series of Class B Notes, an amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
if on the relevant Payment Date all outstanding Series of Class B Notes are Non-
Amortising Series, zero; or 
(ii) 
for any Series of Class B Notes which on the relevant Payment Date qualifies as an 
Amortising Series (such Payment Date with respect to such Series referred to as 
the "Class B Series Amortisation Date"), the Amortisation Amount applicable to 
such Series with respect to all following Payment Dates shall be determined as the 
lesser of (i) the principal amount outstanding of such Series and (ii) the product of 
(a) the positive difference between the Class B Available Redemption Collections 
minus the sum of the Amortisation Amounts in respect of the other Amortising Series 
of Class B Notes with an earlier Class B Series Amortisation Date multiplied by (b) 
the Amortisation Factor applicable to such Amortising Series; or 
(iii) 
if on the relevant Payment Date all Series of Class B Notes are Amortising Series, 
the Amortisation Amount for any Series of Class B Notes will be determined as the 
product of (i) the Class B Principal Payment Amount multiplied by (ii) the ratio of the 
principal amount outstanding of the relevant Amortising Series of Class B Notes on 
such Payment Date as numerator and the sum of the principal amount outstanding 
of all Series of Class B Notes on such Payment Date as denominator. 
"Amortisation Factor" means, with respect to an Amortising Series and a certain Payment Date, 
the ratio of the principal amount outstanding of such Amortising Series of Notes immediately before

--- Page 188 ---
- 188 - 
it commences amortisation as numerator and the sum of the principal amount outstanding of all Non-
Amortising Series of Notes of the same Class issued on the day immediately preceding the 
commencement of the amortisation of such Amortising Series as denominator, stated as a 
percentage.  
"Amortising Series" means on any Payment Date: 
(a) 
any Series of Notes for which on or prior to such Payment Date the Series Revolving Period 
Expiration Date has occurred, or 
(b) 
following the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event, all Series of Notes. 
"Ancillary Rights" means, in relation to a Purchased Receivable, all remedies for enforcing the same 
including, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation: 
(a) 
the right to demand, sue for, recover, receive and give receipts for all amounts due and to 
become due whether or not from Lessees or guarantors under or relating to the Lease 
Agreement to which such Purchased Vehicle relates and all guarantees (if any) (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, any Enforcement Proceeds received by the Seller or its agents); 
(b) 
the benefit of all covenants and undertakings from Lessees and from guarantors under the 
Lease Agreement to which such Purchased Vehicle relates and under all guarantees (if any); 
(c) 
the benefit of all causes and rights of actions against Lessees and guarantors under and 
relating to the Lease Agreement to which such Receivable relates and under and relating to 
all guarantees (if any); 
(d) 
the benefit of any other rights, title, interest, powers and benefits of the Seller into, under, 
pursuant to or in relation to such Lease Agreement other than rights specifically relating to 
the Vehicle itself (with such rights specifically relating to the Vehicle including, without 
limitation, the right of ownership); plus 
(e) 
any Insurance Proceeds received by the Seller or its agents pursuant to Insurance Claims 
in each case insofar as the same relate to the Lease Agreement to which such Receivable 
relates. 
"Applicable Insolvency Law" means any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law 
affecting creditors' rights now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction. 
"Arranger" means ING Bank N.V. 
"Asset Warranties" means the representations and warranties made by the Seller in respect of a 
Leased Vehicle purchased pursuant to a Hire Purchase Contract, the associated Lease Receivables 
and the related Lease Agreement set forth in clause 10.1 (Representations and Warranties relating 
to the Leased Assets) of the Master Hire Purchase Agreement. 
"Assignment Deed" means a deed of assignment within the meaning of article 3:94(1) of the Dutch 
Civil Code forming part of the relevant Combined Transfer Deed. 
"Auditors" means (i) with respect to Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V., EY Accountants B.V., 
Antonio Vivaldistraat 150, 1083 HP Amsterdam, The Netherlands and (ii) with respect to the Issuer, 
EY Accountants B.V, Antonio Vivaldistraat 150, 1083 HP Amsterdam, Netherlands. 
"Authorised Representative" shall mean the persons set out in Part A of Schedule 3 (Authorised 
Representative), as amended pursuant to clause 5.4 (Operating/Release Procedure) of the Account 
Agreement. 
"Available Distribution Amount" shall, on any Payment Date be an amount equal to the sum of the 
following amounts:

--- Page 189 ---
- 189 - 
(i) 
amounts received as Lease Collections under the Master Hire Purchase Agreement and the 
Servicing Agreement, inclusive, for avoidance of doubt, the Monthly Collateral (after any 
relevant netting); plus 
(ii) 
amounts of interest paid or principal repaid, other than by way of set-off, under the Issuer 
Facility Agreement; plus 
(iii) 
any Vehicle Realisation Proceeds; plus 
(iv) 
any Lease Incidental Shortfall payments received from the Seller; plus 
(v) 
any interest accrued on the Distribution Account and the Accumulation Account; plus 
(vi) 
payments from the Cash Collateral Account as provided for in clause 6 (Cash Collateral 
Account) of the Trust Agreement; plus 
(vii) 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Accumulation Account after the preceding Payment 
Date; plus 
(viii) 
any amount to be debited from the Maintenance Reserve Ledger on the immediately 
succeeding Payment Date subject to and in accordance with the relevant mechanics of the 
Maintenance Reserve Ledger; plus 
(ix) 
any amount to be debited from the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger on such Payment Date 
subject to and in accordance with the relevant mechanics of the Buffer Release Reserve 
Ledger; plus 
(x) 
Net Swap Receipts under the Swap Agreements and any other amounts included in the 
Available Distribution Amount pursuant to clause 9.3 (Swap Agreement) of the Trust 
Agreement; plus 
(xi) 
any amount from the preceding Payment Date which remained as a surplus due to the 
rounding under the Notes in accordance with Condition 9(b); plus
(xii) 
any  Negative Buffer Release Amount, provided that no Reserve Trigger Event has occurred 
and the Buffer Release Reserve has been funded; less 
(xiii) 
any Positive Buffer Release Amount, provided that no Credit Enhancement Increase 
Condition is in effect. For the avoidance of doubt if a Credit Enhancement Increase Condition 
is in effect, the Positive Buffer Release Amount will remain forming part of the Available 
Distribution Amount as part of the Lease Collections under limb (i) of the definition of 
Available Distribution Amount. 
"Base Prospectus" means the base prospectus dated 19 November 2024 in respect of the issue of 
the Notes by the Issuer. 
"Benchmark Event" means any of the following (i) a public statement by the European Money 
Markets Institute that it will cease publishing EURIBOR or it will not be included in the register under 
Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed or where there is no mandatory administration), or (ii) a 
public statement by ESMA that EURIBOR has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or (iii) the applicability of any law or any other legal provision, or of any administrative 
or judicial order, decree or other binding measure, pursuant to which the EURIBOR may no longer 
be used as a reference rate to determine the payment obligations under the Notes and/or under the 
Swap Agreements, or pursuant to which any such use is subject to not only immaterial restrictions or 
adverse consequences. 
"BOVAG Business Conditions in Car Work" means the BOVAG general terms and conditions for 
enterprises enlisted with the Dutch Association of Enterprises in car body work (Algemene leverings- 
en betalingsvoorwaarden zakelijke markt BOVAG schadeherstelbedrijven), as published by BOVAG 
from time to time.

--- Page 190 ---
- 190 - 
"Borrowing Date" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in clause 2.1 (The Subordinated 
Loan) of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"BOVAG Private Conditions in Car Body Work" means the BOVAG general terms and conditions 
for enterprises enlisted with the Dutch Association of Enterprises in car body work (Particuliere 
algemene voorwaarden BOVAG schadeherstelbedrijven), as published by BOVAG from time to time. 
"BOVAG General Conditions" means the BOVAG general terms and conditions of the ABA 
Commercial Market Department (Afdeling ABA Zakelijke Markt) as published by BOVAG from time 
to time. 
"BOVAG Private General Conditions" means the BOVAG general terms and conditions applicable 
to agreements entered into by BOVAG car dealers and purchasers or clients not acting in the conduct 
of a business or profession (niet handelend in de uitoefening van een beroep of bedrijf) as published 
by BOVAG from time to time. 
"Buffer Release Rate" means, on any Payment Date, (a) a percentage rate per annum calculated 
as (i) the Discount Rate, less (ii) the weighted average (calculated based on the outstanding principal 
amount of the Notes and the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated Loan as of the end of 
the related Monthly Period) of the fixed rates (stated as a percentage) payable by the Issuer under 
the Swap Agreements and an estimate of the hypothetical swap fixed rate (being higher than the 
fixed rate under the Swap Agreements) theoretically needed to swap the floating rate interest 
payments under the Subordinated Loan, less (iii) the Servicer Fee Rate, less (iv) 0.03 per cent. for 
any administrative cost and fees, divided by (b) 12. 
"Buffer Release Reserve" means the cash reserve maintained on the Buffer Release Reserve 
Ledger from which any shortfall of payments to be made pursuant to items first to sixth of the 
applicable Order of Priority shall be paid in accordance with the Reserve Funding Agreement. 
"Buffer Release Reserve Ledger" means the ledger for the Buffer Release Reserve held on the 
Cash Collateral Account. 
"Business Day" means any day on which the T2 System is open for business, provided that this day 
is also a day on which banks are open for business in Amsterdam and London. 
"Calculation Agent" means U.S. Bank Europe DAC. 
"Calculation Check Notice" shall mean a notice to be supplied by the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to clause 6 (The Calculation Agent) of the Agency Agreement in writing.  
"Calculation Checks" means the checks of the relevant calculations to be performed by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to clause 6 (The Calculation Agent) of the Agency Agreement. 
"Calculation Date" means, in relation to a Payment Date, the 10th Business Day prior to such 
Payment Date. 
"Callback Contact" shall mean the persons set out in Part B of Schedule 3 (Callback Contact), as 
amended pursuant to clause 5.3 (Operating/Release Procedure) of the Account Agreement. 
"Call Option Buyer" means Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. 
"Call Option Provider" means VCL Master Netherlands B.V. 
"Cash Administration Services" has the meaning as set forth in clause 9.2 (Cash Administration 
Services) of the Account Agreement. 
"Cash Administrator" means US Bank Global Corporate Trust Limited. 
"Cash Collateral Account" means the interest bearing account held by the Issuer with the Cash 
Collateral Account Bank with IBAN IE08USBK99034573255903 and Swift: USBKIE22.

--- Page 191 ---
- 191 - 
"Cash Collateral Account Bank" means the bank operating the Cash Collateral Account, which is 
U.S. Bank Europe DAC, formerly known as Elavon Financial Services DAC. 
"Cash Collateral Amount" means the outstanding balance of the Cash Collateral Account from time 
to time and shall be equal to the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance. 
"CET" means Central European Time as being the local time in Amsterdam, Frankfurt am Main and 
Luxembourg. 
"Charged Property" means the whole of the right, title, benefit and interest of the Issuer in such 
undertaking, property, assets and rights assigned to the Security Trustee as defined under the 
Security Assignment Deed.  
"Charged Programme Documents" means the English Programme Documents other than the 
Security Assignment Deed. 
"Check Information" has the meaning as set forth in clause 6.3(a) (Limitation of Liability) of the 
Agency Agreement. 
"Class" means in relation to any Series of the Notes either the Class A Notes or the Class B Notes. 
"Class A Accumulation Amount" means, on any Payment Date during the Revolving Period, the 
lesser of (a) the Class A Principal Payment Amount and (b) (i) the Class A Available Redemption 
Collections minus (ii) the sum of Amortisation Amounts to be paid with respect to Class A Notes on 
such Payment Date.  
"Class A Actual Overcollateralisation Percentage" means, with respect to any Payment Date, one 
minus the quotient of (a) the Nominal Amount of all outstanding Class A Notes divided by the sum of 
(i) the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance and (ii) any amounts standing to the credit of the 
Accumulation Account, each as determined after the preceding Payment Date. 
"Class A Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance Increase Amount" means in respect of a 
Payment Date the amount necessary to increase the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance as 
of the end of the Monthly Period to the Class A Targeted Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance. 
"Class A Available Redemption Collections" shall be equal to the Available Distribution Amount 
less any amounts due and payable on the relevant Payment Date under items first through seventh
of the Order of Priority set out in clause 16.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
"Class A Cash Component" shall be equal to the Class A Aggregate Discounted Receivables 
Balance Increase Amount multiplied by one minus the Replenished Lease Receivables 
Overcollateralisation Percentage. 
"Class A Notes" means the class A notes of a given Series of Notes. 
"Class A Notes Increase Amount" means, with respect to any Further Issue Date, an amount equal 
to the product of (i) 75.00 per cent. and (ii) the Further Discounted Receivables Balance, all as 
determined with respect to such Further Issue Date and as rounded down to the nearest EUR 
100,000. 
"Class A Notes Interest Rate" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 8(c) of the 
Class A Notes. 
"Class A Principal Payment Amount" means  
(a) 
during the Revolving Period, an aggregate amount equal to the Class A Cash Component; 
(b) 
after the end of the Revolving Period, an aggregate amount for any Payment Date which is 
equal to the amount necessary to reduce the outstanding principal amount of the Class A 
Notes to the Class A Targeted Note Balance.

--- Page 192 ---
- 192 - 
"Class A Targeted Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance" means, on a given Payment 
Date, a fraction the numerator of which is the aggregate nominal amount of the Class A Notes after 
application of the Amortisation Amount to each Amortising Series of Class A Notes on such Payment 
Date and the denominator of which is the difference of 100 per cent. minus the Class A Targeted 
Overcollateralisation Percentage. 
"Class A Targeted Note Balance" means for each series of Class A Notes,  
(a) if the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance as of the end of a Monthly Period is less than 
10 per cent. of the Maximum Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance, zero; otherwise 
(b) the excess of the sum of: 
(i) Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance as of the end of such Monthly Period; plus 
(ii) after expiration of the Revolving Period, the amounts standing to the credit of the 
Accumulation Account at the end of the respective Monthly Period, 
over the Class A Targeted Overcollateralisation Amount  
"Class A Targeted Overcollateralisation Amount" means, on each Payment Date, the Class A 
Targeted Overcollateralisation Percentage multiplied by the Aggregate Discounted Receivables 
Balance as of the end of the Monthly Period. 
"Class A Targeted Overcollateralisation Percentage" means: 
(a) 
28.50 per cent. until the expiration of the Revolving Period and until a Credit Enhancement 
Increase Condition shall be in effect;  
(b) 
40.00 per cent. after expiration of the Revolving Period until the Credit Enhancement 
Increase Condition is in effect; and 
(c) 
100 per cent. until the Final Maturity Date if a Credit Enhancement Increase Condition has 
occurred. 
"Class B Accumulation Amount" means, on any Payment Date during the Revolving Period, the 
lesser of (a) the Class B Principal Payment Amount and (b) (i) the Class B Available Redemption 
Collections minus (ii) the sum of Amortisation Amounts to be paid with respect to Class B Notes on 
such Payment Date.  
"Class B Actual Overcollateralisation Percentage" means, with respect to any Payment Date, one 
minus the quotient of a) the Nominal Amount of all outstanding Class A Notes and Class B Notes 
divided by (b) the sum of (i) the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance and (ii) any amounts 
standing to the credit of the Accumulation Account, each as determined after the preceding Payment 
Date. 
"Class B Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance Increase Amount" means in respect of a 
Payment Date the amount necessary to increase the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance as 
of the end of the Monthly Period to the Class B Targeted Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance. 
"Class B Available Redemption Collections" shall be equal to the Available Distribution Amount 
less any amounts due and payable on the relevant Payment Date under items first through ninth of 
the Order of Priority set out in clause 16.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
"Class B Cash Component" shall be equal to the Class B Aggregate Discounted Receivables 
Balance Increase Amount multiplied by one minus the Replenished Lease Receivables 
Overcollateralisation Percentage. 
"Class B Notes" means the class B notes of a given Series of Notes.

--- Page 193 ---
- 193 - 
"Class B Notes Increase Amount" means, with respect to any Further Issue Date, an amount equal 
to the product of (i) 8.50 per cent. and (ii) the Further Discounted Receivables Balance, all as 
determined with respect to such Further Issue Date and as rounded down to the nearest EUR 
100,000. 
"Class B Notes Interest Rate" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 8(c) of the 
Class B Notes. 
"Class B Principal Payment Amount" means  
(a) 
during the Revolving Period, an aggregate amount equal to the Class B Cash Component; 
(b) 
after the end of the Revolving Period, an aggregate amount for any Payment Date which is 
equal to the amount necessary to reduce the outstanding principal amount of the Class B 
Notes to the Class B Targeted Note Balance. 
"Class B Targeted Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance" means, on a given Payment 
Date, a fraction the numerator of which is the aggregate nominal amount of the Class A Notes and 
the Class B Notes after application of the Amortisation Amount to each Amortising Series of Class A 
Notes and the Amortisation Amount to each Amortising Series of Class B Notes on such Payment 
Date and the denominator of which is the difference of 100 per cent. minus the Class B Targeted 
Overcollateralisation Percentage. 
"Class B Targeted Note Balance" means for each Series of Class B Notes, 
(a) if the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance as of the end of a Monthly Period is less than 
10 per cent. of the Maximum Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance, zero; otherwise 
(b) the excess of the sum of: 
(i) Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance as of the end of such Monthly Period; plus 
(ii) after expiration of the Revolving Period, the amounts standing to the credit of the 
Accumulation Account at the end of the respective Monthly Period; less 
(iii) the Class A Targeted Note Balance 
over the Class B Targeted Overcollateralisation Amount 
"Class B Targeted Overcollateralisation Amount" means, on each Payment Date, the Class B 
Targeted Overcollateralisation Percentage multiplied by the Aggregate Discounted Receivables 
Balance as of the end of the Monthly Period. 
"Class B Targeted Overcollateralisation Percentage" means: 
(a) 
20.50 per cent. until the expiration of the Revolving Period and until a Credit Enhancement 
Increase Condition shall be in effect;  
(b) 
32.00 per cent. after expiration of the Revolving Period until the Credit Enhancement 
Increase Condition is in effect; and 
(c) 
100 per cent. until the Final Maturity Date if a Credit Enhancement Increase Condition has 
occurred. 
"Clean-Up Call Conditions" means the conditions listed in clause 14.1 (Clean-Up Call / Sale of 
Purchased Vehicles to other Securitisation Vehicles) of the Master Hire Purchase Agreement. 
"Clean-Up Call Date" has the meaning given to that term in clause 14.1 (Clean-Up Call / Sale of 
Purchased Vehicles to other Securitisation Vehicles) of the Master Hire Purchase Agreement.

--- Page 194 ---
- 194 - 
"Clean-Up Call Option" has the meaning given to that term in clause 14.1 (Clean-Up Call / Sale of 
Purchased Vehicles to other Securitisation Vehicles) of the Master Hire Purchase Agreement. 
"Clean-Up Call Settlement Amount" means the lesser of  
(a) 
an amount equal to the outstanding Discounted Receivables Balance which would have 
become due if the Clean-Up Call had not occurred, calculated as at the last calendar day of 
the month in which the repurchase is to become effective; and 
(b) 
an amount equal to the theoretical present value of each Purchased Receivable remaining 
to be paid in the future, calculated using a discount rate equal to (i) the weighted average 
(calculated based on the outstanding principal amount of Notes and the outstanding principal 
amount of the Subordinated Loan as of the end of the Monthly Period) of the Class A Swap 
Fixed Rate, the Class B Swap Fixed Rate and an estimate of the hypothetical swap fixed 
rate (being higher than the fixed rate under both Swap Agreements) theoretically needed to 
swap the floating rate interest payments under the Subordinated Loan, plus (ii) the Servicer 
Fee at a rate of 1 per cent. per annum, and plus (iii) 0.03 per cent. for administrative costs 
and fees. It shall be calculated as at the last calendar day of the month in which the 
termination of all Hire Purchase Contracts is to become effective and the Seller, the Issuer 
and the Security Trustee entered into a new Combined Transfer Deed in respect of the 
exercise of the Clean-Up Call Option. 
For the purposes of calculating the Clean-Up Call Settlement Amount, the risk of losses inherent to 
the relevant Purchased Receivable shall be taken into account on the basis of the risk status of such 
Purchased Receivable assessed by Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. immediately prior to 
the buyback becoming effective. 
"Clearing System" means each of the following: Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (42 Avenue 
JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg) ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium) ("Euroclear"). 
"Closing Date" means 31 May 2016. 
"Collection Period" means the period commencing on (and including) the first day of a calendar 
month and ending on (but excluding) the first day of the next calendar month. 
"Combined Transfer Deed" means a deed substantially in the form of Schedule 2 (Combined 
Transfer Deed) to the Master Hire Purchase Agreement. 
"Common Reporting Standard" means the exchange of information regime based on the 
implementation of (i) the Council Directive 2014/107/EU amending Council Directive 2011/16/EU on 
the mandatory automatic exchange of information and (ii) the multilateral competent authority 
agreement signed on 29 October 2014 by various jurisdictions to automatically exchange information 
on the basis of article 6 of the convention on mutual administrative assistance in tax matters 
concluded on 25 January 1988, as amended by the 2010 protocol. 
"Common Safekeeper" or "CSK" means the entity appointed by the ICSDs to provide safekeeping 
for the Notes under the new safekeeping structure (NSS).  
"Common Terms" means the common terms set out under the heading Common Terms in the 
Incorporated Terms Memorandum and incorporated into the Programme Documents by reference. 
"Conditions" means the terms and conditions of the respective Notes contained in the Base 
Prospectus. 
"Corporate Lease Agreement" means a Lease Agreement between the Seller and a corporate entity 
or a private individual acting in its profession or trade (handelend in de uitoefening van beroep of 
bedrijf). 
"Corporate Warranties" have the meaning as set out in clause 10.2 (Representations and 
Warranties relating to the Seller) of the Master Hire Purchase Agreement.

--- Page 195 ---
- 195 - 
"Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account" means the interest bearing account held by the 
Issuer with the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account Bank, held and administered outside 
The Netherlands, with IBAN IE78USBK99034573255904 and Swift: USBKIE22. 
"Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account Bank" means the bank operating the Counterparty 
Downgrade Collateral Account, which is U.S. Bank Europe DAC, formerly known as Elavon Financial 
Services DAC. 
"CRA3" means Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament, as amended by 
Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 and by Regulation (EU) No 462/2013. 
"Credit" shall have the meaning as set out in clause 16.2 (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
"Credit and Collection Procedures" means the credit and collection procedures of the Seller a 
summary of which is set out in the section 'Credit and Collection Procedures' of the Base Prospectus, 
as available for inspection and as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Servicing Agreement. 
"Credit Enhancement Increase Condition" means any of the following: if: (a) the Dynamic Gross 
Loss Ratio for three consecutive Payment Dates exceeds (i) 1.0 per cent., if the Weighted Average 
Seasoning is less than 12 months or (ii) 2.0 per cent., if the Weighted Average Seasoning is greater 
than 12 months (inclusive); or (b) the 12-Months Average Dynamic Gross Loss Ratio exceeds 0.5 
per cent.; or (c) if the Late Delinquency Ratio exceeds 2.0 per cent. on any Payment Date, provided 
that this event will be waived by the Issuer if the sale of the Purchased Receivables only as part of a 
Term Takeout will not result in a downgrade of the outstanding Notes on or before the Payment Date 
immediately following the occurrence of such event; or (d) in case of the occurrence of a Servicer 
Replacement Event; or (e) in case of the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the Seller; 
or (f) the Cash Collateral Account does not contain the Specified General Cash Collateral Account 
Balance on two consecutive Payment Dates; or (g) Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. fails to 
pay the Negative Buffer Release Amount when due, and such failure continues unremedied for a 
period of thirty (30) calendar days; or (h) Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. fails to fund the 
Buffer Release Reserve in an amount such that the balance on the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger 
is equal to the Required Buffer Release Reserve Amount within thirty (30) calendar days following 
the occurrence of a Reserve Trigger Event.  
"CSSF" means the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier of Luxembourg. 
"Cut-Off Date" means each of the Initial Cut-Off Date and each Additional Cut-Off Date. 
"Data Protection Rules" means the General Data Protection Regulation, the Dutch General Data 
Protection 
Regulation 
Implementation 
Act 
(Uitvoeringswet 
Algemene 
verordening 
gegevensbescherming), any successor thereto, and any applicable European Union or (other) 
European Union member state's law relating to data protection or the privacy of individuals. 
"Data Protection Trustee" means Amsterdamsch Trustee's Kantoor B.V. 
"Defaulted Receivable" means (without double-counting): 
(a) 
any Lease Receivable which has been written off as without value; or 
(b) 
any Lease Receivable which has been "hostile terminated", 
each in accordance with the customary operating practices of the Servicer in effect from time to time, 
using the same degree of skill and attention that the Servicer exercises with respect to comparable 
lease agreements that the Servicer administers and collects for itself or others. 
"Delinquent Lease Receivable" means any Lease Receivable for which more than one Instalment 
is overdue.

--- Page 196 ---
- 196 - 
"Deposit Agreement" means the deposit agreement entered into by and between the Seller, the 
Issuer, the Data Protection Trustee and the Security Trustee on 22 November 2018, as amended 
and restated from time to time. 
"Determination Date" means the second (2nd) Business Day prior to the first (1st) day of a Monthly 
Period.  
"DFSA" means the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). 
"Director" means (i) the Issuer Director, (ii) the Foundation Director, or (iii) the Trustee Director. 
"Director Fee Letter" means the letter dated 2 October 2014 from Intertrust Capital Markets in 
respect of the fees to be charged to the Issuer for the services to be rendered by the Directors in 
connection with the Programme Documents to which they are a party. 
"Discount Rate" means 4.4207 per cent. per annum. 
"Discounted Receivables Balance" means as of the end of the Monthly Period the Present Value 
of all remaining scheduled Lease Interest Components and Lease Principal Components and the 
Present Value of the Estimated Residual Value of the relevant Purchased Vehicle, each as calculated 
in respect of the relevant Purchased Vehicle as of the relevant Cut-Off Date based on a Lease 
Agreement's scheduled cash flows at the Closing Date or the Additional Purchase Date, as the case 
may be, in each case as amended by the Servicer in accordance with its customary operating 
practices. For the avoidance of doubt, the Discounted Receivables Balance shall include any 
amounts of overdue principal under the relevant Lease Agreement but shall exclude Written-Off 
Purchased Receivables. 
"Distribution Account" means the interest bearing account held by the Issuer with the Distribution 
Account Bank with IBAN IE62USBK99034573255901 and Swift: USBKIE22. 
"Distribution Account Bank" means the bank operating the Distribution Account, which is U.S. Bank 
Europe DAC, formerly known as Elavon Financial Services DAC. 
"Dutch Programme Documents" means the Pledge Agreements, each Combined Transfer Deed, 
the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, the Issuer Facility Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the 
Management Agreements and the Reserve Funding Agreement. 
"Dynamic Gross Loss Ratio" means, for any Payment Date, a fraction, expressed as a percentage 
rate, the numerator of which is the sum of the Discounted Receivables Balance (including Lease 
Receivables which were not received on time and Lease Receivables remaining to be paid in the 
future) the related contracts of which have been terminated due to default or customer insolvency by 
the Servicer in accordance with its customary practices during the Monthly Period and the 
denominator of which is the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance as of the beginning of the 
Monthly Period.  
"Early Amortisation Event" means any of the following: (i) the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, 
(ii) the amounts deposited in the Accumulation Account on two consecutive Payment Dates exceed 
10 per cent. of the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance, after application of the relevant Order 
of Priority on such Payment Date, (iii) the Credit Enhancement Increase Condition is in effect, (iv) the 
failure by the Issuer to enter following an event of default or a termination event (as defined in the 
applicable Swap Agreement) into a replacement Swap Agreement or failure by the respective Swap 
Counterparty to post collateral (each as provided for in clause 9 (Swap Agreement) of the Trust 
Agreement or to take any other measure which does not result in a downgrade of the Notes, (v) on 
any Payment Date falling after six consecutive Payment Dates following the Initial Issue Date, the 
Class A Actual Overcollateralisation Percentage is determined as being lower than 27.75 per cent, 
or the Class B Actual Overcollateralisation Percentage is determined as being lower than 19.75 per 
cent., (vi) the Seller ceases to be an Affiliate of Volkswagen Financial Services AG or any successor 
thereto.

--- Page 197 ---
- 197 - 
"Early Settlement" means cases in which the Seller is to pay certain sums to the Issuer due to a 
demand of the Issuer vis-à-vis the Seller to retransfer Lease Receivables and the related Lease 
Collateral under a contract in certain circumstances as contractual remedy including, inter alia, the 
assertion of invalidity of the Lease Agreements or of rights to refuse to perform by the Lessee as well 
as a reduction of the Purchased Receivables due to any amendment to the relevant Lease 
Agreement. 
"EC Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Community (signed in Rome on 25 March, 
1957), as amended by the Treaty on European Union (signed in Maastricht on 7 February, 1992), as 
amended by the Treaty of Amsterdam (signed in Amsterdam on 2 November, 1997), as amended by 
the Treaty of Nice (signed in Nice on 26 February, 2001) and as amended by the Treaty of Lisbon 
(signed in Lisbon on 13 December 2007 and in force since 1 December 2009). 
"EEA" means the European Economic Area established under the "The Agreement creating the 
European Economic Area" entered into force on 1 January 2004. 
"Electronic File" means a file attached as annex 1 to each Combined Transfer Deed and containing 
for each Leased Vehicle to which it pertains at least the following information: 
(a) 
the unique contract ID of the associated Lease Agreement; 
(b) 
the relevant Cut-Off Date; 
(c) 
the Estimated Residual Value as at the relevant Cut-Off Date; 
(d) 
the Purchase Price; 
(e) 
the number of Purchase Instalments; 
(f) 
the amount of each Regular Purchase Instalment calculated pursuant to clause 6.2(b) 
(Instalments) of the Master Hire Purchase Agreement that applies to any full Collection 
Period; 
(g) 
the amount of the Final Purchase Instalment; and 
(h) 
if applicable, any amendment date as referred to in clause 6.3 (Recalculation of Lease 
Instalments and Purchase Instalments) of the Master Hire Purchase Agreement. 
"Eligibility Criteria" means the criteria relating to the Leased Vehicles, Lessees, Lease Agreements, 
Lease Receivables and/or Pool Criteria as set forth in Schedule 1 (Eligibility Criteria) to the Master 
Hire Purchase Agreement. 
"Eligible Collateral Bank" means an international recognised bank with the Account Bank Required 
Ratings, which is authorised to provide the services of the Account Bank under the Account 
Agreement to the Issuer. 
"Eligible Swap Counterparty" means any entity 
(a) 
the long-term unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligations or Morningstar 
Critical Obligations Rating of which are rated by Morningstar DBRS at least (i) "A" or (ii) 
"BBB" and which posts collateral in the amount and manner set forth in the Swap Agreement; 
or which obtains a guarantee from a person having long-term unsecured, unguaranteed and 
unsubordinated debt obligations of which are rated by Morningstar DBRS at least (x) "A" or 
(y) "BBB" and, in the case of a rating required pursuant to (y), posts collateral in the amount 
and manner set forth in the Swap Agreement; or in each case, if the relevant entity's long-
term unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligations are not rated by 
Morningstar DBRS or such entity does not have a Morningstar DBRS Critical Obligations 
Rating, if applicable, such debt obligations have at least a Morningstar DBRS Equivalent 
Rating corresponding to the ratings required pursuant to (i) or (ii) above, respectively; and

--- Page 198 ---
- 198 - 
(b) 
having a counterparty risk assessment
or long-term rating for unsecured and 
unsubordinated debt obligations of (i) "A3" or above by Moody's or (ii) "Baa3" or above by 
Moody's and which either posts collateral in the amount and manner set forth in the Swap 
Agreements or obtains a guarantee from a person having the ratings set forth in (i) above. 
"Encrypted List" means an encrypted electronic data file comprising the data relevant for the 
identification of the Additional Lease Receivables and the Additional Leased Vehicles, including the 
Personal Data of the Lessees. 
"Enforcement Event" means a Foreclosure Event and the Security Trustee has served an 
Enforcement Notice upon the Issuer. 
"Enforcement Notice" means a notice delivered by the Security Trustee on the Issuer upon the 
occurrence of a Foreclosure Event (in the sole judgment of the Security Trustee upon request of the 
Noteholders holding not less than 66 2/3 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the Class 
A Notes or, if no Class A Notes are outstanding, more than 66 2/3 per cent. of the outstanding 
principal amount of the Class B Notes, whereby Notes owned by Volkswagen Bank GmbH or its 
Affiliates will not be taken into account for the determination of the required majority of 66 2/3 per 
cent. of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes) stating that the Security Trustee 
commences with the enforcement of the Security pursuant to the procedures set out in the relevant 
Security Documents. 
"Enforcement Proceeds" means the gross proceeds from the realisation of Vehicles in respect of 
Purchased Receivables and from the enforcement of any other Ancillary Rights. 
"English Process Agent" means the agent appointed by the Issuer and entitled to receive 
correspondence on behalf of the Issuer in England and Wales, which will at the Renewal Date be 
CSC Capital Markets UK Limited, 10th Floor, 5 Churchill Place, London E14 5HU, United Kingdom.  
"English Programme Documents" means the Swap Agreements and the Security Assignment 
Deed and any other documents designated as an English Programme Document by the Issuer and 
the Security Trustee. 
"English Programme Party" means the Swap Counterparty and the Security Trustee. 
"EONIA" means Euro Overnight Index Average. 
"ESMA" means the European Securities Markets Authority.  
"Estimated Residual Value" means in respect of a Purchased Vehicle, the estimated residual value 
at the Lease Maturity Date as calculated and recalculated (only in case of variations in the use of the 
leased vehicle (mileage) and extensions or shortening of the lease term) from time to time by the 
Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Agreement. 
"EU" means the European Union. 
"EU Insolvency Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2015/848 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast), as amended by Regulation (EU) 
2021/2260 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 December 2021. 
"EU Member State" means, as the context may require, a member state of the European Union or 
of the European Economic Area. 
"EUR" or "EURO" or "€" means the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that 
have adopted the single currency in accordance with the EC Treaty. 
"EURIBOR" (Euro Interbank Offered Rate) means for each Interest Accrual Period, except as 
provided below, the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in 
Euro for that Interest Accrual Period which appears on the Reuters 3000 page EURIBOR01 (the 
"Screen Page") as of 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the second Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Accrual Period.

--- Page 199 ---
- 199 - 
(a) 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation appears thereon, in each case as 
at such time, the Interest Determination Agent shall determine EURIBOR on the basis of 
such other screen rate the Interest Determination Agent shall determine in good faith. If the 
Interest Determination Agent cannot determine EURIBOR on the basis of such other screen 
rate in good faith, EURIBOR shall be the offered quotation or the arithmetic mean of the 
offered quotations on the Screen Page on the last day preceding the second Business Day 
prior to the commencement of the relevant Interest Accrual Period on which such quotations 
were offered. 
(b) 
Following a Benchmark Event, the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, shall be entitled, in 
coordination with the Security Trustee, to determine a Substitute Reference Rate in its due 
discretion which shall replace the EURIBOR affected by such Benchmark Event. Any 
Substitute Reference Rate shall apply from (and including) the interest determination date 
determined by the Issuer in its due discretion, which shall be no earlier than on the second 
Business Day, prior to the commencement of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, falling on 
or immediately following the date of the Benchmark Event, with first effect for the Interest 
Accrual Period for which the Class A Notes Interest Rate and the Class B Notes Interest 
Rate, as the case may be, is determined. If the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, decides to 
determine a Substitute Reference Rate, the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, in coordination 
with the Security Trustee, shall weigh up the interests of the Noteholders, any Swap 
Counterparty and the Issuer's own interests and determine the Substitute Reference Rate 
and any adjustment, if any, in a manner that to the greatest possible extent upholds the 
economic character of the Notes for either side (the "Substitution Objective"). 
Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, will in 
the following sequential order: 
(i) 
firstly, implement an Official Substitution Concept; 
(ii) 
secondly, if paragraph (i) above is not available,  implement an Industry Solution; or 
(iii) 
thirdly, if paragraphs (i) and (ii) above are not available, implement a Generally 
Accepted Market Practice; or  
(iv) 
fourthly, if paragraphs (i) to (iii) above are not available, apply any unsecured or 
secured overnight money market reference rate calculated by the European Central 
Bank or any other third party on swap basis (overnight index swap – OIS); or  
(v) 
fifthly, if paragraphs (i) to (iv) above are not available, determine €STR for the 
Relevant Period to be the Substitute Reference Rate. 
(c) 
If the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, determines a Substitute Reference Rate, it shall also 
be entitled to make, in its due discretion, any such procedural determinations relating to the 
determination of the current Substitute Reference Rate (e.g. the interest determination date, 
the relevant time, the relevant screen page for obtaining the Substitute Reference Rate and 
the fallback provisions in the event that the relevant screen page is not available) and to 
make such adjustments to the definition of "Business Day" in and the business day 
convention provisions in which in accordance with the generally accepted market practice 
are necessary or expedient to make the substitution of the EURIBOR by the Substitute 
Reference Rate operative. To the extent that the Servicer applies a Substitute Reference 
Rate, the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, shall be entitled to determine an Adjustment 
Spread, if applicable. 
If the Servicer (on behalf of the Issuer) uses an overnight rate as Substitute Reference Rate 
in accordance with (i) above, the interest rate shall be a quote-based rate for tradable EUR 
interest swaps derived from the respective overnight rate looking forward (rate for overnight 
indexed swaps) for the relevant Interest Accrual Period calculated on such date as 
determined by the Servicer (on behalf of the Issuer) in its reasonable discretion and in 
accordance with prevailing market standards, if any.

--- Page 200 ---
- 200 - 
The Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, is entitled, but not obliged, to determine, in its due 
discretion, a Substitute Reference Rate pursuant to this provisions several times in relation 
to the same Benchmark Event, provided that each later determination is better suitable than 
the earlier one to realise the Substitution Objective and each determination shall be subject 
to prior coordination with the Security Trustee. This paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis
in the event of a Benchmark Event occurring in relation to any Substitute Reference Rate 
previously determined by the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer. 
If the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, has determined a Substitute Reference Rate following 
the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, it will cause the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, 
the Substitute Reference Rate determined by it and any further determinations of it pursuant 
to this paragraph associated therewith to be notified to the Interest Determination Agent, the 
Paying Agent, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 11 as soon as possible, but in no event later than two Business Days following the 
determination of the Substitute Reference Rate but in no event later than the first day of the 
Interest Accrual Period to which the Substitute Reference Rate applies for the first time. For 
the avoidance of doubt, if the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, should not determine a 
Substitute Reference Rate, the fallback provisions pursuant to paragraph (a) above shall 
apply. 
(d) 
For the purpose of this definition the following definitions shall apply: 
"Generally Accepted Market Practice" means the use of a certain reference rate, subject 
to certain adjustments (if any), as substitute rate for the EURIBOR or of provisions, 
contractual or otherwise, providing for a certain procedure to determine payment obligations 
which would otherwise have been determined by reference to the EURIBOR in a material 
number of bond issues following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, or any other 
generally accepted market practice to replace the EURIBOR as reference rate for the 
determination of payment obligations. 
"Industry Solution" means any statement by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association (ISDA), the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA), the Association 
for Financial Markets in Europe (AFME), the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (SIFMA), the SIFMA Asset Management Group (SIFMA AMG), the Loan 
Markets Association (LMA), the Deutsche Kreditwirtschaft (DK), the Bundesverband 
Öffentlicher Banken Deutschlands (VÖB), the Deutsche Sparkassen- und Giroverband 
(DSGV), the Bundesverband deutscher Banken (BdB), the Bundesverband der Deutschen 
Volksbanken und Raiffeisenbanken (BVR), the Deutscher Derivate Verband (DDV) or any 
other private association of the financial industry pursuant to which a certain reference rate, 
subject to certain adjustments (if any), should or could be used to replace the EURIBOR or 
pursuant to which a certain procedure should or could be used in order to determine payment 
obligations which would otherwise be determined by reference to the EURIBOR. 
"Official Substitution Concept" means any binding or non-binding statement by any central 
bank, supervisory authority or supervisory or expert body of the financial sector established 
under public law or composed of publically appointed members pursuant to which a certain 
reference rate, subject to certain adjustments (if any), should or could be used to replace the 
EURIBOR or pursuant to which a certain procedure should or could be used in order to 
determine payment obligations which would otherwise be determined by reference to the 
EURIBOR. 
"Relevant Period" means the number of weeks until an Official Substitution Concept, an 
Industry Solution or a Generally Accepted Market Practice has been implemented. 
"Eurosystem" comprises the European Central Bank and the national central banks of those 
countries that have adopted the euro. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprising member states of the European Union that have adopted 
the single currency, the euro, in accordance with the EC Treaty.

--- Page 201 ---
- 201 - 
"EUWA" means the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 as amended by the European Union 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020. 
"Event of Default" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 11 (Events and Default) of the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Excess Amount" means as defined in clause 5.8 (Collection of payments) of the Servicing 
Agreement. 
"Excess Swap Collateral" means, in respect of a Swap Agreement, an amount (which shall be 
transferred directly to the Swap Counterparty in accordance with the Swap Agreement) equal to the 
amount by which the value of the collateral (or the applicable part of any collateral) provided by the 
Swap Counterparty to the Issuer pursuant to the Swap Agreement exceeds the Swap Counterparty's 
liability under the Swap Agreement as at the date of termination of the Swap Agreement or which it 
is otherwise entitled to have returned to it under the terms of the Swap Agreement. 
"Expenses" shall have the meaning as set out in clause 15.1 (Indemnity) of the Account Agreement 
or in clause 9.1 (Indemnity and Liability) of the Agency Agreement, respectively. 
"Extension Letter" means an extension letter by the Issuer to the respective Noteholder in a form 
as attached as Schedule 1 to the Conditions. 
"FATCA" means: 
(a) 
sections 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and the Treasury regulations and 
official guidance issued thereunder, as amended from time to time ("U.S. FATCA");  
(b) 
any inter-governmental agreement between the United States and any other jurisdiction 
entered into in connection with U.S. FATCA (an "IGA"); 
(c) 
any treaty, law, regulation or official guidance enacted, issued or amended in any jurisdiction 
which facilitates the implementation of U.S. FATCA or an IGA ("Implementing Law"); and 
(d) 
any agreement entered into with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, the U.S. government or 
any governmental or Tax authority in any other jurisdiction in connection with U.S. FATCA, 
an IGA or any Implementing Law; 
"FATCA Deduction" means a deduction or withholding from a payment under a Programme 
Document required by FATCA. 
"Final Discharge Date" means the date on which the Security Trustee notifies the Issuer and the 
Programme Creditors that it is satisfied that all the Secured Obligations and/or all other monies and 
other liabilities due or owing by the Issuer have been paid or discharged. 
"Final Maturity Date" means the date set out as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Final Purchase Instalment" means the final Purchase Instalment to be paid by the Issuer to the 
Seller pursuant to a Hire Purchase Contract. 
"Final Terms" means the final terms to the Base Prospectus which will be prepared for each issue 
of the Notes. 
"FOCWA General Conditions" means the general terms and conditions for enterprises enlisted with 
the Dutch Association of Enterprises in car body work (Nederlandse Vereniging van Ondernemers in 
het Carrosseriebedrijf) as published from time to time. 
"Foreclosure Event" means any of the following events: 
(a) 
with respect to the Issuer, an Insolvency Event occurs; or

--- Page 202 ---
- 202 - 
(b) 
the Issuer does not pay interest on the most senior Class of Notes then outstanding on any 
relevant Payment Date and such failure to pay continues for a period of five (5) Business 
Days, after the Servicer has become aware of such non-payment (including by notification 
from any other Programme Party); or 
(c) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of principal of any Note on the Final Maturity Date. 
It is understood that the interest and principal on the Notes other than interest on the Class A Notes 
will not be due and payable on any Payment Date prior to the Final Maturity Date except to the extent 
there are sufficient funds in the Available Distribution Amount to pay such amounts in accordance 
with the Order of Priority. 
"Foundation" means Stichting VCL Master Netherlands. 
"Foundation Director" means Intertust Management B.V. 
"Foundation Management Agreement" means the management agreement entered into by and 
between the Foundation and the Foundation Director in respect of the Foundation on the Signing 
Date. 
"FSMA" means the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended from time to time. 
"Funding" means the Notes and the Subordinated Loan. 
"Further Discounted Receivables Balance" means on any Additional Purchase Date, the 
Additional Discounted Balance less the Replenished Additional Discounted Receivables Balance. 
"Further Issue Date" means each day which shall be a Payment Date on which Further Notes are 
issued, provided that with respect to each Series of Notes such date shall in no event be later than 
the Payment Date immediately preceding the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date applicable to 
such Series. 
"Further Maintenance Reserve Advance" has the meaning as set forth in clause 4.1 (Further 
Maintenance Reserve Advances) of the Reserve Funding Agreement.  
"Further Notes" means any notes of each series of any Class of the floating rate asset backed notes 
issued by the Issuer on any Further Issue Date with a maximum total nominal amount of EUR 
1,500,000,000, consisting of up to 15,000 individual Notes, each in the nominal amount of EUR 
100,000. 
"General Data Protection Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016. 
"German Civil Code" means the civil code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) of Germany, as amended or 
restated from time to time. 
"German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority" means the German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), including its predecessors 
and any potential successor(s). 
"German Process Agent" means the agent appointed by the Issuer and entitled to receive 
correspondence on behalf of the Issuer in Germany, which will at the Closing Date be Rechtsanwalt 
Bernhard Faber with its offices at Thomasiusstraße 11, 10557, Berlin, Germany. 
"German Programme Documents" means the Conditions, the Account Agreement, the Agency 
Agreement, the Programme Agreement, the Trust Agreement, the Deposit Agreement and the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement and any other documents designated as a German Programme 
Documents by the Issuer and the Security Trustee. 
"Germany" means the Federal Republic of Germany.

--- Page 203 ---
- 203 - 
"Global Notes" means in respect of each Class of Notes the global registered notes without coupons 
attached representing each such Class as more specifically described in Condition 1(b). 
"Governmental Authority" means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision 
thereof, any central bank (or similar monetary or regulatory authority) thereof, any body or entity 
exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to a 
government, including without limitation any court, and any Person owned or controlled, through 
stock or capital ownership or otherwise, by any of the foregoing including for the avoidance of doubt 
the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority. 
"Hire Purchase Contract" means with respect to a Vehicle, the hire purchase agreement 
(overeenkomst van huurkoop) within the meaning of section 7:84 paragraph 3 under b or, with 
respect to the hire purchase agreement entered into prior to 1 January 2017, article 7A:1576h of the 
Dutch Civil Code entered into by and between the Seller and the Issuer pursuant to the Master Hire 
Purchase Agreement. 
"Incorporated Terms Memorandum" means the memorandum originally signed by the Programme 
Parties for the purposes of identification on or about 26 May 2016, as amended and restated from 
time to time. 
"Initial Cut-Off Date" means 30 April 2016. 
"Initial Issue" means the issue of the Initial Notes by the Issuer. 
"Initial Issue Date" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the day on which the Initial Notes of such 
Series are issued as set out in the respective Final Terms. 
"Initial Issuer Advance" means an advance made available by the Issuer to the Seller on the Closing 
Date under the Issuer Facility Agreement in respect of an Initial Leased Vehicle, or the principal 
amount outstanding from time to time of such advance. 
"Initial Leased Vehicle" means a Leased Vehicle in respect of which a Hire Purchase Contract has 
or will be entered into by and between the Seller and the Issuer pursuant to the Master Hire Purchase 
Agreement on the Closing Date. 
"Initial Notes" means the initial floating rate asset backed notes of each series issued by VCL Master 
Netherlands B.V. on the Initial Issue Date.  
"Initial Offer Date" means any Business Day on or prior to the Closing Date. 
"Initial Portfolio" means the portfolio consisting of the Initial Leased Vehicles together with the 
associated Lease Receivables hire purchased by the Issuer from the Seller on the Initial Purchase 
Date. 
"Initial Purchase Date" means the Closing Date. 
"Initial Purchase Instalment" means the first Regular Purchase Instalment payable in respect of a 
Purchased Vehicle. 
"Insolvency Event" means (A) with respect to the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Security 
Trustee and the Maintenance Coordinator, as the case may be, each of the following events: (i) the 
making of an assignment, conveyance, composition or marshalling of assets for the benefit of its 
creditors generally or any substantial portion of its creditors; (ii) the application for, seeking of, 
consents to, or acquiescence in, the appointment of a receiver, custodian, trustee, liquidator or similar 
official for it or a substantial portion of its property; (iii) the initiation of any case, action or proceedings 
before any court or Governmental Authority against the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer or the Security 
Trustee under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, bankruptcy, receivership, 
dissolution, reorganisation, winding-up, relief of debtors or other similar laws and such proceedings 
are not being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of discontinuing or discharging the 
same; (iv) the levy or enforcement of a distress or execution or other process upon or sued out 
against the whole or any substantial portion of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer, the Seller, the

--- Page 204 ---
- 204 - 
Servicer or the Security Trustee and such possession or process (as the case may be) shall not be 
discharged or otherwise shall not cease to apply within sixty days; (v) initiation or consent to any 
case, action or proceedings in any court or Governmental Authority relating to the Issuer, the Seller, 
the Servicer or the Security Trustee under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, 
bankruptcy, receivership, dissolution, reorganisation, winding-up, relief of debtors or other similar 
laws; (vi) an order is made against the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer or the Security Trustee or an 
effective resolution is passed for its winding-up; and (vii) the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer or the 
Security Trustee is deemed generally unable to pay its debts within the meaning of any liquidation, 
insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
establishment (provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, any assignment, charge, pledge or lien 
made by the Issuer for the benefit of the Security Trustee under the Trust Agreement or the Security 
Assignment Deed shall not constitute an Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer) and (B) with 
respect to a Lessee, a (preliminary) suspension of payment, (voorlopige) surseance van betaling), 
bankruptcy (faillissement), special measures (bijzondere voorzieningen) within the meaning of the 
DFSA or any debt restructuring (schuldsanering natuurlijke personen), or with respect to any other 
jurisdiction other than The Netherlands, any similar proceedings. 
"Insolvency Official" means, in respect of any person, a liquidator, provisional liquidator, 
administrator (whether appointed by the court or otherwise), administrative receiver, receiver or 
manager, nominee, supervisor, trustee in bankruptcy, conservator, guardian, or other similar official 
in respect of such person or in respect of all (or substantially all) of the person's assets or in respect 
of any arrangement or composition with creditors or any equivalent or analogous officer under the 
law of any jurisdiction. 
"Insurance Claims" means any claims against any car insurer in relation to any damaged or stolen 
Vehicle. 
"Insurance Proceeds" means any proceeds or monetary benefit in respect of any Insurance Claims. 
"Interest" means in respect of a Lease Receivable each of the scheduled periodic payments of 
interest (if any) payable under the Lease Agreement plus any applicable later payment penalties. 
"Interest Accrual Period" shall mean, unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties, the period 
from (and including) a Payment Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Payment Date; provided 
that the initial Interest Accrual Period shall be the period from (and including) the relevant Issue Date 
to (but excluding) first Payment Date. 
"Interest Determination Agent" means U.S. Bank Europe DAC, formerly known as Elavon Financial 
Services DAC. 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 7.6 (Duties of the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and Interest Determination Agent) of the Agency 
Agreement. 
"Interest Rate" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Interest Shortfall" means the Accrued Interest which is not paid on the Payment Date related to 
the Interest Accrual Period in which it accrued, including but not limited to any Accrued Interest 
resulted from correction of any miscalculation of interest payable on a Note related to the last Interest 
Accrual Period immediate prior to the Payment Date. 
"International Central Securities Depositary" or "ICSD" means Clearstream Luxembourg or 
Euroclear, and "ICSDs" means both Clearstream Luxembourg and Euroclear collectively. 
"ISIN" means the international standard identification number pursuant to the ISO-6166 Standard. 
"ISO" means the International Organisation for Standardisation.  
"Issue" means the issue of the Notes by the Issuer. 
"Issue Date" means each of the Initial Issue Date and each Further Issue Date.

--- Page 205 ---
- 205 - 
"Issue Notice" means a notice by the Issuer in a form as attached as Annex D to the Procedures 
Memorandum. 
"Issuer" means VCL Master Netherlands B.V. 
"Issuer Advance" means any Initial Issuer Advance, any Additional Issuer Advance or any Issuer 
Increase Advance made or to be made available under the Issuer Facility Agreement.  
"Issuer Director" means Intertrust Management B.V. 
"Issuer-ICSDs Agreement" means the Issuer-ICSDs agreement entered into by the Issuer and the 
ICSDs on the Closing Date. 
"Issuer Facility" means the loan facility made available by the Issuer to the Seller under the Issuer 
Facility Agreement. 
"Issuer Facility Agreement" means the facility agreement originally dated the Signing Date by and 
between the Issuer Facility Borrower, the Issuer and the Security Trustee. 
"Issuer Facility Borrower" means the Seller in its capacity as borrower under the Issuer Facility 
Agreement.  
"Issuer Increase Advance" means any advance made available by the Issuer to the Seller on any 
Payment Date under clause 3.3 (Issuer Increase Advances) of the Issuer Facility Agreement or the 
principal amount outstanding from time to time of such advance. 
"Issuer Management Agreement" means the management agreement entered into by and between 
the Issuer and the Issuer Director in respect of the Issuer on the Signing Date. 
"Issuer Profit Amount" means an amount payable by the Issuer to the Issuer Director under the 
Director Fee Letter. 
"Issuer Rights" means any and all existing and future rights, other than any so-called "wilsrechten", 
and claims that will be owing to the Issuer under the following agreements as amended, restated or 
supplemented from time to time: 
(a) 
under and in connection with the Master Hire Purchase Agreement; 
(b) 
under and in connection with the Servicing Agreement; and 
(c) 
under and in connection with the Issuer Facility Agreement. 
"Issuer Rights Pledge Agreement" means the issuer rights pledge agreement entered into by and 
between, inter alios, the Issuer and the Security Trustee as of the Signing Date. 
"Issuer Vehicles Pledge Agreement" means the issuer vehicles pledge agreement entered into by 
and between the Issuer and the Security Trustee as of the Signing Date. 
"Late Delinquency Lease Receivable" means any Lease Receivable for which more than 6 
instalments are overdue. 
"Late Delinquency Ratio" means, expressed as a percentage, the ratio of (i) Late Delinquency 
Lease Receivables as of the end of any Monthly Period as nominator and (ii) the Aggregate 
Discounted Receivables Balance as of the beginning of the Monthly Period as denominator.  
"Lead Manager" means ING Bank N.V., Bijlmerdreef 106, 1102 CT Amsterdam, the Netherlands. 
"Lease Agreement" means in respect of a Purchased Vehicle, the operational lease agreement, 
including the general terms and conditions (algemene voorwaarden) applicable thereto, between the 
Seller and the relevant Lessee (including under or pursuant to any master agreement and the 
relevant schedules thereto) under which Lease Receivables are generated.

--- Page 206 ---
- 206 - 
"Lease Agreement Early Termination" means the termination of a Lease Agreement that takes 
place before the applicable Lease Maturity Date. 
"Lease Agreement Early Termination Fee" means, following a Lease Agreement Early 
Termination, the penalty payable by the relevant Lessee pursuant to the Lease Agreement excluding, 
for the avoidance of doubt, the Lease VAT Component and the Lease Servicing Component of the 
Lease Instalment under the relevant Lease Agreement subject to a Lease Agreement Early 
Termination. 
"Lease Agreement Recalculation" means the recalculation of the Purchase Price of a Purchased 
Vehicle and the associated Lease Receivables to be performed by the Servicer from time to time in 
accordance with the Servicing Agreement in respect of the relevant Lease Agreement.  
"Lease Collections" means with respect to any Lease Receivable, any amounts collected on behalf 
of the Issuer from a Lessee pursuant to the relevant Lease Agreement, for the avoidance of doubt, 
including any Lease Principal Collections, Lease Interest Collections, Lease Servicing Collections, 
Lease Incidental Collections, Lease VAT Collections and Lease Agreement Early Termination Fees 
if applicable and any other Lease Receivable, relating to a Collection Period. 
"Lease Early Termination Date" means any date on which a Lease Agreement Early Termination 
occurs. 
"Lease Incidental Collections" means any amount actually collected under or in respect of any 
Lease Incidental Receivable. 
"Lease Incidental Debt" means in respect of any Purchased Vehicle (i) any debt owed to a Lessee 
if following the occurrence of a Lease Termination Date the Repurchase Option is not exercised or 
the Put Option is not exercised pursuant to (a) the year-end calculation amounts calculated in 
accordance with the relevant Lease Agreement in respect of which the "open calculation concept" 
applies and/or (b) any end of contract settlement (nacalculatie) or (ii) any other incidental debt arising 
out of the relevant Lease Agreement and payable in accordance with the relevant Lease Agreement. 
"Lease Incidental Receivable" means in respect of any Purchased Vehicle any Lease Receivable 
in respect of the relevant Lessee during a Collection Period in excess of the Lease Interest 
Component, Lease Principal Component, Lease Servicing Component and Lease Agreement Early 
Termination Fee payable by the relevant Lessee in such Collection Period. 
"Lease Incidental Shortfall" means on any Payment Date the amount (if any) by which the sum of 
any Lease Incidental Debt in respect of the immediately preceding Collection Period exceeds the 
sum of each Lease Incidental Collection in respect of such Collection Period. 
"Lease Incidental Surplus" means on any Payment Date prior to the occurrence of an Insolvency 
Event relating to the Seller, the amount (if any) by which the sum of all Lease Incidental Receivables 
exceeds the sum of all Lease Incidental Debts payable in respect of the immediately preceding 
Collection Period. 
"Lease Instalment" means the sum of (a) the Lease Principal Component, (b) the Lease Interest 
Component and (c) the Lease Servicing Component and (d) the Lease VAT Component, and (e) 
where applicable, the Lease Agreement Early Termination Fees, due under a Lease Agreement. 
"Lease Interest Collections" means the sum of all Lease Interest Components actually received 
during the relevant Collection Period. 
"Lease Interest Component" means the interest component included in any Lease Receivables 
periodically payable by a Lessee and calculated in accordance with the relevant Lease Agreement. 
"Lease Maturity Date" means, in respect of a Lease Agreement, the termination date as agreed by 
and between the Seller (as Lessor) and the Lessee in the Lease Agreement and as amended from 
time to time in accordance with the Credit and Collection Procedures.

--- Page 207 ---
- 207 - 
"Lease Principal Collections" means the sum of all Lease Principal Components actually received 
during the relevant Collection Period. 
"Lease Principal Component" means the principal component included in any Lease Receivables 
periodically payable by a Lessee and calculated in accordance with the relevant Lease Agreement. 
"Lease Receivables" means any present or future rights (vorderingen op naam) against the relevant 
Lessee under the relevant Lease Agreement, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Lease 
Interest Component, Lease Principal Component, Lease Servicing Component, Lease Incidental 
Receivable and any VAT, maintenance charge or related fees and expenses due and payable by the 
Lessee under the terms of the Lease Agreement and any accessory rights (afhankelijke rechten), 
ancillary rights (nevenrechten) and other rights relating thereto. 
"Lease Receivables Pledge Agreement" means the lease receivables pledge agreement entered 
into by and between the Issuer and the Security Trustee on the Signing Date, as amended from time 
to time. 
"Lease Services" means the services set out in schedule 3 part A (Lease Services) of the Servicing 
Agreement. 
"Lease Servicing Collections" means the sum of all Lease Servicing Components actually received 
during the relevant Collection Period. 
"Lease Servicing Component" means the servicing component included in any Lease Receivables 
periodically payable by a Lessee and calculated in accordance with the relevant Lease Agreement. 
"Lease Termination Date" means a Lease Maturity Date or a Lease Early Termination Date. 
"Lease VAT Collections" means the sum of all Lease VAT Components actually received by during 
the relevant Collection Period. 
"Lease VAT Component" means the VAT component included in any Lease Receivables 
periodically payable by a Lessee, which is equal to x/(1+x) of such Lease Receivables, where x 
equals the rate of VAT (expressed in decimals which is zero in the case of a zero-rated or exempt 
supply) applicable to the supply made by the Seller to which such Lease Receivables are related. 
"Leased Assets" means the Purchased Vehicles and the associated Lease Agreements and Lease 
Receivables.  
"Leased Vehicle" means each Vehicle which is subject to an operational lease agreement between 
the Seller and a Lessee. 
"Lessee" means each entity, corporation or person or private individual acting in its profession or 
trade (handelend in de uitoefening van beroep of bedrijf), that is a lessee under a Lease Agreement.  
"Lessor" means the Seller in its capacity as lessor in relation to Lease Agreements entered with 
Lessees, and following payment of the Final Purchase Instalment prior to the Lease Maturity Date, 
the Issuer until the relevant Purchased Vehicle is sold to a buyer (which includes the Call Option 
Buyer). 
"Liabilities" means, in respect of any person, any losses, damages, costs, charges, awards, claims, 
demands, expenses, judgments, actions, proceedings or other liabilities whatsoever including 
reasonable legal fees and any Taxes and penalties incurred by that person, together with any VAT 
charged or chargeable in respect of any of the sums referred to in this definition. 
"Losses" shall have the meaning as set out in clause 15.1 (Indemnity) of the Account Agreement or 
in clause 9.1(Indemnity and Liability) of the Agency Agreement, respectively. 
"Luxembourg Stock Exchange" means the société de la bourse de Luxembourg.

--- Page 208 ---
- 208 - 
"Maintenance Coordinator" means Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. acting as maintenance 
coordinator or any party appointed as replacement maintenance coordinator under the Servicing 
Agreement. 
"Maintenance Coordinator Standard of Care" has the meaning given to that term in clause 4.3 
(Standard of care) of the Servicing Agreement. 
"Maintenance Coordinator Replacement Event" means the occurrence of any event described in 
paragraphs (a) to (d) below: 
(a) 
the Maintenance Coordinator fails to make any payment or deposit to be made by it to the 
Distribution Account within five (5) Business Days after the earliest of (i) receipt by the 
Maintenance Coordinator of a written notice from Issuer or any Noteholder of such failure to 
pay or (ii) the Maintenance Coordinator becoming aware of such failure to pay;
(b) 
the Maintenance Coordinator fails to perform or observe in any material respect any material 
term, covenant or agreement hereunder applicable to it (other than as referred to in 
paragraphs (a) above) and such failure shall remain unremedied for sixty (60) days (or if 
such failure is not capable of remedy, in the Maintenance Coordinator's sole discretion, five 
Business Days) after receipt by the Maintenance Coordinator of written notice from the 
Issuer or any Noteholder requiring the failure to be remedied, (which Maintenance 
Coordinator Replacement Event shall be deemed to occur only upon the last day of the 
relevant period); 
(c) 
any material written representation or warranty made by the Maintenance Coordinator in its 
capacity as such in the Servicing Agreement or any of the Programme Documents proves 
to have been incorrect, in any material respect, when made or deemed to be made by 
reference to the facts and circumstances then subsisting, and such incorrect representation 
or warranty shall remain unremedied for sixty (60) days (or, if such failure is not capable of 
remedy, in the Maintenance Coordinator's sole discretion, five Business Days) after receipt 
by the Maintenance Coordinator of written notice from the Issuer or any Noteholder requiring 
the circumstances causing or responsible for such misrepresentation to be remedied (which 
Maintenance Coordinator Replacement Event shall be deemed to occur only upon the last 
day of the relevant period); or 
(d) 
the Maintenance Coordinator becomes subject to an Insolvency Event;  
provided, however, that if a Maintenance Coordinator Replacement Event referred to under 
paragraph (a) to (c) above has occurred and was caused by an event beyond the reasonable control 
of the Maintenance Coordinator and if the respective delay or failure of performance is cured within 
a period of 150 days from the date on which the original failure to make payment, breach of term, 
covenant or agreement or breach of representation or warranty referred to under paragraph (a) to (c) 
occurred, a Maintenance Coordinator Replacement Event will be deemed not to have occurred. 
"Maintenance Costs" means the amounts paid to third party garages and service providers 
(including any VAT thereon) for the provision of the Maintenance Services in relation to the 
Purchased Vehicles including any costs relating to an amendment of the vehicle registration 
(kentekenbewijzen) of the Purchased Vehicles and any insurance costs. 
"Maintenance Procedures" means the maintenance procedures which are applied by the 
Maintenance Coordinator. 
"Maintenance Reserve" means the cash reserve maintained on the Maintenance Reserve Ledger 
from which any Maintenance Costs shall be paid in accordance with the Reserve Funding 
Agreement. 
"Maintenance Reserve Advance" means an advance equal to the Required Maintenance Reserve 
Amount made available by the Reserve Funding Provider to the Issuer subject to the terms of the 
Funding Agreement.

--- Page 209 ---
- 209 - 
"Maintenance Reserve Ledger" means the ledger for the Maintenance Reserve held on the Cash 
Collateral Account. 
"Maintenance Services" means the services set out in schedule 3 part B (Maintenance Services) of 
the Servicing Agreement. 
"Management Agreements" means (i) the Issuer Management Agreement, (ii) the Trustee 
Management Agreement and (iii) the Foundation Management Agreement, collectively. 
"Margin" means the margin specified under item 8 (c) in the Final Terms of the relevant Series of 
Notes. 
"Master Hire Purchase Agreement" means the master hire purchase agreement originally entered 
into by and between the Issuer, the Seller and the Security Trustee on the Signing Date, as amended 
from time to time. 
"Material Adverse Effect" means, as the context may require:  
(a) 
a material adverse effect on the validity or enforceability of any of the Programme 
Documents; or 
(b) 
in respect of a Programme Party, a material adverse effect on:  
(i) 
the business, operations, assets property, condition (financial or otherwise) or 
prospects of such Programme Party; or 
(ii) 
the ability of such Programme Party to perform its obligations under any of the 
Programme Documents; or  
(iii) 
the rights or remedies of such Programme Party under any of the Programme 
Documents. 
"Matured Lease" means a Lease Agreement which has expired on its Lease Maturity Date. 
"Maximum Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance" means the highest Discounted 
Receivables Balance at any time during the Programme. 
"Maximum Issuance Amount"  means the maximum issuance amount up to which the Issuer may 
offer Notes to the relevant Note Purchaser as specified in relation to such Note Purchaser in the 
Programme Agreement from time to time. 
"MiFID II" means directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 
2011/61/EU. 
"Monthly Collateral Account" means the account held by the Issuer with the Account bank IBAN 
IE51USBK99034573255905 and Swift: USBKIE22. 
"Monthly Collateral" means an amount in cash as determined by the Servicer, equal to the sum of 
(i) the scheduled Lease Interest Components, Lease Principal Components and Estimated Residual 
Value of the relevant Purchased Vehicle to be received under the Lease Agreements relating to 
Purchased Vehicles during a Monthly Period and (ii) the expected monthly prepayments of Lease 
Interest Components and Lease Principal Components for such Monthly Period and the Estimated 
Residual Value of the relevant Purchased Vehicle under the Lease Agreements relating to Purchased 
Vehicles, calculated on the basis of a constant prepayment rate of 5 per cent per annum. 
"Monthly Collateral Payment Date" means the fifteenth (15th) calendar day of the month preceding 
the first day of such Monthly Period or, if this is not a Business Day, on the next following Business 
Day.

--- Page 210 ---
- 210 - 
"Monthly Collateral Start Date" means any date which falls within thirty (30) calendar days from the 
date on which the Monthly Remittance Condition was not satisfied. 
"Monthly Investor Report Performance Date" means the third Business Day prior to each Payment 
Date.  
"Monthly Investor Report" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 8.1(b) of the 
Servicing Agreement. 
"Monthly Period" means the calendar month immediately prior to each Payment Date. 
"Monthly Remittance Condition" shall no longer be satisfied if any of the following events occur:
(a) 
Volkswagen AG ceases to hold directly or indirectly at least 50% of the shares in the Seller; 
or 
(b) 
Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. no longer has a long-term rating for unsecured and 
unguaranteed debt of at least BBB(low)sf from Morningstar DBRS or if a public or private 
rating from Morningstar DBRS is not available, Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. 
receives notification from DBRS that Morningstar DBRS has determined Volkswagen Pon 
Financial Services B.V.’s capacity for timely payment of financial commitments would no 
longer equal a long-term rating for unsecured and unguaranteed debt of at least BBB(low)sf 
from Morningstar DBRS; or 
(c) 
Volkswagen Financial Services AG no longer has a long-term rating for unsecured and 
unguaranteed debt of at least "Baa2" from Moody's or if a public rating from Moody's is not 
available for Volkswagen Financial Services AG, Volkswagen Financial Services AG 
receives notification from Moody's that Moody's has determined Volkswagen Financial 
Services AG's capacity for timely payment of financial commitments would no longer equal 
a long-term rating for unsecured and unguaranteed debt of at least "Baa2" from Moody's. 
"Monthly Servicer Report" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 8.1(a) of the 
Servicing Agreement. 
"Moody's" means Moody's Deutschland GmbH or any successor of its rating business. 
"Morningstar DBRS" means DBRS Ratings GmbH or any successor to its rating business. 
"Morningstar DBRS Critical Obligations Rating" or "COR" means, in relation to a relevant entity, 
the public or private rating assigned by DBRS which addresses the risk of default of particular 
obligations and/or exposures of the relevant entity that in the view of DBRS have a higher probability 
of being excluded from bail-in and remaining in a continuing bank in the event of the resolution of a 
troubled bank than other senior unsecured obligations. A COR assigned by DBRS to the relevant 
entity will be indicated on the website of DBRS (www.dbrs.com). 
"Morningstar DBRS Equivalent Chart" means: 
Morningstar DBRS
Moody's
S&P Global
Fitch
AAA 
Aaa 
AAA 
AAA 
AA(high) 
Aa1 
AA+ 
AA+ 
AA 
Aa2 
AA 
AA 
AA(low) 
Aa3 
AA- 
AA- 
A(high) 
A1 
A+ 
A+ 
A 
A2 
A 
A 
A(low) 
A3 
A- 
A- 
BBB(high) 
Baa1 
BBB+ 
BBB+ 
BBB 
Baa2 
BBB 
BBB 
BBB(low) 
Baa3 
BBB- 
BBB- 
BB(high) 
Ba1 
BB+ 
BB+ 
BB 
Ba2 
BB 
BB 
BB(low) 
Ba3 
BB- 
BB-

--- Page 211 ---
- 211 - 
B(high) 
B1 
B+ 
B+ 
B 
B2 
B 
B 
B(low) 
B3 
B- 
B- 
CCC(high) 
Caa1 
CCC+ 
CCC 
CCC 
Caa2 
CCC 
CCC(low) 
Caa3 
CCC- 
CC 
Ca 
CC 
C 
D 
C 
D 
D 
"Morningstar DBRS Equivalent Rating" means with respect to any issuer rating or senior 
unsecured debt rating (or other rating equivalent), (i) if a Fitch public rating, a Moody's public rating 
and an S&P Global public rating are all available, (a) the remaining rating (upon conversion on the 
basis of the Morningstar DBRS Equivalent Chart) once the highest and the lowest rating have been 
excluded or (b) in the case of two or more same ratings, any of such ratings (upon conversion on the 
basis of the Morningstar DBRS Equivalent Chart); (ii) if the Morningstar DBRS Equivalent Rating 
cannot be determined under paragraph (i) above, but public ratings by any two of Fitch, Moody's and 
S&P Global are available, the lower rating available (upon conversion on the basis of the Morningstar 
DBRS Equivalent Chart); and (iii) if the Morningstar DBRS Equivalent Rating cannot be determined 
under paragraph (i) or paragraph (ii) above, and therefore only a public rating by one of Fitch, Moody's 
and S&P Global is available, such rating will be the Morningstar DBRS Equivalent Rating (upon 
conversion on the basis of the Morningstar DBRS Equivalent Chart). 
"NACE" means statistical classification of economic activities in the Union (Nomenclature statistique 
des activités économiques dans la Communauté européenne). 
"Negative Buffer Release Amount" means on any Payment Date and to the extent the Buffer 
Release Rate is lower than zero, the product of (a) the product of (i) Buffer Release Rate, and (ii) the 
Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance, and (b) -1 (minus one), any Negative Buffer Release 
Amount shall only be used to cover the payments pursuant to items first to third of the Order of 
Priority, as set out in clause 16.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
"Net Swap Payment" means for the Swap Agreement, the net amounts with respect to regularly 
scheduled payments owed by the Issuer to a Swap Counterparty, if any, on any Payment Date, 
including any interest accrued thereon, under the Swap Agreement, excluding Swap Termination 
Payments or any other amounts payable to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement. 
"Net Swap Receipts" means for the Swap Agreement, the net amounts owed by a Swap 
Counterparty to the Issuer, if any, on any Payment Date, excluding any Swap Termination Payments. 
For further clarity, this term does not include any amounts transferred as collateral. 
"New Issuer" means any Person which substitutes the Issuer pursuant to Condition 11. 
"Nominal Amount" means for each Note the nominal amount as defined in Condition 1(a). 
"Non-Amortising Series of Notes" means, on any Payment Date, any Series of Notes which does 
not qualify as an Amortising Series. 
"Noteholders" means the holders of the Notes. 
"Note Purchaser" means each purchaser of a particular Series of Notes under the Programme 
Agreement. 
"Notes" means the Initial Notes and the Further Notes. 
"Notes Factor" means, on any Payment Date after the occurrence of the Series Revolving Expiration 
Date in respect of a Series of Notes, the ratio of the outstanding nominal amount of such Amortising 
Series to the nominal amount of such Series of Notes as determined on the Series Revolving 
Expiration Date. 
"Offer Date" means the Initial Offer Date and each Additional Offer Date.

--- Page 212 ---
- 212 - 
"Option Exercise Price" means an amount equal to (A) in case of a Matured Lease the Estimated 
Residual Value and (B) in case of a Lease Agreement Early Termination, an amount equal to the 
sum of: 
(a) 
the Present Value of all remaining scheduled Lease Interest Components and Lease 
Principal Components; and  
(b) 
the Present Value of the Estimated Residual Value of the relevant Purchased Vehicle, 
each as calculated in respect of the relevant Purchased Vehicle as of the relevant Cut-Off Date. 
"Order of Priority" means the order of priority according to which the payments of interest and 
principal to the Noteholders are distributed and other payments due and payable by the Issuer are 
made as more specifically described in clause 16.2 (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
"Originator" means the Seller, including any legal predecessors, acting in its capacity as originator 
of the Lease Agreements. 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" means, with respect to any Lease Receivable as at any date, the 
outstanding principal balance of such Lease Receivable on such date determined in accordance with 
the Servicer's customary operating practices; provided that the Outstanding Principal Balance of any 
Defaulted Receivable shall be zero. 
"Parallel Debt" means the undertaking by the Issuer pursuant to clause 3 (Parallel Debt) of the Trust 
Agreement to pay, under the same terms and conditions as each of the Principal Obligations, to the 
Security Trustee any amounts equal to each of the Principal Obligations owed by the Issuer to each 
Programme Creditor. 
"Payment Date" means the 25th day of each month or, in the event such day is not a Business Day, 
then the next following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case 
the date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.  
"Payment Instruction" shall have the meaning it is given in clause 5.1 (Operating/Release 
Procedure) of the Account Agreement. 
"Permitted Variation" means (i) in respect of (x) a Lease Agreement not falling under (ii) below, 
and/or (y) the Credit and Collection Procedures, a change to the terms and conditions of that Lease 
Agreement and/or the Credit and Collection Procedures which (a) does not cause the Lease 
Agreement to cease to comply with the Eligibility Criteria, (b) would not cause any of the Asset 
Warranties to be untrue if given on the effective date of the relevant variation, (c) which are made in 
compliance with the Servicer Standard of Care, and (d) in respect of a Lease Agreement only, are 
made in accordance with the terms of the relevant Lease Agreement or (ii) any amendment made to 
a relevant Lease Agreement which is made upon a default by the Lessee under the relevant Lease 
Agreement as part of the Credit and Collection Procedures to be complied with, or if the Credit and 
Collection Procedures are not applicable due to the nature of the default in question, is made as a 
reasonably prudent lessor of Vehicles in the Netherlands would do in respect of such default. 
"Person" means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), unincorporated 
association, trust, joint stock company, limited liability company, joint venture or other entity, or a 
government or political subdivision, agency or instrumentality thereof. 
"Personal Data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person as 
defined in clause 4(1) of the General Data Protection Regulation. 
"Pledge Agreement" means the Sellers Vehicles Pledge Agreement, the Issuer Vehicles Pledge 
Agreement, the Lease Receivables Pledge Agreement, the Issuer Rights Pledge Agreement or any 
Supplementary Pledge Agreement. 
"Pledge Notification Event" means the pledge notification event specified in the Lease Receivables 
Pledge Agreement.

--- Page 213 ---
- 213 - 
"PMP" means a professional market party (professionele marktpartij) as defined in section 1.1 of the 
DFSA. 
"Portfolio" means the Initial Portfolio and each Additional Portfolio collectively, excluding any 
Purchased Vehicles which are retransferred, transferred or otherwise disposed of by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Hire Purchase Contract of which is terminated. 
"Portfolio Decryption Key" means the portfolio decryption key for the decryption of the list of names 
and addresses of the respective Lessees for each contract number relating to a Lease Contract. 
"Positive Buffer Release Amount" means on any Payment Date and to the extent the Buffer 
Release Rate is equal to or higher than zero, the product of (a) the Buffer Release Rate, and (b) the 
Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance. 
"Present Value" means the present value of the relevant cash-flows calculated at the Discount Rate 
on the basis of one year having 360 days, with 12 months and each month having 30 days. 
"Principal" means with respect to a Lease Receivable each of the scheduled periodic payments of 
principal payable by the respective Lessee as provided for in accordance with the terms of the 
relevant Lease Agreement as may be modified from time to time to account e.g. for the unscheduled 
prepayments by the Lessee. 
"Principal Obligations" means all payment obligations, whether actual or contingent, whether 
present or future, of the Issuer to any Programme Creditor from time to time due in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of the relevant Programme Documents, including, without limitation, the 
Notes, but excluding the Parallel Debt. 
"Principal Paying Agent" means U.S. Bank Europe DAC, formerly known as Elavon Financial 
Services DAC. 
"Private Lease Agreement" means a Lease Agreement between the Seller and a private individual 
who is not acting in its profession or trade (handelend in de uitoefening van beroep of bedrijf). 
"Procedures Memorandum" means the procedures memorandum dated 22 May 2017, as amended 
from time to time. 
"Programme" means the programme for the issuance of the Notes of the Issuer in an amount equal 
to the Programme Amount. 
"Programme Amount" means EUR 1,500,000,000. 
"Programme Agreement" means the programme agreement entered into between the Issuer and 
the purchasers of the Notes dated 22 May 2017, as amended and restated from time to time. 
"Programme Creditors" means for all series of Notes the Noteholders, the Security Trustee, the 
Seller, the Servicer (if different to the Seller), the Maintenance Coordinator, the Lead Manager, the 
Swap Counterparties, the Subordinated Lender, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the 
Interest Determination Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Account Bank, the Cash Administrator, the 
Directors, the Data Protection Trustee and the Foundation. 
"Programme Documents" means the English Programme Documents, the German Programme 
Documents and the Dutch Programme Documents. 
"Programme Party" means each party to the Programme Documents. 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 on the prospectus to be published 
when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing 
Directive 2003/71/EC. 
"Purchase Date" means the Closing Date or an Additional Purchase Date, as applicable.

--- Page 214 ---
- 214 - 
"Purchase Instalment Decrease Amount" means in respect of a Payment Date following a 
Calculation Date on which it is determined in accordance with clause 6.3 (Recalculation of Lease 
Instalments and Purchase Instalments) of the Master Hire Purchase Agreement that any Purchase 
Instalment in relation to a Purchased Vehicle will be amended on the first following Payment Date, 
an amount equal to the amount by which the sum of the Present Value of each relevant scheduled 
Purchase Instalment remaining after such Payment Date as if no such amendment had occurred 
exceeds the sum of the Present Value of each relevant scheduled Purchase Instalment remaining 
after such Payment Date as amended. 
"Purchase Instalment Increase Amount" means in respect of a Payment Date following a 
Calculation Date on which it is determined in accordance with clause 6.3 (Recalculation of Lease 
Instalments and Purchase Instalments) of the Master Hire Purchase Agreement that any Purchase 
Instalment in relation to a Purchased Vehicle will be amended on the first following Payment Date, 
an amount equal to the amount by which the sum of the Present Value of each relevant scheduled 
Purchase Instalment remaining after such Payment Date as if no such amendment had occurred falls 
short of the sum of the Present Value of each relevant scheduled Purchase Instalment remaining 
after such Payment Date as amended. 
"Purchase Instalments" means in respect of a Purchased Vehicle the instalments in which the 
Purchase Price in respect of the relevant Purchased Vehicle is to be paid pursuant to the relevant 
Hire Purchase Contract. 
"Purchase Price" means in respect of a Purchased Vehicle, the purchase price agreed upon (and 
payable in instalments) pursuant to a Hire Purchase Contract, each as amended and/or discounted 
from time to time in accordance with the Master Hire Purchase Agreement. 
"Purchase Price Discount" means 2.85 per cent. 
"Purchased Assets" means together Purchased Receivables and the Purchased Vehicles. 
"Purchased Receivable" means a Lease Receivable (including the respective Ancillary Rights) 
purchased by the Issuer from the Seller in accordance with the Master Hire Purchase Agreement. 
"Purchased Vehicle" means a Leased Vehicle purchased by the Issuer from the Seller pursuant to 
a Hire Purchase Contract, to the extent not retransferred, transferred or otherwise disposed of by or 
on behalf of the Issuer, including following a termination of the relevant Hire Purchase Contract as 
contemplated by the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, to the Call Option Buyer following the 
exercise of the Repurchase Option or to the Seller following the exercise of the Put Option. 
"Purchased Vehicles Records" means the original and/or any copies of the Lease Agreements and 
all documents, books, records and information, in whatever form or medium, relating to the Lease 
Agreements, including all computer tapes and discs specifying, among other things, Lessee details, 
the amount and dates on which payments are due and are paid under the Lease Agreements, which 
are from time to time maintained by the Servicer, the Maintenance Coordinator or the Seller with 
respect to the Purchased Receivables and/or the related Lessee. 
"Purchaser" means the Issuer in its capacity as purchaser of the Purchased Vehicles. 
"Put Option" means, upon a Lease Termination Date and to the extent the Call Option Buyer does 
not exercise the relevant Repurchase Option, the right of the Issuer (but not an obligation to do so) 
to require the Seller to repurchase the relevant Purchased Vehicle sold by it to the Issuer, against 
payment of the relevant Option Exercise Price pursuant to clause 9.2 of the Master Hire Purchase 
Agreement. 
"Rating Agencies" means Morningstar DBRS and Moody's. 
"Receiver" or "receiver" means any receiver or administrative receiver who (in the case of an 
administrative receiver) is a qualified person in accordance with the Insolvency Act and who is 
appointed by the Security Trustee under the Security Assignment Deed in respect of the security and 
includes more than one such receiver and any substituted receiver.

--- Page 215 ---
- 215 - 
"Realisation Procedure Rules" means the Servicer's realisation procedure rules as further 
described in clause 18.1 (p) (General Undertakings of the Servicer) of the Servicing Agreement. 
"Realisation Services" means the services set out in schedule 3 part C (Realisation Services) of the 
Servicing Agreement. 
"Redeemable Amount" means, with respect to each outstanding Note of any Series and the 
Payment Date on which Lease Receivables are sold pursuant to clause 13 (Clean-Up Call Option) 
of the Master Hire Purchase Agreement, an amount determined as the quotient of (A) the Aggregate 
Redeemable Amount, divided by (B) the number of Notes of such Series outstanding on the 
preceding Payment Date. In case of Non-Amortising Series of Notes any redemption payments will 
be made in a way to redeem a certain number of Notes in their principal amount of EUR 100,000. 
"Register" means the register kept and maintained by the Registrar on which the names and 
addresses of the Noteholders and the particulars of the Notes held by such Noteholders and all 
transfers and payments (of interest and principal) of such Notes will be entered. 
"Registered Holder" means in the case of the Class A Notes the nominee of the Common 
Safekeeper in whose name the relevant Global Note has been registered or, in the case of the Class 
B Notes the nominee of the common depositary in whose name the Global Note has been registered. 
"Registrar" means U.S. Bank Europe DAC. 
"Regular Purchase Instalment" means each Purchase Instalment other than the Final Purchase 
Instalment. 
"Relevant Clearing System" means in respect of any Notes, any of the following: Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and/or Clearstream Banking S. A., Luxembourg and any additional or alternative clearing 
system (including Clearstream AG) approved by the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
"Relevant Currency Value" mean with respect to an amount on any day, in case of an amount 
denominated in Euro, such currency and, in case of an amount denominated in a currency other than 
Euro (the "Other Currency"), the amount of Euro that could be purchased with such amount of the 
Other Currency at the spot exchange rate on such day. 
"Relevant Final Terms" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Programme Agreement. 
"Relevant Vehicles" has the meaning given to that term in any Combined Transfer Deed. 
"Renewal Date" means 25 November 2024. 
"Replacement Maintenance Coordinator Fee" means 1/12 x (1 per cent. per annum multiplied by 
the sum of the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance of the Maintenance Coordinator for the 
related Monthly Period), payable by the Issuer to the replacement Maintenance Coordinator upon 
the occurrence of a Maintenance Coordinator Replacement Event. 
"Replenished Additional Discounted Receivables Balance" means on any Additional Purchase 
Date, the lesser of (i) the sum of the Class A Accumulation Amount and the Class B Accumulation 
Amount divided by one (1) minus the Replenished Lease Receivables Overcollateralisation 
Percentage, all as determined with respect to such Additional Purchase Date or (ii), only on each 
Additional Purchase Date on which no Further Notes will be issued, an amount equal to the sum of 
the Additional Lease Receivables that are available to be purchased on such Additional Purchase 
Date. 
"Replenished Lease Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage" means 2.85 per cent. 
"Repurchase Option" means the option that the Call Option Provider provides to the Call Option 
Buyer pursuant to the Master Hire Purchase Agreement. 
"Required Buffer Release Reserve Amount" means on any Payment Date an amount equal to:

--- Page 216 ---
- 216 - 
(a) 
as long as (i) no Reserve Trigger Event has occurred and (ii) following the occurrence of a 
Reserve Trigger Event no such Reserve Trigger Event is continuing: zero; 
(b) 
following the Payment Date on which any and all amounts of interest and principal in respect 
of the Notes have been or will be redeemed in full: zero; 
(c) 
following a Reserve Trigger Event that has occurred and is continuing and provided that the 
Buffer Release Rate is a negative number, such annualised negative Buffer Release Rate 
multiplied by (A) -1 (minus one) and (B) the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance on 
the immediately preceding Payment Date. 
"Required Maintenance Reserve Amount" means an amount equal to: 
(a) 
as long as (i) no Reserve Trigger Event has occurred and (ii) following the occurrence of a 
Reserve Trigger Event no such Reserve Trigger Event is continuing and no Insolvency Event 
in respect of the Maintenance Coordinator has occurred: zero; 
(b) 
following the Payment Date on which any and all amounts of interest and principal in respect 
of the Notes have been or will be redeemed in full: zero; 
(c) 
following a Reserve Trigger Event has occurred, the higher of (A) the quotient of (a) the 
product of (i) the sum of the actual Maintenance Costs calculated as of the respective 
Servicer Report Performance Date over the preceding six (6) Collection Periods multiplied 
(ii) by the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance as of the current Servicer Report 
Performance Date divided by (b) the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance as of the 
preceding Servicer Report Performance Date and (B) EUR 3,000,000.00. 
"Reserve Funding Agreement" means the reserve funding agreement originally dated on or about 
the Signing Date, between the Reserve Funding Provider, the Issuer and the Security Trustee, as 
amended from time to time. 
"Reserve Funding Provider" means Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. 
"Reserve Trigger Event" means that any of the following events occur: 
(a) 
Volkswagen AG ceases to hold directly or indirectly at least 50% of the shares in the Seller; 
or 
(b) 
Morningstar DBRS deems the credit quality of Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. no 
longer commensurate with a long-term rating for unsecured and unguaranteed debt of at 
least BBB(low); or 
(c) 
Volkswagen Financial Services AG no longer has a long-term rating for unsecured and 
unguaranteed debt of at least "Baa2" from Moody's or if a public rating from Moody's is not 
available for Volkswagen Financial Services AG, Volkswagen Financial Services AG 
receives notification from Moody's that Moody's has determined Volkswagen Financial 
Services AG's capacity for timely payment of financial commitments would no longer equal 
a long-term rating for unsecured and unguaranteed debt of at least "Baa2" from Moody's. 
"Revolving Period" means the period from (and including) the Initial Issue Date and ending on (and 
including) the earlier of (i) the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date of the last outstanding Series 
of Notes and (ii) the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event. 
"Revolving Series of Notes" means a Series of Notes whose Revolving Period has not elapsed.  
"Scheduled Repayment Date" shall mean the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
which shall in any event be a Payment Date. 
"Secured Assets" means the assets of the Issuer which are the subject to any Security.  
"Secured Obligations" means:

--- Page 217 ---
- 217 - 
(a) 
any and all existing and future indebtedness and liabilities owed by the Issuer to the Security 
Trustee in connection with the Parallel Debt and any of the Programme Documents; and 
(b) 
if and to the extent that at the time of the creation of the relevant right of pledge or at any 
time thereafter, a Principal Obligation owed to the Security Trustee cannot be validly secured 
through the Parallel Debt, such Principal Obligation itself. 
"Secured Parties" means the Programme Creditors. 
"Securities Act" means the United States Act of 1933. 
"Securitisation Regulation" means the Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council laying down common rules on securitisation and creating a European framework for 
simple, transparent and standardised securitisation and amending Directives 2009/65/EC, 
2009/38EC, 2011/61/EU and Regulations (EC) No 1060/2009 and (EU) No 648/2012, as amended 
from time to time, and any relevant regulatory and/or implementing technical standards adopted by 
the European Commission in relation thereto, and in each case, any relevant guidance published by 
the European Banking Authority, the European Securities and Markets Authority (or, in either case, 
any predecessor authority), the European Commission and by German and Dutch competent 
authorities, and any implementing laws or regulations in force in Germany and the Netherlands. 
"Securitisation Regulation Disclosure Requirements" means the disclosure requirements set out 
in Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1224. 
"Securitisation Repository" means European DataWarehouse GmbH, in its capacity as 
securitisation repository and registered in accordance with Article 10 of the Securitisation Regulation. 
"Security" means all the Adverse Claims from time to time created by the Issuer in favour of the 
Security Trustee (and also for the benefit of the Programme Creditors) pursuant to the provisions of 
the Security Documents. 
"Security Assignment Deed" means the English law deed of charge governing the granting of 
security and declaration of trust entered into, inter alios, between Seller, the Issuer and the Security 
Trustee dated on or about the Renewal Date. 
"Security Documents" means the Pledge Agreements, the Trust Agreement, the Security 
Assignment Deed and any security documents executed pursuant to the Security Assignment Deed 
collectively. 
"Security Trustee" means Stichting Security Trustee VCL Master Netherlands. 
"Section 5" means Section 5 of Chapter III of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 
231/2013 supplementing the EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (2011/61/EC). 
"Seller Event of Default" means the occurrence of any event described in paragraphs (a) to (d) 
below: 
(a) 
the Seller fails to make any payment or deposit to be made by it to the Distribution Account 
within five (5) Business Days after the earliest of (i) receipt by the Seller of a written notice 
from Issuer or any Noteholder of such failure to pay or (ii) the Seller becoming aware of such 
failure to pay;
(b) 
the Seller fails to perform or observe in any material respect any material term, covenant or 
agreement hereunder applicable to it (other than as referred to in paragraphs (a) above) and 
such failure shall remain unremedied for sixty (60) days (or if such failure is not capable of 
remedy, in the Seller's sole discretion, five Business Days) after receipt by the Seller of 
written notice from the Issuer or any Noteholder requiring the failure to be remedied, (which 
Seller Event of Default shall be deemed to occur only upon the last day of the relevant 
period);

--- Page 218 ---
- 218 - 
(c) 
any material written representation or warranty made by the Seller in its capacity as such in 
the Master Hire Purchase Agreement or any of the Programme Documents proves to have 
been incorrect, in any material respect, when made or deemed to be made by reference to 
the facts and circumstances then subsisting (provided, that repurchase or exchange of a 
Lease Receivable by VWPFS in accordance with the Master Hire Purchase Agreement shall 
be deemed to remedy such circumstances with respect to such Receivable), and such 
incorrect representation or warranty shall remain unremedied for sixty (60) days (or, if such 
failure is not capable of remedy, in the Seller's sole discretion, five Business Days) after 
receipt by the Seller of written notice from the Issuer or any Noteholder requiring the 
circumstances causing or responsible for such misrepresentation to be remedied (which 
Seller Event of Default shall be deemed to occur only upon the last day of the relevant 
period); or 
(d) 
the Seller becomes subject to an Insolvency Event;  
provided, however, that if a Seller Event of Default referred to under paragraph (a) to (c) above has 
occurred and was caused by an event beyond the reasonable control of the Seller and if the 
respective delay or failure of performance is cured within a period of 150 days from the date on which 
the original failure to make payment, breach of term, covenant or agreement or breach of 
representation or warranty referred to under paragraph (a) to (c) occurred, a Seller Event of Default 
will be deemed not to have occurred. 
"Seller" means Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. 
"Sellers Vehicles Pledge Agreement" means the sellers vehicles pledge agreement entered into 
by and between the Seller, the Issuer and the Security Trustee on the Signing Date. 
"Seller Warranties" means the Corporate Warranties and the Asset Warranties, collectively. 
"Senior Maintenance Coordinator Fee" means a fee payable to Volkswagen Pon Financial 
Services B.V. in its capacity as Maintenance Coordinator in the amount equal to their respective 
Lease Servicing Collections, Lease VAT Collections and any Lease Incidental Collections, to the 
extent received by the Issuer. 
"Series" means in respect of the Notes, any series issued on a given Issue Date. 
"Series Revolving Period Expiration Date" means with respect to each Series of Notes the 
revolving period expiration as specified for such Series in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Servicer Fee" means, on any Payment Date, 1/12 x (the Servicer Fee Rate multiplied by the sum 
of the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance of the Servicer for the related Monthly Period), 
payable by the Issuer to the Servicer. 
"Servicer Fee Rate" means 1 per cent. per annum. 
"Servicer Insolvency Event" means the occurrence of an Insolvency Event in respect of the 
Servicer. 
"Servicer Replacement Event Deliverables" has the meaning given to that term in clause 23.5(a) 
(Delivery of Documents, etc. by the Servicer) of the Servicing Agreement. 
"Servicer Replacement Event" means the occurrence of any event described in paragraphs (a) to 
(d) below: 
(a) 
the Servicer fails to make any payment or deposit to be made by it to the Distribution Account 
within five (5) Business Days after the earliest of (i) receipt by the Servicer of a written notice 
from Issuer or any Noteholder of such failure to pay or (ii) the Servicer becoming aware of 
such failure to pay;
(b) 
the Servicer fails to perform or observe in any material respect any material term, covenant 
or agreement hereunder applicable to it (other than as referred to in paragraphs (a) above)

--- Page 219 ---
- 219 - 
and such failure shall remain unremedied for sixty (60) days (or if such failure is not capable 
of remedy, in the Servicer's sole discretion, five Business Days) after receipt by the Servicer 
of written notice from the Issuer or any Noteholder requiring the failure to be remedied, 
(which Servicer Replacement Event shall be deemed to occur only upon the last day of the 
relevant period); 
(c) 
any material written representation or warranty made by the Servicer in its capacity as such 
in the Servicing Agreement or any of the Programme Documents proves to have been 
incorrect, in any material respect, when made or deemed to be made by reference to the 
facts and circumstances then subsisting (provided, that repurchase or exchange of a Lease 
Receivable by VWPFS in accordance with the Master Hire Purchase Agreement shall be 
deemed to remedy such circumstances with respect to such Receivable), and such incorrect 
representation or warranty shall remain unremedied for sixty (60) days (or, if such failure is 
not capable of remedy, in the Servicer's sole discretion, five Business Days) after receipt by 
the Servicer of written notice from the Issuer or any Noteholder requiring the circumstances 
causing or responsible for such misrepresentation to be remedied (which Servicer 
Replacement Event shall be deemed to occur only upon the last day of the relevant period); 
or 
(d) 
the Servicer suffers a Servicer Insolvency Event;  
provided, however, that if a Servicer Replacement Event referred to under paragraph (a) to (c) above 
has occurred and was caused by an event beyond the reasonable control of the Servicer and if the 
respective delay or failure of performance is cured within a period of 150 days from the date on which 
the original failure to make payment, breach of term, covenant or agreement or breach of 
representation or warranty referred to under paragraph (a) to (c) occurred, a Servicer Replacement 
Event will be deemed not to have occurred. 
"Servicer Report Performance Date" means the 5th Business Day prior to each Payment Date. 
"Servicer Standard of Care" has the meaning given to that term in clause 3.3 (Standard of Care) of 
the Servicing Agreement. 
"Servicer" means Volkswagen Pon Financial Services B.V. and any replacement servicer appointed 
under the Servicing Agreement. 
"Services" means the services to be provided by the Servicer as set out in the Servicing Agreement. 
"Servicing Agreement" means the servicing agreement between the Servicer, the Issuer and the 
Security Trustee dated on or about the Signing Date, as amended from time to time. 
"Shortfall" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 7.3 (Duties of the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Calculation Agent and Interest Determination Agent) of the Agency Agreements. 
"Signing Date" means on or about 26 May 2016. 
"Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance" means, on each Payment Date, (i) during 
the Revolving Period, an amount equal to 1.35 per cent. of the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of all Notes after application of the applicable Order of Priority on the preceding Payment 
Date, and (ii) after the Revolving Period, the lesser of (a) the Specified General Cash Collateral 
Account Balance as of the last Payment Date of the Revolving Period, and (b) the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes after application of the applicable Order of Priority on the 
preceding Payment Date. 
"Standard Servicing Guidelines" are the guidelines of the Seller which are applicable to any of its 
operational lease agreement entered into with a Lessee and which can be inspected at the offices of 
the Seller. 
"Standard Underwriting Criteria" means the Seller's standard underwriting criteria and procedures, 
which are described in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 220 ---
- 220 - 
"Subordinated Lender" means the subordinated lender under the Subordinated Loan Agreement 
being an Affiliate of Volkswagen AG. 
"Subordinated Loan" means the loan received (or to be received) by the Issuer under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Subordinated Loan Advance" means an advance made in accordance with clause 2.4 (The 
Subordinated Loan) of the Subordinated Loan Agreement.  
"Subordinated Loan Advance Notice" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in clause 2.4 
(The Subordinated Loan) of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Subordinated Loan Amount" has the meaning given to such term in clause 2.1 (The Subordinated 
Loan) of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Subordinated Loan Agreement" means the subordinated loan agreement dated on or about the 
Signing Date, as amended and restated from time to time, and entered into by, inter alios, the Issuer, 
the Subordinated Lender and the Security Trustee, under which the Subordinated Lender will 
advance (or has advanced) the Subordinated Loan to the Issuer. 
"Subordinated Loan Increase Amount" means, with respect to any Further Issue Date, an amount 
equal to the sum of (a) the product of (i) 14.73 per cent. and (ii) the difference between (A) the 
Additional Discounted Balance and (B) the Replenished Additional Discounted Receivables Balance, 
all as determined with respect to such Additional Purchase Date and (b) the amount by which the 
Class B Notes Increase Amount as of such Further Issue Date exceeds the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Class B Notes issued on such Further Issue Date as notified by the Issuer. 
"Substitute Reference Rate" means a rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) provided 
by a third party and meeting any applicable legal requirements for being used for determining the 
payment obligations under the Notes determined by the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, in its due 
discretion, as modified by applying the adjustments (e.g. in the form of premiums or discounts), if 
any, that may be determined by the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, in its due discretion. 
"Successor Bank" means the successor account bank determined in accordance with the Account 
Agreement. 
"Supplementary Pledge Agreement" means in respect of the Issuer Vehicles Pledge Agreement, 
any supplementary issuer vehicles pledge agreement, in respect of the Sellers Vehicles Pledge 
Agreement, any supplementary sellers vehicles pledge agreement and in respect of the Lease 
Receivables Pledge Agreement, any supplementary lease receivables pledge agreement, each 
forming part of a Combined Transfer Deed in the form of Schedule 2 to the Master Hire Purchase 
Agreement. 
"Swap Agreement" means the relevant interest rate swap agreement between the Issuer and the 
Swap Counterparty in respect of the respective Series of Notes pursuant to the 2002 ISDA Master 
Agreement, the associated schedule and the credit support annex and a confirmation dated on or 
about the Renewal Date or any amendments thereto. 
"Swap Agreements" means all swap agreements entered into by the Issuer with respect to any 
Class and Series of notes to swap a floating interest rate under such Series of Notes against a fixed 
rate. 
"Swap Collateral" means the collateral as posted in accordance with the Swap Agreement. 
"Swap Counterparty" means the counterparty to the respective Swap Agreement.  
"Swap Replacement Proceeds" means any amounts received from a replacement Swap 
Counterparty in consideration for entering into a replacement Swap Agreement for a terminated Swap 
Agreement.

--- Page 221 ---
- 221 - 
"Swap Tax Credit" means any amounts relating to tax credits payable by the Issuer to any Swap 
Counterparty pursuant to the provisions of any Swap Agreement. 
"Swap Termination Payment" means payment due to the Swap Counterparty by the Issuer or to 
the Issuer by the Swap Counterparty, including interest that may accrue thereon, under the Swap 
Agreements due to a termination of any Swap Agreement due to an "event of default" or "termination 
event" under that Swap Agreement. 
"Taxes" means any present or future taxes, levies, duties, charges, fees, deductions or withholdings 
of any nature whatsoever (and whatever called) imposed, assessed or levied by any competent fiscal 
authority having power to tax, and shall include any interest or penalties which may attach as a 
consequence of failure to pay on the due date and/or non-payment, and "Tax", "Taxation", "taxes", 
"tax" and similar words shall be construed accordingly. 
"TARGET 2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express System 
(Target 2) which was launched on 19 November 2007. 
"Targeted Delinquent Lease Class A Note Balance" means the Discounted Receivables Balance 
of Delinquent Lease Receivables relating to the Leased Vehicles that are not sold pursuant to clause 
13 (Clean-Up Call/ Sale of Purchased Vehicles to other securitisation vehicles) of the Master Hire 
Purchase Agreement on the respective Payment Date multiplied by 30 per cent. 
"Targeted Delinquent Lease Class B Note Balance" means the Discounted Receivables Balance 
of Delinquent Lease Receivables relating to the Leased Vehicles that are not sold pursuant to clause 
13 (Clean-Up Call/ Sale of Purchased Vehicles to other securitisation vehicles) of the Master Hire 
Purchase Agreement on the respective Payment Date multiplied on the respective Payment Date 
multiplied by 6 per cent. 
"Targeted Non-Delinquent Lease Class A Note Balance" means the product of (i) the sum of (A) 
the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance of Lease Receivables relating to the Leased 
Vehicles that are not Delinquent Lease Receivables and that are not sold pursuant to clause 13 
(Clean-Up Call/ Sale of Purchased Vehicles to other securitisation vehicles) of the Master Hire 
Purchase Agreement on the respective Payment Date, and (B) the Replenished Additional 
Discounted Receivables Balance on the respective Payment Date, and (ii) 75.00 per cent. 
"Targeted Non-Delinquent Lease Class B Note Balance" means the product of (i) the sum of (A) 
the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance of Lease Receivables relating to the Leased 
Vehicles that are not Delinquent Lease Receivables and that are not sold pursuant to clause 13 
(Clean-Up Call/ Sale of Purchased Vehicles to other securitisation vehicles) of the Master Hire 
Purchase Agreement on the respective Payment Date, and (B) the Replenished Additional 
Discounted Receivables Balance on the respective Payment Date, and (ii) 8.50 per cent. 
"Targeted Remaining Class A Note Balance" means the sum of (i) the Targeted Non-Delinquent 
Lease Class A Note Balance and (ii) the Targeted Delinquent Lease Class A Note Balance. 
"Targeted Remaining Class B Note Balance" means the sum of (i) the Targeted Non-Delinquent 
Lease Class B Note Balance and (ii) the Targeted Delinquent Lease Class B Note Balance. 
"Term Takeout" means any disposal and transfer of any or all Hire Purchase Contracts between the 
Seller and the Issuer by the Issuer to a company that issues asset backed securities secured by 
Lease Receivables or other assets originated or acquired by a member of VW Group in connection 
with term issuances of debt instruments of such separate company. 
"Trade Register" means the trade register of the Chamber of Commerce (handelsregister van de 
Kamer van Koophandel) in The Netherlands. 
"Transaction" means the Programme Documents, together with all agreements and documents 
executed in connection with the issuance of the Notes, the performance thereof and all other acts, 
undertakings and activities connected therewith.

--- Page 222 ---
- 222 - 
"Trust Agreement" means the trust agreement dated on or about the Signing Date (as amended 
from time to time) and entered into by, inter alios, the Issuer and the Security Trustee. 
"Trustee Director" means Amsterdamsch Trustee's Kantoor B.V. 
"Trustee Management Agreement" means the management agreement entered into by and 
between the Issuer, the Security Trustee and the Trustee Director in respect of the Security Trustee 
on the Signing Date, as amended from time to time. 
"T2 System" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any 
successor system. 
"UK" or "the United Kingdom" means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
"UK CRA Regulation" means the CRA3 as it is part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the EUWA and as amended by the Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment, etc) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2019. 
"United States" or "U.S." means, for the purpose of issue of the Notes and the Programme 
Documents, the United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) 
and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, America Samoa, Wake 
Island and the Northern Mariana Islands). 
"U.S. Person" means a U.S. person within the meaning of Regulation S and the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules (as applicable). 
"U.S. Risk Retention Rules" means Regulation RR (17 C.F.R Part 246) implementing the risk 
retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 
adopted pursuant to the requirements of Section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and 
Consumer Protection Act. 
"VAT" means, and shall be construed as, a reference to value added tax including any similar tax 
which may be imposed in place thereof from time to time. 
"VAT Component" means the amount of each payment made in respect of a Lease Receivable 
which constitutes VAT thereof. 
"Vehicle" means any passenger vehicle, van or public utility vehicle (openbaar vervoersmiddel). 
"Vehicle Realisation Proceeds" means the sum of: 
(a) 
any and all proceeds resulting from the realisation (e.g. a sale or other disposal, including a 
repurchase of a Purchased Vehicle by the Seller (in case of the exercise of the Repurchase 
Option by the Call Option Buyer or in case of the exercise of the Put Option by the Issuer) 
of any Purchased Vehicle minus any realisation costs incurred in connection with such 
realisation (including, where relevant, any fees payable to the Servicer); and 
(b) 
any compensation payments by insurance companies received in respect of a Purchased 
Vehicle; and 
(c) 
any other proceeds, if any, resulting from such Purchased Vehicle. 
"VW Group" means Volkswagen AG and any of its Affiliates. 
"Waterfall Table" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 6.1 (The Calculation Agent) of 
the Agency Agreement. 
"Weighted Average Hedge Rate" means, on any Cut-Off Date, the quotient of (a) the sum of the 
Weighted Hedge Rates under all Swap Agreements entered into by the Issuer over (b) the sum of 
the notional amounts of such Swap Agreements.

--- Page 223 ---
- 223 - 
"Weighted Average Seasoning" means, on each Payment Date, the weighted average seasoning 
of the Lease Agreements, calculated on a contract by contract based on the number of Instalments 
paid under such Lease Agreement, weighted by the corresponding Discounted Receivables Balance 
of each Lease Receivable Balance as at the end of the Monthly Period immediately prior to such 
Payment Date. 
"Write-Off" means in respect of any debts owed to the Seller by a Lessee under a Lease Agreement 
the action taken by the Seller in its capacity as Servicer to finally write-off such debts in accordance 
with its customary accounting practice in effect from time to time.
"Written-Off Purchased Receivables" means Purchased Receivables which have been subject to 
a Write-Off. 
1.2 
In this Master Definition Schedule words denoting the singular number only shall also include the 
plural number and vice versa, words denoting one gender only shall include the other genders and 
words denoting individuals only shall include firms and corporations and vice versa. 
2. 
INTERPRETATION
In any Programme Document, the following shall apply: 
2.1 
in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word "from" 
means "from and including" and the words "to" and "until" each mean "to but excluding". 
2.2 
the word "including" shall not be exclusive and shall mean "including, without limitation"; 
2.3 
if any date specified in any Programme Document would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business 
Day, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
2.4 
if an amount is specified to be calculated or outstanding on a Payment Date, such amount shall be 
determined prior to the distribution of the Available Distribution Amount in accordance with the 
applicable Order of Priority; 
2.5 
periods of days shall be counted in calendar days unless Business Days are expressly prescribed; 
2.6 
the expression "tax" shall be construed so as to include any tax, levy, impost, duty or other charge 
of similar nature, including, without limitation, any penalty or interest payable in connection with any 
failure to pay or delay in paying the same; 
2.7 
a reference to law, treaty, statute, regulation, order, decree, directive or guideline of any 
governmental authority or agency, or any provision thereof, shall be construed as a reference to such 
law, statute, regulation, order, decree, directive or guideline, or provision, as the same may have 
been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted; 
2.8 
any reference to any Person appearing in any of the Programme Documents shall include its 
successors and permitted assigns; 
2.9 
any reference to an agreement, deed or document shall be construed as a reference to such 
agreement, deed or document as the same may from time to time be amended, varied, novated, 
supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified; 
2.10 
to the extent applicable, the headings of clauses, schedules, sections, articles and exhibits are 
provided for convenience only. They do not form part of any Programme Document and shall not 
affect its construction or interpretation. Unless otherwise indicated, all references in any Programme 
Document to clauses, schedules, sections, articles and exhibits refer to the corresponding clauses, 
schedules, sections, articles or exhibits of that Programme Document; 
2.11 
unless specified otherwise, "promptly" or "immediately" shall mean without undue delay (ohne 
schuldhaftes Zögern, in respect of the German Programme Documents and onverwijld, in respect of 
the Dutch Programme Documents);

--- Page 224 ---
- 224 - 
2.12 
"novation" shall, for the purposes of the German Law Programme Documents, be construed as 
Vertragsübernahme. "To novate" shall be interpreted accordingly;  
2.13 
where a Dutch or German term has been used, it alone and not the English term to which it relates 
shall be contemplated for the interpretation of the relevant Programme Document. Where English 
terms are accompanied by Dutch or German definitions, such definitions shall define how such term 
is to be interpreted under Dutch or German law; 
2.14 
any reference to "Trust Agreement" and "Trust Deed" is to be construed as a reference to the same; 
2.15 
any reference to "Trustee Claim" in the Security Documents is to be construed as a reference to the 
"Parallel Debt"; 
2.16 
any reference to "BOVAG General Conditions" is to be construed as reference to both the BOVAG 
General Conditions and the BOVAG Private General Conditions and any reference to "FOCWA 
General Conditions" in the Master Hire Purchase Agreement and Programme Agreement is to be 
construed as reference to both the BOVAG Private Conditions in Car Body Work and the BOVAG 
Business Conditions in Car Work; 
2.17 
for the purposes of the Pledge Agreements only, for the avoidance of any doubt, notwithstanding the 
governing law of any Programme Document (other than a Dutch Programme Document), the 
obligation to pledge is and will remain governed by and interpreted in accordance with Dutch law; 
2.18 
any reference to the Seller is to be construed where the context requires as a reference to 
predecessor(s) of the Seller; 
2.19 
any reference to the Servicer is to be construed where the context requires as a reference to 
predecessor(s) of the Servicer; and 
2.20 
any reference to the Lessor is to be construed where the context requires as a reference to 
predecessor(s) of the Lessor.

--- Page 225 ---
- 225 - 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
Final Terms 
[Date] 
VCL MASTER NETHERLANDS B.V. 
(a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) 
incorporated under the laws of The Netherlands with its statutory seat in Amsterdam) 
as Issuer 
for the issuance of the 
EUR [] Series [][Class A/Class B] Notes 
[(to be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
EUR [] Series [][Class A/Class B] Notes already outstanding)]. 
issued pursuant to the 
EUR 1,500,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of Notes 
These Final Terms are issued to give details of an issue of [Class A/Class B] Notes by VCL Master 
Netherlands B.V. under the EUR 1,500,000,000 programme for the issuance of Notes (the "Programme"). 
The Final Terms attached to the Base Prospectus dated 19 November 2024 [and supplemented on []] have 
been prepared for the purpose of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Base Prospectus [and any 
supplement thereto] and the Final Terms have been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com) and the Base Prospectus [and any supplement thereto] has been published on 
the website of the Issuer (https://cm.intertrustgroup.com/en/default/offering_circulars/results#Volkswagen). 
The Final Terms of the Series [][Class A/Class B] Notes must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the [Class A/Class B] Notes 
is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. Capitalised 
terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning specified in the Conditions of the [Class A/Class 
B] Notes. All references in these Final Terms to numbered Conditions are to be read as reference to the 
respective Conditions of the [Class A/Class B] Notes. 
1.  
Issue Price: 
[] 
2.  
[Initial] [Further] Issue Date (Condition 8(a)): 
[] 
3.  
[Class A / Class B] Series Number: 
[] 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
4.  
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Further Series [][Class 
A/Class B] Notes: 
EUR [] [Not applicable]

--- Page 226 ---
- 226 - 
5.  
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Series [][Class A/Class B] 
Notes (including the Notes subject of these Final Terms): 
EUR [] [Not applicable] 
6.  
[Class A/Class B] Notes Interest Rate: 
EURIBOR rate for one month Euro 
deposits plus the Margin as set out in 
Condition 8(c)  
 
Amount on which interest is to be paid on the first Payment 
Date (Condition 9(a)): 
EUR: [] 
7.  
Margin (Condition 8(c)): 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
First occurring Payment Date with respect to the Series 
[][Class A/Class B] Notes: 
[] 
8.  
Series Revolving Period Expiration Date: 
Payment Date falling in [] (or as 
extended in accordance with Condition 
9(c)) 
9.  
Scheduled Repayment Date (Condition 9 (d)): 
Payment Date falling in [] (or as 
extended in accordance with Condition 
9(c) 
as 
a 
consequence 
of 
the 
extension of the Series Revolving 
Period Expiration Date) 
10.  
Final Maturity Date (Condition 9(d)): 
[] (or as extended in accordance with 
Condition 9(e) as a consequence of 
the extension of the Series Revolving 
Period Expiration Date) 
11.  
Settlement information: 
[delivery against payment] / [delivery 
free of payment] / [Not applicable] 
12.  
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" 
simply means that the Notes are 
intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper (and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper 
[include this text for Registered Notes 
which are to be held under the NSS]) 
and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intraday credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being 
satisfied 
that 
Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified 
as "no" at the date of these Final 
Terms, 
should 
the 
Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable 
of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper (and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper[include 
this 
text 
for 
Registered Notes which are to be held

--- Page 227 ---
- 227 - 
under the NSS]). Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
13.  
Clearing Codes:  
- ISIN Code 
[] 
- Common Code 
[] 
14.  
Admission to trading and total expenses: 
Application has been made for the 
Series [][Class A/Class B] Notes 
subject of these Final Terms to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange with effect from []. The 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
the 
admission to trading will amount to 
EUR []. 
15.  
Use of proceeds 
The aggregate gross proceeds from 
the issuance of the Series [][Class 
A/Class B] Notes will be used to 
purchase Purchased Vehicles and 
related Lease Receivables from the 
Seller during the Revolving Period, to 
advance Issuer Advances to the 
Seller, to pay costs related to the issue 
of the Series [][Class A/Class B] 
Notes and to endow the Cash 
Collateral Account with the sum of the 
Cash Collateral Amount. 
16.  
Net amount of proceeds 
EUR [] 
[In case of Further Notes being the subject to these Final Terms: please insert updated portfolio data]. 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of Series 
[][Class A/Class B] Notes described herein (as from [insert Issue Date]). 
VCL Master Netherlands B.V.  
[Name & title of signatories]

--- Page 228 ---
- 228 - 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subscription and Sale 
The relevant Note Purchaser has agreed to subscribe the Notes. Each Note Purchaser has agreed to comply 
with the selling restrictions set out below. 
The issuance of the Notes is not designed to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules other than the 
exemption under Section _.20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. "U.S. Risk Retention Rules" means 
Regulation RR (17 C.F.R Part 246) implementing the risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, adopted pursuant to the requirements of Section 941 of the 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
The Notes at all times may not, without the prior consent of the Seller, be purchased by any person except 
for persons that are not "U.S. persons" as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules ("Risk Retention U.S. 
Persons").  Prospective investors should note that the definition of "U.S. person" in the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules is substantially similar to, but not identical to, the definition of "U.S. person" in Regulation S.  
Each purchaser of Notes, including beneficial interests therein, will be deemed, and in certain circumstances 
will be required, to represent and agree that: (1) it is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person (2) it is acquiring such 
Note or a beneficial interest therein for its own account and not with a view to distribute such Note; and (3) it 
is not acquiring such Note or a beneficial interest therein as part of a scheme to evade the requirements of 
the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. 
The Notes may not be sold to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except (i) pursuant to an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of, the Securities Act and (ii) 
in accordance with an exemption from the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
All applicable laws and regulations must be observed in any jurisdiction in which the Notes may be offered, 
sold or delivered, to the best of each Note Purchaser's' knowledge and belief (subject that each Note 
Purchaser shall have no liability to the Issuer or the Seller in respect of any non-observance of the U.S. Risk 
Retention Rules by the Issuer or the Seller or any other person). Each Note Purchaser has agreed that it will 
not, directly or indirectly, offer, sell or deliver any of the Notes or distribute the Base Prospectus or any other 
offering material relating to the Notes, in or from any jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result 
in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations of such jurisdiction, to the best of each Note 
Purchaser's knowledge and belief, and that it will not impose any obligations on the Issuer except as set out 
in the Programme Agreement. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Note Purchasers will not have any liability to the Issuer or the Seller for 
compliance with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules by the Issuer or the Seller or any other person except to the 
extent as set out in the Note Purchase Agreement. 
United States of America and its Territories 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act, 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state or local securities laws and under 
circumstances designed to preclude the issuer from having to register under the Investment Company Act.  
Each of the Note Purchasers has represented and agreed under the Programme Agreement that it has not 
offered, sold or delivered the Notes, and will not offer or sell the Notes (i) as part of its distribution at any time 
or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after the later of the date the Notes are first offered to Persons 
other than distributors in reliance on Regulation S and the Closing Date except, in either case, only in 
accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 (as applicable) of Regulation S under the Securities Act. Neither the 
Note Purchasers nor their respective affiliates (as defined in Rule 501(b) of Regulation D under the Securities

--- Page 229 ---
- 229 - 
Act) nor any Persons acting on their behalf have engaged or will engage in any "directed selling efforts" with 
respect to the Notes, and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirements of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. At or prior to confirmation of the sale of Notes, the respective Note 
Purchasers will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other 
remuneration that purchases Notes from them during the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S) a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect:   
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 
forty (40) calendar days after the later of the date the Notes are first offered to Persons other than 
distributors in reliance on Regulation S and the Closing Date except, in either case, in accordance 
with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used above have the meaning given to them in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act." 
Terms used in this section have the meaning given to them in Regulation S under the Securities Act and as 
used in this paragraph "U.S. Person" means a U.S. person within the meaning of Regulation S. 
The Notes may not be offered, or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
Persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements 
of, the Securities Act. 
United Kingdom 
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA")) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not 
apply to the Issuer; and  
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Republic of France 
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed, and each further Note Purchaser appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, 
(a) 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise transferred and will not offer, sell or otherwise transfer, directly 
or indirectly, any Notes to the public in France other than in accordance with the exemption of article 
1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to 
the public in France, other than to qualified investors, as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to 
the Notes. 
Germany 
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed that the Notes have not been and will not be offered or 
sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in Germany other than in compliance with the provisions of the 
German Asset Investment Act (Vermögensanlagengesetz), or of any other laws applicable in Germany 
governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed, and each further Note Purchaser appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final

--- Page 230 ---
- 230 - 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed, and each further Note Purchaser appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; and  
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes.

--- Page 231 ---
- 231 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation of Note Issuance 
The issuance of the Notes was authorised by the board of directors of the Issuer on 26 May 2016. The 
increase in the Programme Amount from EUR 1,000,000,000 to EUR 1,5000,000,000 was authorised by the 
board of directors of the Issuer on 19 November 2021. The update and extension of the Programme was 
authorised by the board of directors of the Issuer on 11 November 2024.  
Governmental, Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
During the period covering the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not been 
engaged in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had in the recent past significant 
effects on the Issuer's financial position or profitability. 
Material Adverse Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 31 
December 2023. 
Payment Information and Post-Issuance Transaction Information 
The Issuer intends to provide post-issuance transaction information regarding the Notes to be admitted to 
trading and the performance of the underlying assets. The Servicer will provide the investors with monthly 
investor reports regarding the Notes and the performance of the underlying assets. Such investor reports will 
be provided on a monthly basis and sent directly to the relevant investors.  
For as long as any of the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Issuer 
will notify the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of the interest payable, Interest Accrual Periods and the Interest 
Rates and the payments of principal, in each case without delay after their determination pursuant to the 
Conditions of the Notes. This information will be communicated to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at the 
latest on the first day of each interest period. 
All information to be given to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 7 of the Notes will be available and may 
be obtained (free of charge) at the specified office of the Issuer. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear as operator 
of the Euroclear system. 
All notices to the Noteholders regarding the Notes shall be (i) published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) as long as the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require and (ii) (a) be delivered to the applicable clearing 
systems for communication by them to the Noteholders and (b) be sent directly to the relevant Noteholder by 
the Security Trustee. Any notice referred to under (ii) (a) above shall be deemed to have been given to all 
Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was delivered to the respective clearing 
system. Any notice referred to under (i) above shall be deemed to have been given to all Noteholders on the 
seventh day after the day on which the said notice was published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com). Any notice referred to under (ii) (b) above shall be deemed to have been given 
upon confirmation of receipt by the respective Noteholder. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
The Issuer is expected to make application for the Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading at the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
ICSDs 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II

--- Page 232 ---
- 232 - 
B-1210 Brussels 
Belgium 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme,  
42 Avenue JF Kennedy 
L-1885 Luxembourg 
Clearing Codes of Notes 
As set out in the Final Terms prepared for the relevant Series of Notes. 
Inspection of Documents 
Copies of the following documents may be inspected during customary business hours on any working day 
from the date hereof (or the date of publication of such document, as relevant) as long as the Notes remain 
outstanding or at least ten years after listing at the registered office of the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent or made available upon request by means of electronic distribution, (i) this Base Prospectus and any 
Final Terms, (ii) the Programme Documents, and (iii) the articles of association of the Issuer and all historical 
and future financial statements of the Issuer. A copy of this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms 
will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and a copy of this 
Base 
Prospectus 
only 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://cm.intertrustgroup.com/en/default/offering_circulars/results#Volkswagen). The articles of association 
of the Issuer and all historical financial reports of the Issuer (interim financial reports will not be prepared) will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://cm.intertrustgroup.com/en/default/offering_circulars/results#Volkswagen). 
The Servicer shall publish Monthly Investor Reports regarding the Notes and the performance of the 
underlying assets. Monthly Investor Reports shall be published by the Servicer five days prior to the Payment 
Date of a calendar month on the via the Securitisation Repository. Furthermore, the Monthly Investor Report 
will be published by the Servicer five days prior to the Payment Date of a calendar month available on 
https://www.vwfs.com/en/investor-relations/volkswagen-financial-services-ag/refinancing.html#. Subject to 
any amendments in accordance with the Securitisation Regulation, such Monthly Investor Reports will 
provide, inter alia, the following information: 
(a) 
pool balance; 
(b) 
Collections for the Monthly Period; 
(c) 
overcollateralisation; 
(d) 
credit enhancement; 
(e) 
Available Distribution Amount; 
(f) 
outstanding discounted balance before and after origination of Additional Lease Receivables; 
(g) 
outstanding contracts; 
(h) 
contract status; 
(i) 
early settlements; 
(j) 
contracts in arrears; 
(k) 
change in delinquencies; 
(l) 
write-offs on the Lease Contracts; 
(m) 
Revolving Period; 
(n) 
Dynamic Loss Ratio;

--- Page 233 ---
- 233 - 
(o) 
12-Months Average Dynamic Gross Loss Ratio; 
(p) 
Late Delinquency Ratio; 
(q) 
information on fulfilment of the Credit Enhancement Increase Condition; 
(r) 
Maintenance Costs and Maintenance Reserve; 
(s) 
Residual Values; 
(t) 
terminated contracts – realisation amounts 
(u) 
amounts of interest paid or unpaid on the Notes and the Subordinated Loan; 
(v) 
development of the Notes and of the Subordinated Loan; 
(w) 
Cash Collateral Amount; 
(x) 
Monthly Remittance Condition and occurrence of an event that required posting of the Maintenance 
Reserve and Buffer Release Reserve and the related Monthly Collateral and Required Maintenance 
Reserve Amount and Required Buffer Release Reserve Amount;  
(y) 
Order of Priority; and 
(z) 
the Buffer Release Rate, any amount standing to the credit of the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger, 
any Positive Buffer Release Amount and any Negative Buffer Release Amount.

--- Page 234 ---
- 234 - 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information, which has been published and filed with the Commission de Surveillance du 
Secteur Financier, shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
Comparative table of documents incorporated by reference 
Page 
Section 
of 
Base 
Prospectus 
Document incorporated by reference 
135 
The Issuer, Financial 
Statements 
The Issuer's audited annual financial statements for the year ended 
31 December 2022 and the independent auditor’s report thereto, prepared 
in accordance with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code: 
Page 
Directors' report  ......................................................................................................................... 3 - 11 
Balance sheet as at 31 December 2022 ......................................................................................... 12 
Statement of income for the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022 ........................... 13 
Statement of cash flows for the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022 ...................... 14 
General notes to the financial statements ................................................................................ 15 - 24 
Notes to the balance sheet ...................................................................................................... 25 - 31 
Notes to the statement of income ............................................................................................ 32 - 34 
Other information ............................................................................................................................ 35 
Independent auditor's report .................................................................................................... 36 - 42 
https://cm.intertrustgroup.com/atc/assets/docs/VCL%20Master%20Netherlands%20B.V.%20finan
cial%20statements%202022_FINAL(unsigned)%20incl%20audit%20opinion.pdf
Page 
Section 
of 
Base 
Prospectus 
Document incorporated by reference 
135 
The Issuer, Financial 
Statements 
The Issuer's audited annual financial statements for the year ended 
31 December 2023 and the independent auditor’s report thereto, prepared 
in accordance with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code: 
Page 
Directors' report  ........................................................................................................................ 3 - 11 
Balance sheet as at 31 December 2023…………………………………………………………………12 
Statement of income for the period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023 ........................... 13 
Statement of cash flows for the period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023 ...................... 14 
General notes to the financial statements ....................................................................................... 15 
Notes to the balance sheet ........................................................................................................ 14-24 
Notes to the statement of income .............................................................................................. 25-31 
Other information ....................................................................................................................... 32-34 
Independent auditor's report ........................................................................................................... 35 
https://cm.gcm.cscglobal.com/atc/assets/docs/VCL%20Master%20Netherlands%20B.V._financial%20state
ments%202023%20+%20auditor%20report_FINAL.pdf
The parts of the documents incorporated by reference that are not incorporated are either not relevant for an 
investor or covered in another part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 235 ---
- 235 - 
Availability of incorporated documents 
Any document incorporated herein by reference can be obtained without charge at the offices of VCL Master 
Netherlands B.V. as set out at the end of this Base Prospectus. In addition, such documents will be available 
free of charge from the principal office in London of U.S. Bank Europe DAC for Notes listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) 
and 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://cm.intertrustgroup.com/en/default/offering_circulars/results#Volkswagen).

--- Page 236 ---
- 236 - 
REGISTERED ADDRESS OF 
THE ISSUER 
VCL Master Netherlands B.V. 
Basisweg 10 
1043 AP Amsterdam  
The Netherlands 
THE SECURITY TRUSTEE 
Stichting Security Trustee VCL Master Netherlands 
Basisweg 10 
1043 AP Amsterdam  
The Netherlands 
CASH ADMINISTRATOR 
ACCOUNT BANK, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, 
INTEREST DETERMINATION AGENT, 
REGISTRAR AND CALCULATION AGENT
US Bank Global Corporate Trust Limited 
125 Old Broad Street 
Fifth Floor 
London EC2N 1AR 
United Kingdom
U.S. Bank Europe DAC 
Building 8 
Cherrywood Business Park 
Loughlinstown 
Dublin 18 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
Transaction Counsel 
as to the laws of The Netherlands 
as to German law 
Hogan Lovells International LLP 
Atrium - North Tower 
Strawinskylaan 4129 
1077 ZX Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Hogan Lovells International LLP 
Große Gallusstraße 18 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
as to English law 
Hogan Lovells International LLP 
Atlantic House 
Holborn Viaduct 
London EC1A 2FG  
United Kingdom

--- Page 237 ---
- 237 - 
AUDITORS 
to the Issuer 
EY Accountants B.V. 
Antonio Vivaldistraat 150 
1083 HP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands
#//1080220/4132-5828-4626.2