--- Page 1 ---
F 
 
 
 
This document constitutes a base prospectus in respect of non-equity securities within the meaning of 
Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Base Prospectus"). 
BASE PROSPECTUS  
VCL MASTER S.A. 
acting with respect to its Compartment 1  
(incorporated with limited liability in Luxembourg with registered number B149052) 
as Issuer 
EUR 4,000,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of Notes 
(the "Programme")  
Under this Programme, VCL Master S.A. (the "Issuer") acting with respect to its Compartment 1 may from 
time to time issue asset backed floating rate Class A Notes and asset backed floating rate Class B Notes 
(together the "Notes") denominated in Euro (subject always to compliance with all legal and/or regulatory 
requirements).   
In this Base Prospectus, a reference to the Issuer without any specific reference to its Compartment(s) means 
that the Issuer is acting with respect to its Compartment 1. 
The Issuer will issue the relevant Class of Notes in series with different issue dates, interest rates and 
scheduled repayment dates (but having the same interest payment dates) (each a "Series"). 
For each issue of Notes, final terms to this Base Prospectus (each such final terms referred to as "Final 
Terms") will be provided as a separate document. The Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus. 
The proceeds of any Notes will be used to finance the purchase by the Issuer of the Lease Receivables from 
Volkswagen Leasing GmbH ("VWL") pursuant to the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Each Note entitles the holder to demand the payment of a particular amount of interest and/or principal only, 
if and to the extent such amounts have been received by the Issuer from the Lease Receivables Collections 
Amount, from the Cash Collateral Account, from the enforcement of the Security with respect to the Lease 
Receivables and from the Swap Agreements. The sum of the Nominal Amount of the Notes plus the 
overcollateralisation amount plus the Subordinated Loan equals the present value of the Purchased Lease 
Receivables discounted to the relevant Cut-Off Date using the Lease Receivables Discount Rate. In case of 
payment in full by the respective Lessees in accordance with the underlying Lease Contracts and/or utilisation 
of the Cash Collateral Account to the extent any shortfall of Purchased Lease Receivables is fully covered 
thereby, and subject to receipt in full of the amounts payable under the Swap Agreements each holder of a 
Note is entitled to payment of the principal amount plus interest calculated at a percentage rate per annum 
being the sum of one-month EURIBOR plus the applicable Margin, in each case with reference to the principal 
amount of each Note remaining outstanding immediately prior to the time of each payment and published 
pursuant to Condition 12. Payments of principal and interest on each series of Notes will be made monthly in 
arrear on the 25th day of each month in each year or, in the event such date is not a Business Day, on the 
next following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case the date will be 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF") of Luxembourg in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and the 
Luxembourg law dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
 
prospectus pour valeurs mobilières) (the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"). Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are subject to this Base Prospectus or an 
endorsement of the Issuer that is subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. In the context of such approval, the CSSF neither 
assumes any responsibility nor gives any undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the 
transaction and the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus 
Law. Application will be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes to be listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated 
market upon their issuance. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for 
the purpose of Directive 2014/65/EU. This Base Prospectus constitutes, a prospectus for the purpose of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation, and, will be published in electronic form on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).The validity of this Base Prospectus will expire on 23 
September 2025. After such date there is no obligation of the Issuer to issue supplements to this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies. This Base 
Prospectus is published on the website of Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. (https://circumferencefs-
luxembourg.com). 
Any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the CSSF, except for any website referred to in the section of this Base Prospectus 
headed "DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE". 
Each of the Notes in the denomination of EUR 100,000 will be governed by the laws of Germany and will be 
represented by a global registered note (each a "Global Note"), without interest coupons. Each Global Note 
for any Series of Class A Notes shall be deposited with a Common Safekeeper for Clearstream Banking 
société anonyme, Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") to 
be held under the new safekeeping structure ("NSS") and which will be registered in the name of a nominee 
of the Common Safekeeper. Each Global Note for any Series of Class B Notes shall be deposited with a 
common depositary for Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and be held in book-entry form only. The 
Notes represented by the Global Notes will not be exchangeable for definitive notes. The Class A Notes are 
intended to be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility. This does not mean that the Class A 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon, 
inter alia, satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. See "OVERVIEW OF THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES – Global Notes." 
Ratings will be assigned to the Notes by DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS"), and S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P Global"). In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union 
"EU" and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament, as amended by 
Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 and by Regulation (EU) No 462/2013 ("CRA3"). Each of DBRS and S&P Global 
has been registered in accordance with the CRA3 and is established in the European Union. Reference is 
made to the list of registered or certified credit rating agencies published by ESMA, as last updated on 19 
June 2024, which can be found on the website http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk. The assignment of ratings to the Notes or an outlook on these ratings is not a recommendation 
to invest in the Notes and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn at any time. 
In accordance with CRA3 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA and 
as amended by the Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment, etc) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"), the credit ratings assigned to the Notes by DBRS and S&P Global will be endorsed by DBRS 
Ratings Limited and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, as applicable, being rating agencies which are 
registered with the Financial Conduct Authority. 
UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued 
or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation.  
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
("EURIBOR"), which is provided by European Money Markets Institute, with its office in Brussels, Belgium 
(the "Administrator"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Administrator does appear on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
 
Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the 
"Benchmarks Regulation"). 
Securitisation Regulation 
The Seller, in its capacity as originator, will whilst any of the Notes remain outstanding retain for the life of the 
Programme a material net economic interest of not less than 5 per cent. with respect to the Programme in 
accordance with Article 6(3)(c) of Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 (the "Securitisation Regulation") and 
undertakes that it will not reduce, hedge or otherwise mitigate its credit exposure to the material net economic 
interest for the purposes of Article 6(1) of the Securitisation Regulation and Article 6 of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2175 of 7 July 2023 on supplementing the Securitisation Regulation with 
regard to regulatory technical standards specifying in greater detail the risk retention requirements for 
originators, sponsors, original lenders and services (the "RRTS") adopted by the Commission pursuant to 
Article 6(7) of the EU Securitisation Regulation, provided that the level of retention may reduce over time in 
compliance with Article 10 (2) of the RRTS. As at the Closing Date, such interest will, in accordance with 
Article 6(3)(c) of the Securitisation Regulation, and, pursuant to Article 6 of the RRTS, be comprised of an 
interest in randomly selected exposures equivalent to no less than 5 per cent. of the nominal value of the 
securitised exposures. The Seller in its capacity as servicer will service all of the retained exposures, the 
securitised exposures and comparable exposures held on its balance sheet in accordance with its customary 
practices in effect from time to time. 
The Servicer will prepare Monthly Investor Reports wherein relevant information with regard to the Purchased 
Lease Receivables will be disclosed publicly together with an overview of the retention of the material net 
economic interest by the Seller with a view to complying with Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation. 
Each prospective investor is required to independently assess and determine the sufficiency of the information 
described in the preceding paragraphs of this section and in this Base Prospectus generally for the purposes 
of complying with Article 5 of the Securitisation Regulation and any corresponding national measures which 
may be relevant and none of the Issuer, the Seller (in its capacity as the Seller and the Servicer), the Arranger, 
the Swap Counterparty, the Lead Manager, nor the Programme Parties makes any representation that the 
information described above or in this Base Prospectus generally is sufficient in all circumstances for such 
purposes. In addition, each prospective investor should ensure that it complies with the implementing 
provisions in respect of the Securitisation Regulation as applicable in its relevant jurisdiction. Prospective 
investors who are uncertain as to the requirements which apply to them in respect of their relevant jurisdiction 
should seek guidance from their regulator and/or independent legal advice on the issue.  
Pursuant to Article 27(1) of the Securitisation Regulation, the Seller notified the European Securities Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") that the Programme meets the requirements of Articles 19 to 22 of the Securitisation 
Regulation (the "STS Notification"). The purpose of the STS Notification is to set out how in the opinion of 
the Seller each requirement of Articles 19 to 22 of the Securitisation Regulation has been complied with. As 
the Programme is classified as STS, the most recent STS Notification is available for download on the website 
of ESMA. The STS Notification has been made in accordance with the requirements of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1226. ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website a list of all securitisations 
which the originators and sponsors have notified as meeting the STS Requirements in accordance with Article 
27(5) of the Securitisation Regulation. For this purpose, ESMA has set up a register under 
https://registers.esma.europa.eu/publication/searchRegister?core=esma_registers_stsre.  
The Seller accepts responsibility for the information set out in this section "Securitisation Regulation". 
The Seller has internal policies and procedures in relation to the granting of credit, administration of credit-
risk bearing portfolios and risk mitigation. The policies and procedures of the Seller in this regard broadly 
include the following: 
(a) 
criteria for the granting of credit and the process for approving, amending, renewing and re-financing 
credits, as to which please see further the section of this Base Prospectus headed "BUSINESS 
PROCEDURES OF VOLKSWAGEN LEASING GMBH" and "ADMINISTRATION OF THE 
PURCHASED LEASE RECEIVABLES UNDER THE SERVICING AGREEMENT"; 
(b) 
systems in place to administer and monitor the various credit-risk bearing portfolios and exposures, 
as to which we note that the Portfolio will be serviced in line with the usual servicing procedures of

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
 
the Seller – please see further the section of this Base Prospectus headed "ADMINISTRATION OF 
THE PURCHASED LEASE RECEIVABLES UNDER THE SERVICING AGREEMENT"; 
(c) 
diversification of credit portfolios given the Seller's target market and overall credit strategy, as to 
which, in relation to the Portfolio, please see the section of this Base Prospectus headed 
"DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO"; 
(d) 
policies and procedures in relation to risk mitigation techniques, as to which please see further the 
sections of this Base Prospectus headed "BUSINESS PROCEDURES OF VOLKSWAGEN 
LEASING GMBH" and "ADMINISTRATION OF THE PURCHASED LEASE RECEIVABLES 
UNDER THE SERVICING AGREEMENT".  
For a discussion of certain significant factors affecting investments in the Notes, see "RISK 
FACTORS". 
For reference to the definitions of capitalised terms appearing in this Base Prospectus and certain 
interpretation rules, see "THE MASTER DEFINITIONS SCHEDULE". 
 
 
 
 
 
ARRANGER 
 
 
Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and 
Investment Bank 
 
 
 
 
 
LEAD MANAGER 
 
 
Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and 
Investment Bank 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 23 September 2024.

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
 
The Issuer accepts full responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final 
Terms. Subject to the foregoing, the Issuer has taken all reasonable care to ensure that the information given 
in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms is to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and 
does not omit anything likely to affect its import and the Issuer has taken all reasonable care to ensure that 
the information stated herein is true and accurate in all material respects and that there are no other material 
facts the omission of which would make misleading any statement herein, whether of fact or opinion. VWL as 
the Seller and Servicer only accepts full responsibility for information in this Base Prospectus and, if any, in 
the Final Terms relating to the Purchased Lease Receivables, the disclosure of servicing related risk factors, 
risk factors relating to the Purchased Lease Receivables, the information contained in "DESCRIPTION OF 
THE 
PORTFOLIO", 
"BUSINESS 
PROCEDURES 
OF 
VOLKSWAGEN 
LEASING 
GMBH",  
"ADMINISTRATION OF THE PURCHASED LEASE RECEIVABLES UNDER THE SERVICING 
AGREEMENT" and "BUSINESS AND ORGANISATION OF VOLKSWAGEN LEASING GMBH". VWL has 
taken all reasonable care to ensure that the information for which it accepts responsibility is, to the best of 
their knowledge, in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its import. The Lead 
Manager accepts full responsibility for the information contained in "WEIGHTED AVERAGE LIFE OF THE 
NOTES" (subject to the qualifications in such section), except that to the extent there is any inaccuracy 
resulting from information provided by VWL to the Lead Manager, in which case VWL is solely responsible 
for such information. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representations, other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus, in connection with the issue and sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representations must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, VWL, 
the Security Trustee, the Expectancy Rights Trustee, the Servicer, the Data Protection Trustee, the Lead 
Manager or by the Arranger shown on the cover page or any other parties described in this Base Prospectus. 
The Lead Manager does not take responsibility for the subscription, sale or other matters in connection with 
the issue of any Notes under this Base Prospectus except to the extent that the Lead Manager takes part in 
such issue as manager, underwriter, selling agent or in similar capacity. The delivery of this Base Prospectus 
does not imply any assurance by the Issuer, VWL, the Security Trustee, the Expectancy Rights Trustee, the 
Servicer, the Data Protection Trustee, the Lead Manager or by the Arranger shown on the cover page or any 
other parties described in this Base Prospectus that this Base Prospectus will continue to be correct at all 
times during the one-year period of validity except that the Issuer will publish a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus if and when required pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Any such supplement 
will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the website of 
Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. (https://circumferencefs-luxembourg.com). 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPS Regulation. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market 
Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market  
Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
pursuant to the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (a) the target market for the Notes is only: (i) eligible counterparties, as defined in 
COBS; and (ii) professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (b) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate, noting the responsibility of each 
manufacturer under COBS only. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Neither the Issuer nor VWL has undertaken any target market assessment or assumes responsibility for the 
results thereof. 
The Notes at all times may not be purchased, without the prior consent of the Seller, by any person except 
for persons that are not "U.S. persons" as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules ("Risk Retention U.S. 
Persons"). "U.S. Risk Retention Rules" means Regulation RR (17 C.F.R Part 246) implementing the risk 
retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Prospective 
investors should note that the definition of "U.S. person" in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules is substantially 
similar to, but not identical to, the definition of "U.S. person" in Regulation S. Each purchaser of Notes, 
including beneficial interests therein, will be deemed to, and in certain circumstances will be required to, 
represent and agree that (1) it is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person (2) it is acquiring such Note or a beneficial 
interest therein for its own account and not with a view to distribute such Note to a U.S. person; and (3) it is 
not acquiring such Note or a beneficial interest therein as part of a scheme to evade the requirements of the 
U.S. Risk Retention Rules. The Notes may not be offered, or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. Persons except (i) pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to the registration requirements of, the Securities Act and (ii) in accordance with an exemption from the U.S. 
Risk Retention Rules. 
The issuance of the Notes was not designed to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules other than the 
exemption under Section _.20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules and no other steps have been taken by the 
Issuer, the Seller, the Arranger, the Lead Manager or any of their affiliates or any other party to accomplish 
such compliance. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor any offering, sale or delivery of any Notes 
shall, under any circumstances, create any implication (i) that the information in this Base Prospectus is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof, or (ii) that there has been no adverse change in the financial 
situation of the Issuer or with respect to VWL since the date of this Base Prospectus or the balance sheet 
date of the most recent relevant financial statements or (iii) that any other information supplied in connection 
with the issue of the Notes is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, 
the date indicated in the document containing the same. This does not affect the obligation of the Issuer to 
file a supplement in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Any such supplement will be

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the website of 
Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. (https://circumferencefs-luxembourg.com). 
No action has been taken by the Issuer, the Lead Manager and the Arranger other than as set out in this 
Base Prospectus that would permit a public offering of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other offering material in any country or jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus (or any part hereof) or any Final Terms, nor any advertisement or other offering materials may be 
issued, distributed or published in any country or jurisdiction except in compliance with applicable laws, 
orders, rules and regulations, and the Issuer, the Lead Manager and the Arranger have represented that all 
offers and sales by them have been made on such terms. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to 
buy any securities other than the securities to which it relates or an offer to sell or the solicitation of any offer 
to buy any of the securities offered hereby in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful.  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus (or of any part thereof) or any Final Terms and the offering and sale 
of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus (or any part thereof) comes are required by the Issuer, the Lead Manager and the Arranger to 
inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final 
Terms constitute, or may be used for, or in connection with, an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction 
in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer 
or solicitation. For a further description of certain restrictions on offerings and sales of the Notes and 
distribution of this Base Prospectus (or of any part thereof) or any Final Terms see "SUBSCRIPTION AND 
SALE". 
THE NOTES OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE 
SECURITIES LAWS, NOR HAS THE ISSUER BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940 (THE "INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT"). THE ISSUER WILL BE 
RELYING ON AN EXCLUSION OR EXEMPTION FROM THE DEFINITION OF "INVESTMENT COMPANY" 
UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT CONTAINED IN SECTION 3(C)(1) OF THE INVESTMENT 
COMPANY ACT, ALTHOUGH THERE MAY BE ADDITIONAL STATUTORY OR REGULATORY 
EXCLUSIONS OR EXEMPTIONS AVAILABLE TO THE ISSUER. 
If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document you should consult your stockbroker, 
bank manager, legal advisor, accountant or other financial adviser. 
 
An investment in the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus is only suitable for financially 
sophisticated investors who are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such investment and 
who have sufficient resources to be able to bear any losses which may result from such investment 
(including the total loss of the amount invested in the Notes together with the expenses incurred for 
purchasing and holding the Notes). 
It should be remembered that the price of securities and the expected income from them may 
decrease. 
 
Neither the Arranger nor the Lead Manager has verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by any of the Arranger or the Lead Manager as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms, except for such information for which a responsibility 
of the Arranger or the Lead Manager is explicitly provided for. In making an investment decision, investors 
must rely on their own examination of the terms of this offering, including the merits and risks involved.

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW 
 
 
 
Revolving Period 
 
The period from (and including) the Initial Issue Date and ending on 
(but excluding) the earlier of (i) the Series Revolving Period Expiration 
Date of the last outstanding Series of Notes and (ii) the occurrence of 
an Early Amortisation Event.  
 
 
 
Expected Ratings on Initial 
Issue Date and any Further 
Issue Date for all Series of 
Class A Notes 
 
 
AAA (sf) by DBRS 
AAA (sf) by S&P Global 
 
Expected Ratings on Initial 
Issue Date and any Further 
Issue Date for all Series of 
Class B Notes 
 
 
At least A(high) (sf) by DBRS 
At least A+ (sf) by S&P Global 
 
 
Each of DBRS and S&P Global is established in the European Union. 
According to the press release from European Securities Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") dated 31 October 2011, DBRS and S&P Global 
have been registered in accordance with the CRA3. Reference is made 
to the list of registered or certified credit rating agencies published by 
ESMA, 
which 
can 
be 
found 
on 
following 
website 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
In accordance with the UK CRA Regulation, the credit ratings assigned 
to the Notes by DBRS and S&P Global will be endorsed by DBRS 
Ratings Limited and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, as applicable, 
being rating agencies which are registered with the Financial Conduct 
Authority. 
 
 
 
Form 
 
Global registered notes held by a common safekeeper and common 
depositary, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg. 
 
 
 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading 
 
Application will be made for listing on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and for admission to trading of the Notes at the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
 
 
Clearing 
 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/ 
Euroclear

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
 
Key minimum required rating during the term of the Programme 
 
 
 
 
 
Short-term ratings 
 
Long-term ratings 
Account Bank Required Rating 
 
 
"A" from DBRS or 
DBRS Critical Obligations 
Rating of "A (high)" and 
 
"A-1" from S&P Global and 
 
"A" from S&P Global or 
 
 
 
"A+" from S&P Global 
Eligible Swap Counterparty 
(without collateral) 
 
 
"A" from DBRS or 
DBRS Critical Obligations 
Rating of "A" 
 
Counterparty ratings for the 
S&P 
Collateral 
Framework 
Option then in effect pursuant 
to the Swap Agreement. 
 
Counterparty ratings for the 
S&P Collateral Framework 
Option 
then 
in 
effect 
pursuant 
to 
the 
Swap 
Agreement.

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Clause 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
13 
RISK FACTORS 
26 
I. RISK FACTORS WHICH ARE SPECIFIC AND MATERIAL TO THE ISSUER 
26 
II. RISKS RELATED TO THE NATURE OF THE NOTES 
28 
Liability and Limited Recourse under the Notes 
28 
No gross up of payments 
28 
Change of Law 
29 
Risks in connection with the application of the German Debenture Act (Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz - SchVG)) 
29 
Modification of Conditions of the Notes 
29 
Ratings of each Class of Notes 
29 
Responsibility of Prospective Investors 
29 
Interest Rate Risk / Risk of Swap Counterparty Insolvency 
30 
Market and Liquidity Risk for the Notes 
30 
Eurosystem Eligibility 
31 
III.  RISKS RELATED TO THE PURCHASED LEASE RECEIVABLES 
31 
Credit Risk of the Parties 
31 
Risk of Early Repayment 
31 
Adverse macroeconomic and geopolitical developments may have a material negative impact 
on the performance of the Issuer under the Notes 
31 
Risk of Losses on the Purchased Lease Receivables 
31 
Risks Relating to the Insolvency of the Seller of the Purchased Lease Receivables 
32 
Commingling Risk 
32 
Risk of Change of Servicer 
32 
Risk of Non-Existence of Purchased Lease Receivables 
33 
Restriction on Assignment 
33 
Risks Resulting from Consumer Credit Legislation 
33 
Risk of Defences and other Set-Off Rights of Lessees against Assignment 
34 
Further German Civil Law Aspects 
34 
Termination for Good Cause (Kündigung aus wichtigem Grund) 
35 
Risk of Re-characterisation of the Programme as Loan Secured by Purchased Lease 
Receivables 
35 
Reliance on Warranties 
35 
Reliance on Servicing and Collection Procedures 
36 
Conflicts of Interest 
36 
Risks regarding the Sale of Used Vehicles after automatic transfer of full legal title 
36 
Present Value of Purchased Lease Receivables 
36 
Risks Resulting from Data Protection Rules 
36 
Historical and other Information 
37 
IV. RISKS RELATED TO REGULATORY CHANGES 
37 
Risk retention and due diligence requirements 
37 
Securitisation Regulation and simple, transparent and standardised securitisation 
38 
Investor compliance with due diligence requirements under the UK Securitisation Regulation 39 
U.S. Risk Retention 
40 
Reform of EURIBOR Determinations 
40 
Basel Capital Accord and regulatory capital requirements 
41 
V. RISKS RELATED TO TAXATION 
42 
The Common Reporting Standard 
42 
Income tax 
42 
Trade tax 
43 
Value Added Tax 
43 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
44 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
46

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
 
LEGAL STRUCTURE OF THE PROGRAMME 
47 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
49 
OVERVIEW OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
50 
General Conditions of the Notes 
50 
Denomination 
50 
Global Notes 
50 
Payments of Principal and Interest 
50 
Amortisation Amounts 
51 
Order of Priority of Distributions 
52 
Cash Collateral Account 
55 
Duties of the Issuer 
56 
Duties of VWL 
56 
Realisation of Security 
57 
Clean-Up Call 
57 
Principal Paying Agent, Registrar 
57 
Security, Security Trustee, Expectancy Rights Trustee and Enforcement 
57 
Servicer 
58 
Dismissal and Replacement of the Servicer 
60 
Replacement of Issuer 
60 
Notices 
60 
Applicable Law, Place of Performance and Place of Jurisdiction 
60 
ACCOUNT BANK AND CASH ADMINISTRATOR 
61 
CALCULATION AGENT AND REGISTRAR 
62 
SWAP AGREEMENTS AND SWAP COUNTERPARTY 
63 
TAXATION 
66 
VERIFICATION BY SVI 
67 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO 
68 
The Purchased Lease Receivables under the Receivables Purchase Agreement 
68 
Mitigants for reflecting potential German trade tax and VAT risks 
68 
Warranties and Guarantees in relation to the Sale of the Purchased Lease Receivables 
68 
Description of the Lease Contracts, Lease Receivables, Leased Vehicles and Lessees as at the 
Additional Cut-Off Date falling in August 2024 
72 
Historical Lease Receivables Performance Data 
78 
Portfolio Losses (Lease Receivables) 
78 
Portfolio Delinquencies 
78 
Total Portfolio (Lease Receivables) 
83 
Weighted Average Lives of the Notes/Assumed Amortisation of the Purchased Lease 
Receivables and Notes 
113 
Weighted Average Lives of the Notes 
113 
Purchased Lease Receivables 
113 
Amortisation Profile of the Purchased Lease Receivables (Run out schedule) 
116 
Assumed Amortisation of the Class A Notes 
118 
Additional Rights 
122 
Settlement and Reduction 
122 
Security 
124 
Variation of Lease Receivables Discount Rate 
124 
Buffer Release Reserve 
126 
Amendments to the Receivables Purchase Agreement 
126 
BUSINESS AND ORGANISATION OF VOLKSWAGEN LEASING GMBH 
128 
Auto Lease Business in Germany 
128 
Incorporation, Registered Office and Purpose 
128 
Origination and Securitisation Expertise 
129 
BUSINESS PROCEDURES OF VOLKSWAGEN LEASING GMBH 
130 
Negotiation of the Lease Contract and Appraisal of the Creditworthiness of the Prospective 
Lessee 
130 
Debts Management 
130

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
 
Termination of Lease Contracts 
131 
Enforcement 
133 
Write-Off 
133 
Internal Audit 
134 
Auditors 
134 
ADMINISTRATION OF THE PURCHASED LEASE RECEIVABLES UNDER THE SERVICING 
AGREEMENT 
136 
Administration of Collections, Costs of Administration and Replacing of the Servicer 
136 
Reporting Duties of the Servicer, Duties under the Swap Agreements and Reporting Duties 
under the Securitisation Regulation 
137 
Distribution Duties of the Servicer 
139 
Distribution Procedure 
139 
Administration of Insurance Benefits and Realisation of Security 
139 
Amendments to the Servicing Agreement 
139 
Dismissal and Replacement of the Servicer 
141 
SECURITY TRUSTEE 
142 
RATINGS 
144 
THE ISSUER 
145 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
149 
CORPORATE ADMINISTRATION AND ACCOUNTS 
150 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CLASS A NOTES 
152 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CLASS B NOTES 
162 
ANNEX A TRUST AGREEMENT 
172 
ANNEX B MASTER DEFINITIONS SCHEDULE 
196 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
228 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
232 
Subscription and Sale 
232 
Selling Restrictions 
232 
General 
232 
Japan 
232 
United States of America and its Territories 
233 
United Kingdom 
233 
Republic of France 
233 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
234 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
234 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
235 
Authorisation of Note Issuance 
235 
Governmental, Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
235 
Material Adverse Change 
235 
Payment Information and Post-Issuance Transaction Information 
235 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
235 
ICSDs 
236 
Clearing Codes of Notes 
236 
Inspection of Documents 
236

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following section, which constitutes the general description of the Programme pursuant to Article 25 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, must be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its 
entirety by reference to, the more detailed information appearing elsewhere herein and in the relevant Final 
Terms. Any decision to invest in any Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a 
whole. Capitalised terms not specifically defined in this "GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME" 
have the respective meanings set out in the section "MASTER DEFINITIONS SCHEDULE". 
The Programme is a EUR 4,000,000,000 Programme for the issuance of the Notes under which the Issuer 
may from time to time issue asset backed floating rate notes denominated in Euro (subject always to 
compliance with all legal and/or regulatory requirements). The applicable terms of any Notes will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant purchaser prior to the issue of the Notes and will be set out in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes attached to, or incorporated by reference into, the relevant Global Note 
representing such Notes, as completed by the applicable Final Terms attached to, or incorporated by 
reference into, such Global Note (see "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES – 1. Form and Nominal 
Amount of the Notes" below for further detail).   
THE PARTIES 
Issuer 
VCL Master S.A., acting with respect to its Compartment 1, a 
securitisation company within the meaning of the Luxembourg law 
of 22 March 2004 on securitisation ("Luxembourg Securitisation 
Law"), 22-24 boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy 
of Luxembourg, registered with the trade and companies register 
under number B 149052. The Issuer has elected its Articles of 
Incorporation (Statuts) to be governed by the Luxembourg 
Securitisation Law. The exclusive purpose of the Issuer is to enter 
into one or more securitisation transactions, each via a separate 
compartment ("Compartment") within the meaning of the 
Luxembourg Securitisation Law. The Notes will be funding the 
securitisation transaction of the Issuer.  
The 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
(LEI) 
of 
the 
Issuer 
is: 
5299009IQIZNAIRGQH25. 
Foundation 
Stichting CarLux, a foundation duly incorporated and validly 
existing under the laws of The Netherlands, having its registered 
office at Museumlaan 2, 3581HK Utrecht, The Netherlands and 
registered with the trade register of the Chamber of Commerce 
under number 34283304 (the "Foundation"). The Foundation 
owns all of the issued shares of the Issuer. The Foundation does 
not have shareholders and would distribute any profits received 
from the Issuer (if any) to charitable organizations. 
VCL Master S.A., Compartment 1 
Compartment 1 of the Issuer relating to the issue of the Notes has 
been created by a decision of the board of directors of the Issuer 
taken on 18 December 2009. 
Seller  
 
Volkswagen Leasing GmbH, Gifhorner Straße 57, 38112 
Braunschweig, Federal Republic of Germany.  
Servicer 
Volkswagen 
Leasing 
GmbH, 
Gifhorner 
Straße 57, 
38112 
Braunschweig, Federal Republic of Germany. 
Arranger  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 12 place des 
Etats-Unis, CS 70052, 92547 Montrouge Cedex, France.

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
 
Lead Manager 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 12 place des 
Etats-Unis, CS 70052, 92547 Montrouge Cedex, France. 
Swap Counterparty 
ING Bank N.V., Foppingadreef 7, 1102 BD Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands. 
Subordinated Lender 
An Affiliate of Volkswagen AG (the "Subordinated Lender") will 
provide the Subordinated Loan to the Issuer.  
Cash Collateral Account Bank 
The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch, MesseTurm, 
Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 49, 60327 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 
Distribution Account Bank 
The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch, MesseTurm, 
Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 49, 60327 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 
Accumulation Account Bank 
The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch, MesseTurm, 
Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 49, 60327 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 
Cash Administrator 
The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch, MesseTurm, 
Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 49, 60327 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 
Security Trustee 
Intertrust Trustees GmbH, Eschersheimer Landstraße 14, 60322 
Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 
Expectancy Rights Trustee 
Intertrust Trustees Limited, 1 Bartholomew Lane, London EC2N 
2AX, United Kingdom.  
Data Protection Trustee 
Amsterdamsch Trustee's Kantoor B.V., Basisweg 10, 1043 AP 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands. 
Principal Paying Agent  
HSBC Bank plc, 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ, United 
Kingdom. 
Interest Determination Agent 
HSBC Bank plc, 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ, United 
Kingdom. 
Calculation Agent 
HSBC Bank plc, 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ, United 
Kingdom. 
Registrar 
HSBC Bank plc, 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ, United 
Kingdom. 
Corporate Services Provider 
Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A., 22-24 boulevard Royal, L-
2449 Luxembourg. 
Rating Agencies  
DBRS and S&P Global. 
Process Agent 
Intertrust (Deutschland) GmbH, Eschersheimer Landstraße 14, 
60322 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 
English Process Agent 
CSC Capital Markets UK Limited, 10th Floor, 5 Churchill Place, 
London E14 5HU, United Kingdom. 
Clearing Systems 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (CBL), a company incorporated as a 
société anonyme under the laws of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, having its registered office at 42, avenue J.F. 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, registered with the Luxembourg 
Register of Commerce and Companies under number B-9248 and 
Euroclear Bank NV./SA., 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium.

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
 
THE NOTES 
 
Notes  
The subject of this Base Prospectus are the Notes which may be 
issued under the Programme by the Issuer on any date prior to the 
Payment Date falling in January 2033 (the "Programme Maturity 
Date"), all as further described herein.  
With respect to payment of interest and principal, each Notes of a 
Class rank pari passu amongst themselves. 
Issue Dates 
A Series of Class A Notes or Class B Notes may be issued on any 
Payment Date falling (i) in the case of Further Notes of an existing 
Series of Class A Notes or an existing Series of Class B Notes prior 
to (but excluding) the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date 
applicable to such Series, or (ii) in the case of Further Notes of a 
different Series on any Payment Date prior to the Programme 
Maturity Date (each such Payment Date a "Further Issue Date"). 
Capital structure: 
The capital structure with regards to the issuance of Further Notes 
under this Base Prospectus shall be as follows: 
Class A Notes Increase Amount: 
91.30%* 
Class B Notes Increase Amount: 
3.50%* 
Subordinated Loan increase percentage 
4.25% 
Further Lease Receivables Overcollaterisation 
Percentage: 
0.95%* 
Total: 
100%* 
 
* Percentages are in relation to the Further Discounted Receivables Balance 
Furthermore, along with each issuance of Further Notes under the 
Programme the Cash Collateral Account balance shall be 
increased so as to be equal to 0.75% of the aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of all Notes after application of the applicable 
Order of Priority on such Further Issue Date. 
Interest and Principal 
Each Note entitles the Noteholder thereof to receive from the 
Available Distribution Amount on each Payment Date interest at 
the rate specified in the relevant Final Terms (the interest rates for 
all Notes collectively referred to as the "Notes Interest Rate") on 
the nominal amount of each such Note outstanding immediately 
prior to such Payment Date. 
As a consequence of the structure of the Notes and the Notes 
being governed by German law, the Notes Interest Rate cannot 
become negative. 
With respect to payments of interest and principal, particular 
attention should be paid to the risk factor descriptions as set forth 
in "RISK FACTORS" and in particular the risk factor outlined under 
"RISK FACTORS - Liability and Limited Recourse under the 
Notes". 
Ratings 
The Class A Notes are expected to be rated AAA (sf) by DBRS and 
AAA (sf) by S&P Global. The Class B Notes are expected to be 
rated at least A(high)(sf) by DBRS and A+ (sf) by S&P Global. The 
ratings indicate the ultimate payment of principal and the timely 
payment of interest. The ratings should not be regarded as a

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
 
recommendation by the Issuer the Seller and Servicer (if different), 
the Lead Manager, the Arranger, the Security Trustee, the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Data 
Protection Trustee, the Interest Determination Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Swap Counterparty, the Account Bank or 
the Rating Agencies to buy, sell or hold the Notes as the ratings 
are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time. 
Each of DBRS and S&P Global is established in the European 
Union. 
According to the press release from European Securities Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") dated 31 October 2011, DBRS and S&P Global 
have been registered in accordance with the CRA3. Reference is 
made to the list of registered or certified credit rating agencies 
published by ESMA, which can be found on following website 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk.  
In accordance with the UK CRA Regulation, the credit ratings 
assigned to the Notes by DBRS and S&P Global will be endorsed 
by DBRS Ratings Limited and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, as 
applicable, being rating agencies which are registered with the 
Financial Conduct Authority. 
Lease Receivables Discount Rate 
The Lease Receivables Discount Rate is 5.7016 per cent. per 
annum. 
Discount Rate Variation Option 
Under the Receivables Purchase Agreement and subject to certain 
conditions being met, the Issuer grants to the Seller an option to 
vary the Lease Receivables Discount Rate with respect to: 
(a) 
the Purchased Receivables included in the Portfolio; and 
(b) 
the Additional Lease Receivables to be purchased during 
the Revolving Period. 
See "DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO – Variation of Lease 
Receivables Discount Rate". 
Discounted Receivables Balance 
Discounted Receivables Balance means at the end of any Monthly 
Period the present value of the remaining Lease Receivables 
(excluding any Written Off Purchased Lease Receivables), 
calculated using the Lease Receivables Discount Rate. 
Discounted Expectancy Rights 
Balance 
The Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance means at the end of 
any Monthly Period the present value of the remaining residual 
value represented by the Expectancy Rights, calculated using the 
Expectancy Rights Discount Rate. 
Order of Priority 
All payments of the Issuer under the Programme Documents have 
to be made subject to, and in accordance with, the Order of Priority. 
See "TRUST AGREEMENT". 
Payment Dates 
Each 25th day of a calendar month or, in the event such day is not 
a Business Day, then the next following Business Day, unless that 
day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the date will be 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day, (each a "Payment 
Date").

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
 
Business Day 
Business Day means any day on which T2 System is open for 
business, provided that this day is also a day on which banks are 
open for business both in London and Luxembourg. 
Revolving Period 
The Revolving Period means the period from (and including) the 
Initial Issue Date and ending on (but excluding) the earlier of (i) the 
Series Revolving Period Expiration Date of the last outstanding 
Series of Notes and (ii) the occurrence of an Early Amortisation 
Event. 
Series Revolving Period  
Expiration Date 
The Series Revolving Period Expiration Date means with respect 
to each Series of Notes the revolving period expiration date as 
specified for such Series in the applicable Final Terms. 
Available Distribution Amount 
The Available Distribution Amount on each Payment Date shall 
equal the sum of the following amounts: 
a) 
the Lease Receivables Collection Amount, inclusive, for 
avoidance of doubt, the Monthly Collateral (after any 
relevant netting); plus 
b) 
any interest accrued on the Accumulation Account and the 
Distribution Account; plus 
c) 
any Net Swap Receipts under the Swap Agreements and 
any other amounts included in the Available Distribution 
Amount pursuant to clause 21 (Distribution Account, 
Accumulation Account, swap provisions) of the Trust 
Agreement; plus 
d) 
payments from the Cash Collateral Account as provided for 
in clause 23.4 (Cash Collateral Account, Accumulation 
Account) of the Trust Agreement; plus 
e) 
payments from any Relevant Distribution Account made on 
the immediately preceding Payment Date; plus 
f) 
any repurchase price received from VWL pursuant to clause 
6.5(c) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement; plus 
g) 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Accumulation 
Account after the preceding Payment Date; plus 
 
h) 
any amount from the preceding Payment Date which 
remained as a surplus due to the rounding under the Notes 
in accordance with Condition 9(b); plus 
i) 
any amount to be debited from the Buffer Release Reserve 
Ledger on such Payment Date subject to and in accordance 
with the relevant mechanics of the Buffer Release Reserve 
Ledger; plus 
j) 
any Negative Buffer Release Amount, until a Reserve 
Trigger Event has occurred and the Buffer Release Reserve 
has been funded; less 
k) 
any Positive Buffer Release Amount, provided that no Credit 
Enhancement Increase Condition is in effect. For the 
avoidance of doubt if a Credit Enhancement Increase 
Condition is in effect, the Positive Buffer Release Amount 
will remain forming part of the Available Distribution Amount

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
 
as part of the Lease Receivables Collection Amount under 
limb (a) of the definition of Available Distribution Amount. 
Distribution Account 
The Distribution Account of the Issuer is maintained with The Bank 
of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch, into which the Servicer 
remits and will remit Collections. 
Applicable Law 
The Notes are governed by the laws of Germany.  
Tax Status of the Notes 
See "TAXATION". 
Selling Restrictions 
See "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE - Selling Restrictions". 
Clearing Codes for the Notes 
The Clearing Codes for Notes will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application will be made for the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and to be admitted to trading at the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
ASSETS AND COLLATERAL 
The assets and collateral and backing payments under the Notes 
and the Subordinated Loan (together the "Funding") consist of the 
following: 
Lease Receivables 
Under the Initial Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Issuer 
agreed to purchase effective on the Closing Date from VWL the 
Initial Lease Receivables with related security (for allocation to its 
Compartment 1). During the Revolving Period VWL has the right to 
sell and transfer at its option at each Additional Purchase Date 
Additional Lease Receivables (the Initial Lease Receivables and 
the 
Additional 
Lease 
Receivables 
together 
the 
"Lease 
Receivables") with related security (for allocation to its 
Compartment 
1) 
under 
Additional 
Receivables 
Purchase 
Agreements (the Initial Receivables Purchase Agreement together 
with any Additional Receivables Purchase Agreements the 
"Receivables Purchase Agreement"). The Lease Receivables 
will include payments by Lessees for the use of the vehicles from 
Lease Contracts originated by Volkswagen, Audi, SEAT, Skoda 
and Volkswagen Nutzfahrzeuge dealers as agents and to a lesser 
extent also by certain other third parties. Under the Lease 
Receivables, the Lessees make monthly payments to amortise, 
over the life of the Lease Contract, the difference between the 
purchase price of the vehicle and such vehicle’s predetermined 
calculation of value at the expiration of the Lease Contract. The 
Issuer has not purchased portions of the Lease Receivables 
reflecting value-added tax as well as claims arising from service 
components such as maintenance fees. If the Lease Receivables 
should partially or totally fail to conform at the Closing Date or, 
respectively, with respect to Lease Receivables to be purchased 
on an Additional Purchase Date, at such Additional Purchase Date, 
to the warranties given by VWL in the Receivables Purchase 
Agreement (for a detailed description of the warranties (eligibility 
criteria) 
which 
apply 
to 
the 
Lease 
Receivables, 
see 
"DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO – The Purchased Lease 
Receivables under the Receivables Purchase Agreement – 
Warranties and Guarantees in relation to the Sale of the 
Purchased Lease Receivables") and such failure materially and 
adversely affects the interests of the Issuer or the Noteholders 
resulting in an imbalance of the obligations of the Issuer vis-à-vis 
the Noteholders, then VWL shall have until the end of the related

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
 
monthly period which includes the 60th day (or, if VWL elects, an 
earlier date) after the date that VWL became aware or was notified 
of such breach to cure or correct such breach. The Issuer's sole 
remedy will be to require VWL to take one of the following remedial 
actions: (a) remedy the matter giving rise to such breach if such 
matter is capable of being remedied, provided that, if a remedy 
within the time period specified above is not practicable, VWL may 
remedy such breach by the last day of the following monthly period; 
or (b) replace the relevant Purchased Lease Receivable by taking 
into account the warranties and guarantees set out in clauses 6.1 
and 6.2 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement, with a Lease 
Receivable the present value of which shall be at least the 
Settlement Amount of such Purchased Lease Receivable as at the 
last day of the monthly period immediately preceding such 
replacement, provided that, if a remedy within the time period 
specified above is not practicable, VWL may replace such 
Purchased Lease Receivable by the last day of the following 
monthly period; or (c) repurchase the relevant Purchased Lease 
Receivable at a price equal to the Settlement Amount of such 
Purchased Lease Receivable as at the last day of the monthly 
period immediately preceding such repurchase, provided that, if a 
remedy within the time period specified above is not practicable, 
VWL may repurchase such Purchased Lease Receivable by the 
last day of the following monthly period. 
Additional Cut-Off Date 
31 August 2024. 
Additional Rights 
Under the Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Issuer has 
purchased certain rights associated with the transfer of Lease 
Receivables. 
Cash Collateral Account 
The outstanding balance of the Cash Collateral Account on any 
Payment Date shall be (i) during the Revolving Period, an amount 
being equal to 0.75 per cent. of the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of all Notes after application of the applicable Order of 
Priority on the preceding Payment Date, and (ii) after the Revolving 
Period, the lesser of (a) the Specified General Cash Collateral 
Account Balance as on the last Payment Date of the Revolving 
Period and (b) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the 
Notes after application of the applicable Order of Priority on the 
preceding Payment Date. The Cash Collateral Account will have a 
separate ledger, the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger. 
Subordinated Loan 
The Subordinated Lender has granted the Subordinated Loan in a 
total initial nominal amount of EUR 49,458,862.82 to the Issuer on 
the Closing Date. Subject to the terms of the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, the Subordinated Lender may agree from time to time 
to grant additional advances up to a total amount of the 
Subordinated Loan of EUR 160,000,000 provided that the 
Subordinated Lender shall be required to grant additional 
advances to the extent required to increase the loan amount by the 
relevant Subordinated Loan Increase Amount or the Borrowing 
Base Cure Amount, as applicable. The Subordinated Loan serves 
as credit enhancement and ranks below the Notes with respect to 
payment of interest and principal. 
Overcollateralisation 
As at the Closing Date, the Aggregate Discounted Receivables 
Balance exceeded the sum of the Nominal Amount of the Notes 
and the nominal amount of the Subordinated Loan to provide

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
 
overcollateralisation to the Notes. During the Revolving Period, 
overcollateralisation is also expected to be provided to the Notes. 
Buffer Release Reserve  
The purpose of the Buffer Release Reserve is to ensure that the 
Issuer will continue to be able to make any payments to be made 
pursuant to items first to ninth of the Order of Priority, as set out in 
clause 22.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement, if and to 
the extent the Available Distribution Amount is not sufficient to 
cover any payments to be made pursuant to items first to ninth of 
the Order of Priority, as set out in clause 22.2(a) (Order of Priority) 
of the Trust Agreement, on any Payment Date after a Reserve 
Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Seller shall be obliged to pay the Negative Buffer 
Release Amount until the Buffer Release Reserve has been funded 
and can be applied in accordance with the Order of Priority, as set 
out in clause 22.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
Buffer Release Reserve Ledger 
Within thirty (30) calendar days upon the occurrence of a Reserve 
Trigger Event which is outstanding, VWL will fund the Buffer 
Release Reserve in an amount such that the balance on the Buffer 
Release Reserve Ledger is equal to the Required Buffer Release 
Reserve Amount, which amount will be paid to the Cash Collateral 
Account and on the same day be credited by or on behalf of the 
Issuer to a separate ledger (the "Buffer Release Reserve 
Ledger"). 
Prior to the service of an Enforcement Notice, an amount equal to 
any negative difference between the Available Distribution Amount 
(not taking into account items (i) and (j) of the definition of Available 
Distribution Amount) and the aggregate payments to be made 
pursuant to items first to ninth of the Order of Priority, as set out in 
clause 22.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement, if and to 
the extent paid by the Seller or standing to the credit of the Buffer 
Release Reserve Ledger, will form part of the Available Distribution 
Amount and will, subject to and in accordance with the Order of 
Priority, be applied towards any payment to be made pursuant to 
items first to ninth of the Order of Priority, as set out in clause 
22.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. Following the 
service of an Enforcement Notice, distributions will be made by the 
Security Trustee from the Available Distribution Amount and from 
any amounts standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account, 
and according to the  Order of Priority.  
Positive Buffer Release Amount 
Negative Buffer Release Amount 
To the extent the Buffer Release Rate is equal to or higher than 
zero the Positive Buffer Release Amount will be paid by the Issuer 
to the Seller by means of a deduction of such Positive Buffer 
Release Amount from the Available Distribution Amount. To the 
extent the Buffer Release Rate is lower than zero, the Seller shall 
without further notice unconditionally pay an amount equal to the 
Negative Buffer Release Amount to the Issuer, provided that no 
Reserve Trigger Event has occurred and the Buffer Release 
Reserve has been funded. The sole purpose of the Negative Buffer 
Release Amount on any Payment Date will be to pay any difference 
between the Available Distribution Amount and items first to ninth 
of the Order of Priority, as set out in clause 22.2(a) (Order of 
Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
Security title to the Leased Vehicles 
In order to secure the existence and fulfilment of the Purchased 
Lease Receivables outstanding at any one time, and as security 
for all of the current and future claims of the Issuer against VWL

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
 
arising from the Receivables Purchase Agreement and the 
Servicing Agreement, VWL has transferred or, respectively, will 
transfer title to the Leased Vehicles with respect to the Purchased 
Lease 
Receivables 
to 
the 
Issuer 
by 
way 
of 
security 
(Sicherungseigentum). 
IMPORTANT PROGRAMME 
DOCUMENTS AND PROGRAMME 
FEATURES 
 
Initial Receivables Purchase 
Agreement 
Pursuant to the provisions of the agreement for the purchase of 
Lease Receivables and Expectancy Rights entered into by VWL 
and the Issuer (the "Initial Receivables Purchase Agreement"), 
the Issuer has acquired from VWL on the Initial Issue Date the 
Initial Lease Receivables. 
Additional Receivables Purchase 
Agreement 
During the Revolving Period VWL may sell at its discretion 
Additional Lease Receivables on each Payment Date (each an 
"Additional Purchase Date") at the terms and conditions 
described in the relevant Additional Receivables Purchase 
Agreement. 
Early Settlement 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Receivables Purchase 
Agreement, the Issuer is, in certain circumstances, entitled to 
demand upon notice from VWL the immediate reimbursements for 
the Purchased Lease Receivables under a contract against 
payment of the relevant Settlement Amount. These circumstances 
include, inter alia, when the respective Lessee legitimately 
terminates, revokes or invalidates the Lease Contract, or asserts a 
right to refuse performance or to performance by set-off. The 
Settlement Amount to be paid by VWL to the Issuer equals the 
present value of the relevant Purchased Lease Receivables 
becoming payable during the remaining term of the Lease 
Contract, absent an instance of settlement, calculated using the 
Lease Receivables Discount Rate. 
 
Each Early Settlement may lead to earlier payments of the Notes 
than would be the case in the event of Collections of the Purchased 
Lease Receivables and Realisation Proceeds allocated to the 
Issuer in accordance with clause 18 (Realisation of the Leased 
Vehicles and allocation of payments) of the Trust Agreement in 
accordance with the Receivables Purchase Agreement as set forth 
in more detail in "RISK FACTORS - Risk of Early Repayment". 
 
As long as VWL remains appointed as Servicer, VWL is entitled to 
materially alter any Lease Contract by termination or alteration of 
the respective Lease Contract if such termination or alteration is 
based on grounds other than the deterioration of the credit-
worthiness of the relevant Lessee as determined in accordance 
with VWL’s customary practices in place from time to time. After an 
alteration of a Lease Contract has taken place the Issuer or VWL 
shall be obliged to indemnify the other party for any changes in the 
corresponding Purchased Lease Receivable by means of a 
Compensation Payment. Any Compensation Payment shall be 
made by the Purchaser or VWL, as applicable, by no later than the 
next Payment Date. Compensation Payments due by VWL or the 
Purchaser, as applicable, may be netted. VWL shall notify the 
Purchaser of the Compensation Payments on an aggregated basis 
in the Monthly Investor Report issued for the related monthly period 
in which such modification occurred. The right to alter Lease

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
 
Contracts may only be exercised for instalments not yet due under 
the respective Lease Contract. 
 
The Issuer may on any Payment Date, for the purpose of a Term 
Takeout, offer to sell and assign to a securitisation vehicle 
nominated by the Seller (in each case, the "Transferee") the Term 
Takeout Receivables, provided that the Rating Agencies will have 
confirmed (by way of press release or otherwise) that the sale of 
the Term Takeout Receivables will not in and of itself result in a 
downgrade, withdrawal or qualification of the rating assigned to 
Class A Notes or the Class B Notes prior to the Term Takeout. If 
such transfer is accepted by the Transferee, the purchase price to 
be paid by the Transferee acquiring the Term Takeout Receivables 
will be: 
(a) 
no less than the outstanding Discounted Receivables 
Balance of the Term Takeout Receivables as at the 
respective Payment Date less an amount equal to the sum 
of (i) the amount of overcollateralization applied to the 
Term Takeout in accordance with the capital structure of 
applicable term transaction and (ii) the amount required as 
cash collateral for the applicable term transaction; 
(b) 
in any event no less than the Aggregate Redeemable 
Amount; and 
(c) 
paid to the Distribution Account, provided that the 
purchase price will not be distributed according to the 
applicable Order of Priority and it will be distributed, firstly, 
to the then outstanding Class A Notes, until the 
Redeemable Amount of all then outstanding Class A 
Notes has been redeemed in full, secondly, to the then 
outstanding Class B Notes, until the Redeemable Amount 
of all then outstanding Class B Notes has been redeemed 
in full, thirdly, to the Subordinated Loan and fourthly, to the 
Seller by way of a success fee. 
The selection of Term Takeout Receivables will be made on a 
random basis and the proceeds from any Term Takeout will be paid 
into the Distribution Account but will not form part of the Available 
Distribution Amount and be applied according to the Order of 
Priority but instead be distributed separately in accordance with the 
order of priority pursuant to clause 22.4 (Order of Priority) of the 
Trust Agreement. Any such randomly selected Term Takeout 
Receivables shall comply with the same warranties and 
guarantees as set out in clauses 6.1 and 6.2 (Warranties by VWL 
with respect to the Purchased Lease Receivables) of the 
Receivables Purchase Agreement at the time of the transfer to the 
Transferee. For the avoidance of doubt, in case of Non-Amortising 
Series of Notes any redemption payments will be made in a way to 
redeem a certain number of Notes in their principal amount of EUR 
100,000. See "TRUST AGREEMENT". 
Clean-Up Call 
Under the Receivables Purchase Agreements, and after the end of 
the Revolving Period, VWL will have the option to exercise a Clean-
Up Call and to repurchase the Purchased Lease Receivables from 
the Issuer on any Payment Date when the sum Aggregate 
Discounted Receivables Balance on a Payment Date is less than 
10 per cent. of the Maximum Discounted Receivables Balance

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
 
provided that all payment obligations under the Notes will be 
thereby fulfilled. 
Servicing Agreement 
Under the Servicing Agreement between the Issuer, the Security 
Trustee, the Expectancy Rights Trustee and VWL, VWL agrees to: 
– 
service and collect the Purchased Lease Receivables 
and realise the Leased Vehicles in accordance with the 
Servicer’s customary practices in effect from time to time, 
using the same degree of skill and attention that the 
Servicer exercises with respect to comparable vehicle 
lease contracts and realisation of leased vehicles that the 
Servicer services, collects or realises for itself or others; 
– 
administer the Cash Collateral Account; 
– 
advance the Monthly Collateral if the Monthly Remittance 
Condition is not satisfied; 
– 
transfer to the Issuer Collections made in a Monthly 
Period on each relevant Payment Date; and 
– 
perform other tasks incidental to the above. 
Trust Agreement 
The Issuer has entered into the Trust Agreement with, inter alia, 
the Security Trustee and VWL under which the Issuer has 
instructed the Security Trustee to act as trustee (Treuhänder) for 
the Programme Creditors and has entitled the Security Trustee to 
demand from the Issuer 
• 
that any present or future obligation of the Issuer in relation 
to the Noteholders shall be fulfilled;  
• 
that any present or future obligation of the Issuer in relation 
to a Programme Creditor under a Programme Documents 
shall be fulfilled; and  
• 
(if the Issuer is in default with any Secured Obligation(s) 
and insolvency proceedings have not been instituted 
against the estate of the Security Trustee) that any 
payment owed under the respective Secured Obligation 
will be made to the Security Trustee for on-payment to the 
Programme Creditors,  
and discharge the Issuer's obligation accordingly (the respective 
"Trustee Claim"). 
 
To provide collateral for the respective Trustee Claim, the Issuer 
assigns or transfers, as applicable, to the Security Trustee the 
Purchased Lease Receivables and the related Lease Collateral, all 
its claims and other rights arising from the Programme Documents 
(including the rights to unilaterally alter the legal relationship 
(unselbständige Gestaltungsrechte) and from all present and 
future contracts the Issuer has entered or may enter into in 
connection with the Notes, the Subordinated Loan, the Swap 
Agreements, or the Purchased Lease Receivables and Lease 
Collateral), and all transferable claims (i) in respect of the Accounts 
of the Issuer opened pursuant to the Account Agreement and (ii) in 
respect of all bank accounts which will be opened under the Trust 
Agreement in the name of the Issuer in the future.

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
 
As part of the Lease Collateral, VWL has transferred the title to the 
Leased 
Vehicles 
to 
the 
Issuer 
for 
security 
purposes 
(Sicherungseigentum) and the Issuer has transferred the title to the 
Leased Vehicles for security purposes (Sicherungseigentum) to 
the Security Trustee under the Trust Agreement. The Security 
Trustee has agreed to realise the ownership in the Leased Vehicles 
for security purposes (Sicherungseigentum) or have the ownership 
for security purposes (Sicherungseigentum) realised and to 
distribute the proceeds from such realisation in accordance with 
the provisions of the Trust Agreement. 
 
The Issuer has pledged to the Security Trustee all its present and 
future claims against the Security Trustee arising under the Trust 
Agreement as well as its present and future claims under the 
Accounts as well as its present and future claims under the 
Account Agreement, which have not yet been transferred for 
security purposes under the Trust Agreement. 
Security Assignment Deed 
The Issuer will assign its rights, title and interest in the Swap 
Agreement by way of security in favour of the Security Trustee, 
pursuant to the Security Assignment Deed. The Security Trustee 
will hold such rights, title and interest on trust for itself and as 
trustee for the Programme Creditors. 
Data Protection Trust Agreement 
VWL and the Issuer have appointed Amsterdamsch Trustee's 
Kantoor B.V., Amsterdam, The Netherlands, as Data Protection 
Trustee under the provisions of the Data Protection Trust 
Agreement and has made the Portfolio Decryption Key (which is 
for the identification of the names and addresses of the Lessees in 
respect of the Purchased Lease Receivables) available to the Data 
Protection Trustee. The Data Protection Trustee will keep the 
Portfolio Decryption Key in safe custody and protect it against 
unauthorised access by any third party. Delivery of the data list is 
permissible only to a replacement Servicer or the Qualified 
Replacement Data Protection Trustee upon request of VWL, the 
Issuer or the Security Trustee and subject to applicable data 
protection laws and banking secrecy provisions (Bankgeheimnis). 
The Data Protection Trustee will notify the Lessees of the 
assignment of the Purchased Lease Receivables to the Issuer, in 
accordance with the data processing requirements set out in the 
Data Protection Trust Agreement, and instruct the Lessees to 
make all payments in respect of the Purchased Leased 
Receivables to the Distribution Account of the Issuer upon the 
occurrence of a Lessee Notification Event (i.e. the earlier of (i) the 
institution of Insolvency Proceedings in respect of VWL and/or (ii) 
non-compliance of VWL with its statutory obligation to transfer any 
VAT (Umsatzsteuer) on the lease receivables to the tax office when 
such VAT becomes due) and/or (iii) any notification in connection 
with a Servicer Replacement Event). 
Account Agreement 
Under the terms of the Account Agreement, the Issuer will hold the 
Cash Collateral Account with the Cash Collateral Account Bank, 
the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account (except for any 
securities accounts and to the extent opened) and the Distribution 
Account with the Distribution Account Bank and maintain the 
Accumulation Account with the Accumulation Account Bank. 
Should the Cash Collateral Account Bank, the Distribution Account 
Bank or the Accumulation Account Bank (together the "Account 
Bank") cease to have the Account Bank Required Rating, the 
Account Bank shall within sixty (60) calendar days procure transfer

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
 
of the accounts held with it to an Eligible Collateral Bank, notified 
to it by the Issuer. 
Swap Agreements 
The Issuer has entered, or, respectively, will enter into one or more 
Swap Agreements, each with a respective Swap Counterparty. 
Each Swap Agreement will hedge in respect of a particular Series 
of Notes the interest rate risk deriving from fixed rate interest 
payments owed by the Lessees to the Issuer under the Purchased 
Lease Receivables and floating rate interest payments owed by the 
Issuer under the relevant Series of Notes. 
Corporate Services Agreement 
The Issuer has entered into the Corporate Services Agreement 
with Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. as Corporate Services 
Provider, pursuant to which the Corporate Services Provider shall 
perform certain services for the Issuer, particularly taking over the 
accounting for the Issuer and providing the directors of the Issuer 
in any company law matters and providing the registered office of 
the Issuer.  
Risk Factors 
Prospective investors in the Notes should consider, among other 
things, certain risk factors in connection with the purchase of the 
Notes. Such risk factors as described above may influence the 
ability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or 
in connection with any Notes. The risks in connection with the 
investment in the Notes include, inter alia, risks relating to the 
assets and the Programme Documents, risks relating to the Notes 
and risks relating to the Issuer. See "RISK FACTORS".

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
THE PURCHASE OF THE NOTES MAY INVOLVE SUBSTANTIAL RISKS AND BE SUITABLE ONLY FOR 
INVESTORS WHO HAVE THE KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE IN FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS 
MATTERS NECESSARY TO ENABLE THEM TO EVALUATE THE RISKS AND THE MERITS OF AN 
INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES. PRIOR TO MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS 
SHOULD 
CAREFULLY 
CONSIDER 
IN 
LIGHT 
OF 
THEIR 
OWN 
FINANCIAL 
CIRCUMSTANCES AND INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES ALL THE INFORMATION SET FORTH IN THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS AND, IN PARTICULAR, THE CONSIDERATIONS SET FORTH BELOW. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD MAKE SUCH INQUIRIES AS THEY DEEM NECESSARY 
WITHOUT RELYING ON THE ISSUER, THE LEAD MANAGER OR THE ARRANGER. 
The following is a disclosure of risk factors that are material with respect to the Issuer and the Notes issued 
under the Programme and that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and of 
risk factors that are related to the Notes (and the assets backing such Notes) issued under this Base 
Prospectus. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consider these risk factors, together with the other 
information in this Base Prospectus before deciding to purchase Notes issued under the Programme. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are also advised to consult their own tax advisors, legal advisors, 
accountants or other relevant advisors as to the risks associated with, and the consequences of, the 
purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes, including the effect of any laws of each country in which they 
are a resident. In addition, investors should be aware that the risks described may correlate and thus intensify 
one another.  
I. RISK FACTORS WHICH ARE SPECIFIC AND MATERIAL TO THE ISSUER 
No Recourse to other Compartments and Non-Petition Clause 
The Notes are limited recourse contractual obligations of the Issuer solely in respect of Compartment 1 within 
the meaning of the Luxembourg Securitisation Law. Pursuant to Article 62 (1) and 62(2) of the Luxembourg 
Securitisation Law, where an individual compartment's assets are insufficient for the purpose of meeting the 
Issuer's obligations under a respective issuance, it is not possible for the noteholders in that compartment's 
issuance to obtain the satisfaction of the debt owed to them by the Issuer from assets belonging to another 
compartment. Recourse of the Noteholders in respect of claims against the Issuer under or in relation to the 
Notes will be strictly limited to the net assets allocated to Compartment 1 (the " Compartment 1 Assets") 
and shall not extend to the remainder of the Issuer's estate. Furthermore, the other parties to the Programme 
Documents are not liable for the obligations of the Issuer and no third party guarantees have been granted 
for the fulfilment of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes. Consequently, the Noteholders have no rights of 
recourse against such third parties.  
In this context, it is possible that any proceeds from the realisation by the Security Trustee of the security 
upon the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event prove insufficient to enable the Issuer to meet all payments due 
in respect of the Notes, taking into account the Order of Priority and the Noteholders will then have no further 
claim against the assets of any other compartment or any non-compartmental assets of the Issuer. 
Consequently, in case of enforcement of the claims under the Notes, to the extent that the proceeds from the 
liquidation of the Compartment 1 Assets proves insufficient to make all payments due in respect of the Notes 
(the "Shortfall"), any claims arising against the Issuer due to such Shortfall shall be extinguished and neither 
the Noteholders nor any person on their behalf shall have the right to petition for the winding up of the Issuer 
to recover the Shortfall amount.  
Finally, should the Issuer be declared bankrupt, the Luxembourg court will appoint a bankruptcy trustee 
("curateur") who shall be the sole legal representative of VCL Master S.A. and obliged to take such action as 
he deems to be in the best interests of VCL Master S.A. and of all creditors of VCL Master S.A. The conditions 
for opening bankruptcy proceedings are the cessation of payments ("cessation des paiements") and the loss 
of commercial creditworthiness ("ébranlement du credit commercial"). The failure of controlled management 
proceedings may also constitute grounds for the opening of bankruptcy proceedings. Certain preferred 
creditors of VCL Master S.A. (including the Luxembourg tax authorities) may have a privilege that ranks senior 
to the rights of the Noteholders in such circumstances. This may further reduce the available assets of 
Compartment 1, therefore increasing the risk of the Issuer not being able to meet in full its payment obligations 
against the Noteholders under Luxembourg law.

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
 
As a result, the Noteholders may face the risk of not being able to receive any income in respect of their 
investment or, at worst, of being unable to recover their initial investment.  
Furthermore, the enforcement of the payment obligations under the Notes shall solely be effected by the 
Security Trustee in accordance with the Trust Agreement. 
Risk in respect of payments made and Security provided during the "suspect period" 
VCL Master S.A. is a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of 
Luxembourg, has its registered office in Luxembourg and is managed by its Board of Directors, professionally 
residing in Luxembourg. Accordingly, bankruptcy proceedings with respect to VCL Master S.A. would likely 
proceed under, and be governed by, the bankruptcy laws of Luxembourg. VCL Master S.A. can be declared 
bankrupt upon petition by a creditor of VCL Master S.A. or at the initiative of the court or at the request of 
VCL Master S.A. in accordance with the relevant provisions of Luxembourg insolvency law. Under 
Luxembourg law, a company is bankrupt ("en faillite") when it is unable to meet its current liabilities and when 
its creditworthiness is impaired. The conditions for opening bankruptcy proceedings are the cessation of 
payments ("cessation des paiements") and the loss of creditworthiness ("ébranlement du credit"). Other 
insolvency proceedings under Luxembourg law include moratorium of payments ("sursis de paiement") of the 
Issuer, administrative dissolution without liquidation ("dissolution administrative sans liquidation"), judicial 
liquidation proceedings ("liquidation judicaire"), judicial reorganisation ("réorganisation judiciaire"), or any 
reorganisation pursuant to the Luxembourg law dated 7 August 2023 on business continuity and the 
modernisation of bankruptcy. 
Under Luxembourg bankruptcy law, certain acts deemed to be abnormal if carried out by the bankrupt party 
during the so-called "suspect period" or ten days preceding the "suspect period" may be unenforceable 
against the bankruptcy estate of such party. Whilst the unenforceability is compulsory in certain cases, it is 
optional in other cases. The "suspect period" is the period that lapses between the date of cessation of 
payments ("cessation de paiements"), as determined by the bankruptcy court, and the date of the court order 
declaring the bankruptcy. The "suspect period" cannot exceed six months. 
Under Article 445 of the Luxembourg Code of Commerce, (a) a contract for the transfer of movable or 
immovable property entered into or carried out without consideration, or a contract or transaction entered into 
or carried out with considerably insufficient consideration for the insolvent party; (b) a payment, whether in 
cash or by transfer, assignment, sale, set-off or otherwise for debts not yet due, or a payment other than in 
cash or bills of exchange for debts due or (c) a contractual or judiciary mortgage, pledge, or charge on the 
debtor's assets for previous debts, would each be unenforceable against the bankruptcy estate if carried out 
during the "suspect period" or ten days preceding the "suspect period".  
Under Article 448 of the Luxembourg Code of Commerce, transactions entered into by the bankrupt debtor 
with the intent to deprive its creditors are null and void, regardless of the date on which they were made.  
Under Article 446 of the Luxembourg Code of Commerce, any payments or transfers made by the bankrupt 
debtor in the "suspect period" may be rescinded if the creditor was aware of the cessation of payment of the 
debtor. 
Should the Issuer be declared bankrupt, it cannot be excluded that a competent court in Luxembourg 
considers that the Issuer's entry into the Programme and the Programme Documents have been carried out 
within the so-called "suspect period". In such a case, any payment of principal or interest in respect of the 
Notes could be unenforceable against the Issuer, in application of Article 445 or Article 446 of the Luxembourg 
Code of Commerce. Consequently, in the event of bankruptcy, the Noteholders could face the risk of non-
recovery of payments due under the Notes.  
In addition, in case of bankruptcy, the entry into any of the Programme Documents, including without limitation 
those relating to the transfer of the title in the Leased Vehicles to the Security Trustee and, more generally, 
the entry into the Security could also be held unenforceable and ineffective if effected during the "suspect 
period" or ten days preceding the "suspect period", if (i) the articles of incorporation of the company granting 
the security interests are governed by the Luxembourg Securitisation Law and (ii) the company granted the 
respective security interest no later than the issue date of the securities or at the conclusion of the agreements 
secured by such security interest. In other words, Security Documents entered into in accordance with Article 
61(4) second paragraph of the Luxembourg Securitisation Law and hence no later than the date of the issue 
of the Notes or the conclusion of the agreements secured by the security could not be challenged by a

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
 
bankruptcy receiver even if granted by the Issuer during the "suspect period" or ten days preceding such 
"suspect period". 
II. RISKS RELATED TO THE NATURE OF THE NOTES 
Liability and Limited Recourse under the Notes  
All payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Subordinated Loan Agreement constitute limited 
recourse obligations to pay only the respective Available Distribution Amount which includes, inter alia, 
amounts received by the Issuer from the Purchased Lease Receivables and under the Programme 
Documents. The Available Distribution Amount may not be sufficient to pay amounts accrued under the Notes, 
which may result in an Interest Shortfall, however, only an Interest Shortfall on the most senior Class of Notes 
when the same becomes due and payable, and only if such default continues for a period of five (5) Business 
Days will constitute a Foreclosure Event. The Notes shall not give rise to any payment obligation in addition 
to the foregoing. A Foreclosure Event results in the enforcement of the collateral held by the Security Trustee. 
If the Security Trustee enforces the claims under the Notes, such enforcement will be limited to the assets 
which were transferred to the Security Trustee for security purposes. To the extent that such assets, or the 
proceeds of the realisation thereof, prove ultimately insufficient to satisfy the claims of all respective 
Noteholders in full, then any shortfall arising shall be extinguished and neither any Noteholder, nor the 
Security Trustee shall have any further claims against the Issuer. Such assets and proceeds shall be deemed 
to be "ultimately insufficient" at such time when no further assets are available and no further proceeds can 
be realised therefrom to satisfy any outstanding claims of the Noteholders, and neither assets nor proceeds 
will be so available thereafter. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the recourse of the Programme Creditors is limited to the assets of the Issuer 
allocated to its Compartment 1. 
Subordination of Notes  
Holders of Class B Notes will bear more credit risk with respect to the Issuer than holders of Class A Notes 
and will incur losses, if any, prior to holders of the Class A Notes because of the subordination of the Class 
B Notes in relation to the Class A Notes. 
Upon the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, no payment of interest will be made on the Class B Notes until 
all of the Issuer’s senior expenses (including applicable fees for Agents), and all interest on the Class A Notes 
are paid in full and no payment of principal will be made on the Class B Notes until the principal amount of 
the Class A Notes is paid in full. 
Following the end of the Revolving Period and prior to the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, on each 
Payment Date the Issuer shall pay from the Available Distribution Amount (provided that, prior to the 
occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, the payment of interest due and payable on each Series of Class B Notes 
has been paid) the Class A Amortisation Amount, which comprises a payment of principal in respect of a 
Series of Class A Notes until the principal amount outstanding of such Series of Class A Notes equals the 
Targeted Remaining Class A Note Balance. Payments of principal on each Series of Class B Notes will be 
made from any amounts remaining from the Available Distribution Amount only after the payment of principal 
on each Series of Class A Notes and until the principal amount outstanding of each Series of Class B Notes 
equals the Targeted Remaining Class B Note Balance.  
A Foreclosure Event will occur inter alia if the Issuer defaults in the payment of any interest on the most senior 
Class of Notes when the same becomes due and payable, and such default continues for a period of five (5) 
Business Days. If a Foreclosure Event has occurred, the Issuer will not pay interest or principal on any Notes 
other than the Class A Notes until all of the Issuer’s senior expenses and all interest and principal on the 
Class A Notes are paid in full.  
No gross up of payments 
The Notes will not provide for gross-up of payments in the event that the payments on the Notes become 
subject to withholding taxes, so that in case the Issuer would have to withhold payments due under the Notes 
for tax reasons, the Noteholders would receive reduced payments only.

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
 
Change of Law 
The structure of the issue of the Notes and this Programme is based on German and Luxembourg law 
(including tax law) in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the 
impact of any possible judicial decision or changes to any relevant law, the interpretation thereof or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. Any change of law might have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer's ability to make interest and principal payments on the Notes. 
Risks in connection with the application of the German Debenture Act (Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz - SchVG)) 
A Noteholder is subject to the risk to be outvoted and to lose rights towards the Issuer against his will in the 
case that the Noteholders agree pursuant to the Conditions to amendments of the Conditions by majority vote 
according to the German Debenture Act (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz - SchVG)). In the case of an appointment of a Noteholder's representative for 
all Noteholders a particular Noteholder may lose, in whole or in part, the possibility to enforce and claim his 
rights against the Issuer regardless of other Noteholders. 
Modification of Conditions of the Notes 
The Conditions of the Notes which are governed by German law may be modified through contractual 
agreement to be concluded between the Issuer and all Noteholders as provided for in Section 4 of the German 
Debenture Act (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz - 
SchVG)) or by a Noteholder’s resolution adopted pursuant to Sections 5 to 22 of aforementioned act and in 
accordance with the terms and conditions with unanimous consent of the Noteholders. As long as the Notes 
are outstanding, the applicable Margin pursuant to Condition 8(c) may only be modified pursuant to a 
contractual agreement which requires the consent of the Issuer, all Noteholders and of VWL. If no such 
consent can be obtained, the Noteholders will bear the risk that the applicable Margin pursuant to Condition 
8(c) might be of economic disadvantage for them. 
Ratings of each Class of Notes 
The Issuer has not requested a rating of any Class of Notes by any rating agency other than the Rating 
Agencies. Rating organisations other than the Rating Agencies may seek to rate any Class of Notes and, if 
such "shadow ratings" or "unsolicited ratings" are lower than the comparable ratings assigned to such Class 
of Notes by the Rating Agencies, such shadow or unsolicited ratings could have an adverse effect on the 
value of any Class of Notes. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or 
withdrawal at any time by the rating organisation. There is no assurance that the ratings will continue for any 
period of time or that they will not be lowered, reviewed, suspended or withdrawn by the Rating Agencies. In 
the event that the ratings initially assigned to any Class of Notes by the Rating Agencies are subsequently 
withdrawn or lowered for any reason, no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional support or credit 
enhancement to the Notes.  
Responsibility of Prospective Investors 
The purchase of the Notes is only suitable for investors (i) that possess adequate knowledge and experience 
in structured finance investments and have the necessary background and resources to evaluate all relevant 
risks related with such investments; (ii) that are able to bear the risk of loss of their investment (up to a total 
loss of the investment) without having to prematurely liquidate the investment; and (iii) that are able to assess 
the tax and regulatory aspects and implications of such investment independently. 
Furthermore, each potential investor should base its investment decision on its own and independent 
investigation and on the advice of its professional advisors (with whom the investor may deem it necessary 
to consult), be able to assess if an investment in the Notes (i) is in compliance with its financial requirements, 
its targets and situation (or if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, those of the beneficiary); (ii) is in 
compliance with its principles for investments, guidelines for or restrictions on investments (regardless of 
whether it acquires the Notes for itself or as a trustee); and (iii) is an appropriate investment for itself (or for 
any beneficiary if acting as a trustee), notwithstanding the risks of such investment.

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
 
Interest Rate Risk / Risk of Swap Counterparty Insolvency  
During those periods in which the floating rates payable by a Swap Counterparty under a Swap Agreement 
are substantially greater than the fixed rates payable by the Issuer under such Swap Agreement, the Issuer 
will be more dependent on receiving payments from such Swap Counterparty in order to make interest 
payments on the relevant Series of Notes. If a Swap Counterparty fails to pay any amounts when due under 
a Swap Agreement, the Collections from Purchased Lease Receivables and the General Cash Collateral 
Amount may be insufficient to make the required payments on the respective Series of Notes and the 
Noteholders may experience delays and/or reductions in the interest and principal payments on the respective 
Series of Notes. 
During periods in which the floating rates payable by a Swap Counterparty under a Swap Agreement are less 
than the fixed rate payable by the Issuer under such Swap Agreement, the Issuer will be obliged to make a 
payment to such Swap Counterparty. A Swap Counterparty's claims for payment (including certain 
termination payments required to be made by the Issuer upon a termination of a Swap Agreement) under the 
Swap Agreement will be higher in priority than all payments on the Notes. If a payment under the Swap 
Agreement is due to the Swap Counterparty on any Payment Date, the Purchased Lease Receivables and 
the General Cash Collateral Amount may be insufficient to make the required payments on the Notes and the 
Noteholders may experience delays and/or reductions in the interest and principal payments under the Notes. 
A Swap Counterparty may become insolvent or may suffer from a rating downgrade, in which case it would 
have to be replaced or, in case of a certain rating downgrade would have to provide collateral. A Swap 
Agreement may also be terminated by either party due to an event of default or a termination event. However, 
there can be no assurance that a guarantor or replacement Swap Counterparty will be found or that the 
amount of collateral will be sufficient to meet the Swap Counterparty's obligations. Nevertheless, the Issuer 
shall use its best efforts to find a replacement Swap Counterparty. In such events the Noteholders may 
experience delays and/or reductions in the interest and principal payments due in respect of such Series of 
Notes. 
The enforceability of a contractual provision which alters the priorities of payments to subordinate the claim 
of a Swap Counterparty (to the claims of other creditors of its counterparty) upon the occurrence of an 
insolvency of or other default by a Swap Counterparty has been challenged in the English and U.S. courts. 
However, this is an aspect of cross border insolvency law which remains untested. Whilst the priority issue is 
considered largely resolved in England and Wales, concerns still remain that the English and U.S. courts will 
diverge in their approach which, in the case of an unfavourable decision in the U.S., may adversely affect the 
Issuer's ability to make payments on the Notes. If a creditor of the Issuer (such as the Swap Counterparty) or 
a related entity becomes subject to insolvency proceedings in any jurisdiction outside England and Wales 
(including, but not limited to, the US), and it is owed a payment by the Issuer, a question arises as to whether 
the insolvent creditor or any insolvency official appointed in respect of that creditor could successfully 
challenge the validity and/or enforceability of subordination provisions included in the Programme Documents 
(such as a provision of the relevant Order of Priority which refers to the ranking of the Swap Counterparty's 
rights in respect of certain amounts under the Swap Agreements). In particular there is a risk that such 
subordination provisions would not be upheld under US bankruptcy law. Such laws may be relevant in certain 
circumstances with respect to a range of entities which may act as a Swap Counterparty, including US 
established entities and certain non-US established entities with assets or operations in the US (although the 
scope of any such proceedings may be limited if the relevant non-US entity is a bank with a licensed branch 
in a US state). In general, if a subordination provision included in the Programme Documents was successfully 
challenged under the insolvency laws of any relevant jurisdiction outside England and Wales and any relevant 
foreign judgment or order was recognised by the English courts, such actions may adversely affect the rights 
of the Noteholders, the rating and/or the market value of the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy 
its obligations under the Notes. 
Market and Liquidity Risk for the Notes 
The secondary markets in general are currently experiencing severe disruptions resulting from reduced 
investor demand for asset-backed securities and increased investor yield requirements for those securities. 
As a result, the secondary market for asset-backed securities is experiencing extremely limited liquidity. 
These conditions may continue or worsen in the future. Limited liquidity in the secondary market for asset-
backed securities has had a severe adverse effect on the market value of asset-backed securities and may 
continue to have a severe adverse effect on the market value of asset-backed securities, especially those 
securities that are more sensitive to prepayment, credit or interest rate risk and those securities that have

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
 
been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. Consequently, any 
purchaser of the Notes must be prepared to hold such Notes for an indefinite period of time or until final 
redemption or maturity of such Notes. The market values of the Notes are likely to fluctuate and could 
decrease. Any such fluctuation or decrease may be significant and could result in significant losses to 
investors in the Notes.  
Eurosystem Eligibility 
The Class A Notes are intended to be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility. This means 
that the Class A Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as Common Safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the Class A Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem (the "Eurosystem eligible collateral") either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria set out in the Guideline 
(EU) 2015/510 of the European Central Bank (the "ECB") of 19 December 2014 on the implementation of the 
Eurosystem monetary policy framework (ECB/2014/60) (recast), which applies since 1 May 2015, as 
amended by Guideline (EU) 2019/1032 of the ECB of 10 May 2019 (ECB/2019/11) and Guideline (EU) 
2020/1690 of 25 September 2020 (ECB/2020/45).  
If the Class A Notes do not satisfy the criteria specified by the ECB, then the Class A Notes will not qualify as 
Eurosystem eligible collateral. As a consequence, Noteholders will not be permitted to use the Class A Notes 
as collateral for monetary policy transactions of the Eurosystem and may sell the Notes into the secondary 
market at a reduced price only. 
III.  RISKS RELATED TO THE PURCHASED LEASE RECEIVABLES 
Credit Risk of the Parties 
The ability of the Issuer to make any principal and interest payments in respect of the Notes depends to a 
large extent upon the ability of the parties to the Programme Documents to perform their contractual 
obligations. In particular, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the timely payment of amounts 
due in respect of the Notes depends on the ability of the Servicer to collect the Purchased Lease Receivables 
and on the maintenance of the level of interest rate protection offered by the Swap Agreements. 
Risk of Early Repayment 
In the event that Lease Contracts underlying Purchased Lease Receivables are prematurely terminated or 
otherwise settled early, Noteholders will (barring the loss of some or all of the Lease Receivables, which is 
described below) be repaid principal, but will receive interest for a period shorter than that provided in the 
respective Lease Contract.  
Adverse macroeconomic and geopolitical developments may have a material negative impact on the 
performance of the Issuer under the Notes 
The ongoing geopolitical developments, including the current uncertainty in the banking sector, the war in the 
Middle East and the Ukraine and the sanctions imposed by the United States, the United Kingdom, the 
European Union, in particular, against Russia, may result in an adverse impact on global economic, financial, 
political, social or government conditions which may result or already resulted in (including but not limited to) 
limited access to workplaces, and limited availability of key personnel, higher inflation, higher interest rates, 
higher cost of living, declining access to credit, lower or stagnating wages, increasing unemployment, 
changes in government regulatory, fiscal or tax policies, including changes in applicable tax rates and the 
modification of existing or adoption of new tax legislation, sanctions regimes, removal of subsidies, reduced 
public spending, increases in fuel prices, weakness in energy markets or a loss of consumer confidence. 
Such conditions may have an adverse impact on both the operational business of VWL and the financial 
performance of the Purchased Lease Receivables.  
Risk of Losses on the Purchased Lease Receivables  
Due to the risk of losses on the Purchased Lease Receivables, there is no assurance that the Noteholders 
will receive for each Note the total nominal amount of such Note plus interest pursuant to the respective Final

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
 
Terms nor that the distributions which are made will correspond to the monthly payments originally agreed 
upon in the underlying Lease Contracts. 
Risks Relating to the Insolvency of the Seller of the Purchased Lease Receivables 
In case insolvency proceedings are commenced in relation to VWL as German Seller of the Purchased Lease 
Receivables, the expected cash flows of the Purchased Lease Receivables could be adversely affected as 
laid out below.  
The legal existence of the Purchased Lease Receivables assigned under the Receivables Purchase 
Agreement would generally survive the institution of insolvency proceedings against VWL pursuant to section 
108 (1) sentence 2 of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) under the condition that (i) the Leased 
Vehicles were financed by a third party and (ii) the title to the Purchased Leased Vehicles were transferred 
to such third party as security for such financing.  
The Programme relies on the interpretation of section 108 (1) sentence 2 of the German Insolvency Code 
(Insolvenzordnung) that, if applied to the Programme, the insolvency administrator of VWL will not have the 
right to discontinue Lease Contracts on the grounds that the acquisition finance of the Leased Vehicles has 
been refinanced through securitisation. Hence, it should be noted that there is no case law on this point. 
However, should a court come to the conclusion that section 108 (1) sentence 2 of the German Insolvency 
Code (Insolvenzordnung) does not apply this would have, under section 103 of the German Insolvency Code 
(Insolvenzordnung), the following consequences:  
Section 103 of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) grants VWL’s insolvency administrator for 
mutual contracts which have not been (or have not been completely) performed by VWL and the Lessees at 
the date when insolvency proceedings were opened against VWL the right to opt whether or not such 
contracts will be continued. 
If VWL’s insolvency administrator chooses not to continue any Lease Contracts with the Lessees, then the 
Purchased Lease Receivables arising from such Lease Contracts will be extinguished. If VWL’s insolvency 
administrator chooses to continue a Lease Contract, the payment obligation of the Lessee will be continued 
and such obligation will remain. In such event, the payment obligation of the Lessee will be reinstated to an 
obligation against the estate of the Seller and such reinstated payment obligation would not be subject to any 
assignment under the Receivables Purchase Agreement which came into effect prior to the commencement 
of insolvency proceedings against VWL, but would be owed to the estate of the Seller. However, the Issuer's 
shortfall would be covered by the security title (Sicherungseigentum) of the Issuer in the Leased Vehicle which 
would entitle the Issuer to the realisation proceeds of the Leased Vehicle, subject to clause 17 (Foreclosure 
on the Security, Foreclosure Event) of the Trust Agreement.  
Commingling Risk 
VWL as Servicer is entitled to commingle Collections with its own funds during each Monthly Period in 
accordance with the following procedure: 
If the Monthly Remittance Condition is satisfied, VWL as Servicer is entitled to commingle Collections with its 
own funds during each Monthly Period and will be required to make a single transfer to the Distribution 
Account on the following Payment Date. If the Monthly Remittance Condition is not satisfied, VWL as Servicer 
is entitled to commingle Collections with its own funds during each Monthly Period only if it has deposited the 
Monthly Collateral for the respective Monthly Period in the Distribution Account. Otherwise, Collections and 
other amounts collected by the Servicer on Purchased Lease Receivables will be required to be remitted by 
it to the Distribution Account on the first Business Day after receipt of such amounts. 
Commingled funds may be used or invested by VWL at its own risk and for its own benefit until the relevant 
Payment Date. If VWL were unable to remit such amounts or were to become an insolvent debtor, losses or 
delays in distributions to investors may occur. 
Risk of Change of Servicer 
In the event VWL is replaced as Servicer, there may be losses or delays in processing payments or losses 
on the Purchased Lease Receivables due to a disruption in service because a successor not immediately

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
 
available, or because the substitute servicer is not as experienced and efficient as VWL. This may cause 
delays in payments or losses on the Notes. 
Risk of Non-Existence of Purchased Lease Receivables 
In the event that any of the Purchased Lease Receivables have not come into existence at the time of its 
assignment to the Issuer under any Receivables Purchase Agreement, such assignment would not result in 
the Issuer acquiring ownership title in such Purchased Lease Receivable. The Issuer would not receive 
adequate value in return for its purchase price payment. This result is independent of whether the Issuer, at 
the time of assignment, is unaware of the non-existence and therefore acts in good faith (gutgläubig) with 
respect to the existence of such Purchased Lease Receivable.  
Restriction on Assignment 
VWL standard vehicle leasing conditions for the leasing of business vehicles and the standard vehicle leasing 
conditions for private customers do not prohibit VWL from assigning claims arising from such Leasing 
Contracts. In case VWL should have agreed or will agree with any Lessee that it is restricted from assigning 
the Purchased Lease Receivables arising under the respective Lease Contract, such Purchased Lease 
Receivable could generally not be validly assigned to the Issuer under the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Any assignment of a Purchased Lease Receivable which contravenes such assignment restriction will be 
invalid. However, under an exception contained in section 354a (1) of the German Commercial Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch), the assignment of monetary claims (i.e. claims for the payment of money) governed 
by German law cannot effectively be contractually excluded if the underlying agreement between the 
contracting parties constitutes a commercial transaction for both parties (beiderseitiges Handelsgeschäft). In 
such circumstances, monetary claims to which such restriction applies can be validly assigned 
notwithstanding a contractual restriction on assignment in the underlying contract provided that the debtor 
under such claim is a merchant (Kaufmann). Notwithstanding that German courts would not enforce 
restrictions on the assignment of monetary claims to the extent to which section 354a (1) of the German 
Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) provides that they are not enforceable, section 354a (1) nonetheless 
allows the Lessee of an assigned claim to discharge its obligations by payment to the original creditor (i.e. 
VWL) even if it is notified of the assignment of its debt obligation. In the event that some of the Lessees would 
not be merchants (Kaufleute) in the meaning of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch), 
contractually stipulated restrictions on assignment would render any assignment in violation of such 
restrictions to be invalid. 
Risks Resulting from Consumer Credit Legislation 
Some of the Lessees qualify as consumers (Verbraucher) within the meaning of section 13 of the German 
Civil Code or enter into the Lease Contracts to take up a trade or self-employed occupation (Existenzgründer). 
In each of these cases, additional rules for the protection of these types of Lessees may apply in accordance 
with the following principles: 
1. 
Financial lease contracts (Finanzierungsleasingverträge) / contracts providing for financial 
accomodation against consideration (entgeltliche Finanzierungshilfe) 
All of the Lease Contracts qualify as Closed End Lease Contracts. The German Federal Court of 
Justice (Bundesgerichtshof) decided that Closed End Lease Contracts do not qualify as a contract 
which provides for financial accommodation against consideration (entgeltliche Finanzierungshilfe) 
within the meaning of section 506 of the German Civil Code (BGH,24 February 2021, VIII ZR 36/20). 
However, if a Closed End Lease Contract qualifies as a contract of distance marketing 
(Fernabsatzvertrag) or if a court comes to the decision that the lessor granted the lessee a 
contractual right of revocation (vertragliches Wiederrufsrecht) a Lessee will be able to exercise any 
of the rights pursuant to sections 358 to 360 and 491a to 502 of the German Civil Code, in particular 
but not limited to a revocation right. 
2. 
Instalment payment transactions (Teilzahlungsgeschäft) 
Although rather unlikely for Closed End Lease Contracts in the light of the latest case law, Lease 
Contracts with the above-described types of Lessees could also be regarded as instalment payment 
transactions (Teilzahlungsgeschäft) within the meaning of section 506 (3) of the German Civil Code, 
under which the consumer credit legislation would also apply. This would require that under the

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
 
Lease Contract the Lessee is granted an option to purchase the Leased Vehicle which is binding for 
the Issuer. Such qualification may vest Lessees with the above defences in case the Seller breaches 
the above consumer protection rules, which may result in the Issuer not receiving sufficient 
Collections to redeem part or all of the Notes. 
Risk of Defences and other Set-Off Rights of Lessees against Assignment  
With respect to a Purchased Lease Receivable assigned by VWL to the Issuer in fulfilment of the Receivables 
Purchase Agreement, the Issuer's claim to payment may further be subject to possible defences and 
objections resulting from consumer credit legislation (as described in detail above under the section "Risks 
Resulting from Consumer Credit Legislation") and be subject to defences and set-off rights of the Lessee of 
such Purchased Lease Receivable; provided such rights (i) were in existence and due at the time of the 
assignment of such Purchased Lease Receivable (section 404 of the German Civil Code) or (ii) were acquired 
by the Lessee after such assignment without such Lessee having knowledge of the assignment at the time 
of acquiring the right or at the time when the right falls due (in cases where the right’s maturity falls beyond 
the maturity of the respective right under the Purchased Lease Receivable) (section 406 of the German Civil 
Code). In addition, as long as the Lessee has no knowledge of the assignment, e.g. because it is not notified 
by VWL, it may discharge its debt by paying to VWL. In such case, the Issuer would have a claim for 
compensation against VWL and would therefore be subject to VWL insolvency risk. Because it would not be 
typical for VWL to have other legal relationships with Lessees than the relevant Lease Contracts the likelihood 
of counterclaims or defences other than those arising from consumer credit legislation in connection with 
Lease Contracts is rather small. In this context it should be noted that VWL is not a bank and does not offer 
bank deposits. Also VWL warrants on the Initial Cut-Off Date and on each Additional Cut-Off Date, 
respectively that each Purchased Lease Receivable is free of defences (see "DESCRIPTION OF THE 
PORTFOLIO" and "Warranties and Guarantees in relation to the Sale of the Purchased Lease 
Receivables"). 
Further German Civil Law Aspects 
Pursuant to section 496 (2) of the German Civil Code, any assignor of loan receivables and/or financial leases, 
has the obligation to notify its debtors of the contact details of its assignee except if such assignor remains 
the servicer for the relevant loan receivables and/or financial leases. As such, in case of a Servicer 
Replacement Event, the Lessees need to be notified provided the underlying Lease Contracts are construed 
as financial leases. Until the relevant Lessees have been notified of the assignment of the relevant Purchased 
Lease Receivables, they may undertake payment with discharging effect to the Seller. Each Lessee may 
further raise defences against the Issuer arising from its relationship with the Seller which are existing at the 
time of the assignment of the Purchased Lease Receivables. Moreover, each Lessee is entitled to set-off 
against the Issuer its claims against the Seller or such claims against the Seller which become due only after 
the Lessee acquires such knowledge and after the relevant Purchased Lease Receivables themselves 
become due. As a consequence, the respective Lessee may no longer be obliged to pay his lease instalments 
which may result in the Issuer not receiving sufficient Collections to redeem part or all of the Notes. 
If and to the extent Leased Vehicles are sold by the Servicer in its own name but for the account of the Issuer 
in the open market, the sale agreements entered into with individuals (Privatpersonen) as final customers 
may be within the applicability of the law of sale regarding consumer products (Verbrauchsgüterkaufrecht). 
Pursuant to such statutory mandatory law, the prescription period for claims resulting from the fact that the 
sold used vehicle had defects cannot be shortened to less than a year (section 476 (2) of the German Civil 
Code). The burden of proof that there was no such defect at the time the used vehicle was surrendered to 
the individual (Gefahrübergang) is, generally, to be borne by the seller for a period of six months (section 477 
(1) of the German Civil Code). Depending on the intensity of the defect it can happen that the entire previous 
realisation proceeds are consumed or even exceeded by costs of repair. Further, sale agreements concluded 
via internet portals, communications by electronic systems, telemarketing, letters etc. are contracts of distant 
marketing (Fernabsatzverträge). The individual final customer in such case is entitled to revoke the sales 
agreement within a period of two weeks after conclusion of the agreement without giving reasons. Such period 
begins on the later of the date on which: (i) the sale contract has been concluded; (ii) the consumer has been 
duly notified of his right of revocation in a form that meets the requirements set forth in section 355(2) of the 
German Civil Code; (iii) the consumer received a copy of the contract document (Vertragsurkunde); (iv) the 
consumer has received the purchased vehicle; or (v) the consumer has received the information required 
pursuant to section 312d (2) of the German Civil Code. In this case the Servicer (on behalf of the Issuer and 
the Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser) has to refund the purchase price and additionally pay the whole 
rescission of contract.

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
 
Termination for Good Cause (Kündigung aus wichtigem Grund) 
As a general principle of German law, a contract may always be terminated for good cause (Kündigung aus 
wichtigem Grund) and such right may not be totally excluded nor may it be subject to unreasonable restrictions 
or the consent from a third party. This may also have an impact on several limitations on the right of the 
parties to terminate any of the Programme Documents for good cause. 
Risk of Re-characterisation of the Programme as Loan Secured by Purchased Lease Receivables 
The sale of the Purchased Lease Receivables under the Receivables Purchase Agreement has been 
structured to qualify as a true sale from VWL to the Issuer. In particular, total default risk enhancement in 
respect of the Purchased Lease Receivables will be not higher than 9 per cent. of the purchase price. 
However, there are no statutory or case law based tests with respect to when a securitisation transaction 
qualifies as an effective sale or as a secured loan. Therefore, there is a risk that a court may re-characterise 
the sale of Lease Receivables under the Receivables Purchase Agreement as a secured loan. If a sale of the 
Lease Receivables is re-characterised as a secured loan, sections 166 and 51 No. 1 of the German 
Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) would apply with the following consequences:  
The insolvency administrator of VWL would have possession of Lease Receivables or other movable objects 
assigned as security and the Issuer is barred from enforcing the security. The insolvency administrator of 
VWL as transferor of the Purchased Lease Receivables which have been assigned for security purposes is 
authorised by German law to enforce and realise the assigned Purchased Lease Receivables (on behalf of 
the assignee) and the Issuer is barred from enforcing the Purchased Lease Receivables assigned to it itself 
or through an agent. The insolvency administrator is obliged to transfer the proceeds from such realisation of 
the Purchased Lease Receivables to the Issuer. He may, however, deduct from the enforcement proceeds 
his fees which amount to 4 per cent. of the enforcement proceeds for assessing his preferential rights plus 
up to 5 per cent. or more of the enforcement proceeds as compensation for the costs of enforcement. In case 
the enforcement costs are considerably higher than 5 per cent. of the enforcement proceeds, the 
compensation for the enforcement costs may be higher. Where applicable, the insolvency administrator may 
also withhold VAT on such amounts (sections 166 (2), 171 (2) of the German Insolvency Code 
(Insolvenzordnung)).  
Reliance on Warranties 
If the Purchased Lease Receivables should partially or totally fail to conform at the Closing Date or, 
respectively, with respect to Purchased Lease Receivables purchased on any Additional Purchase Date, at 
such Additional Purchase Date, with the warranties given by VWL in the Initial Receivables Purchase 
Agreement or any Additional Receivables Purchase Agreement and such failure materially and adversely 
affects the interests of the Issuer or the Noteholders, VWL shall have until the end of the related monthly 
period which includes the 60th day (or, if VWL elects, an earlier date) after the date that VWL became aware 
or was notified of such failure to cure or correct such failure. Any such breach or failure will be deemed not to 
have a material and adverse effect if such breach or failure does not affect the ability of the Purchaser to 
receive and retain timely payment in full on any related Purchased Lease Receivable. The Issuer's sole 
remedy will be to require VWL to take one of the following remedial actions: 
(a) 
remedy the matter giving rise to such breach if such matter is capable of remedy provided that, if a 
remedy within the time period provided above is not practicable, VWL may remedy such breach by 
the last day of the following monthly period; or 
(b) 
replace the relevant Purchased Lease Receivable, taking into account the warranties and 
guarantees set out in clauses 6.1 and 6.2 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement, with a Lease 
Receivable the present value of which shall be at least the Settlement Amount of such Purchased 
Lease Receivable as at the monthly period immediately preceding such replacement, provided that, 
if a remedy within the time period specified above is not practicable, VWL may replace such 
Purchased Lease Receivable by the last day of the following monthly period; or 
(c) 
repurchase the relevant Purchased Lease Receivable and all related Lease Collateral at a price 
equal to the Settlement Amount of such Purchased Lease Receivable as of the monthly period 
immediately preceding such repurchase provided that, if it is not practicable to repurchase such 
Purchased Lease Receivable within the time period provided above, VWL may repurchase such

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
 
Purchased Lease Receivable on the Payment Date immediately following the last day of the 
following monthly period. 
Reliance on Servicing and Collection Procedures 
VWL, in its capacity as Servicer, will carry out the servicing, collection and enforcement of the Purchased 
Lease Receivables, including foreclosure on the Purchased Lease Receivables and the realisation of the 
Purchased Expectancy Rights, in accordance with the Servicing Agreement (see "ADMINISTRATION OF 
THE PURCHASED LEASE RECEIVABLES UNDER THE SERVICING AGREEMENT").  
Accordingly, the Noteholders are relying on the business judgement and practices of VWL as they exist from 
time to time, in its capacity as Servicer to collect and enforce claims against the Lessees.  
Conflicts of Interest 
VWL is acting in a number of capacities in connection with the Programme. VWL will have only those duties 
and responsibilities expressly agreed to by it in the relevant agreement and will not, by virtue of it or any of 
its Affiliates’ acting in any other capacity, be deemed to have any other duties or responsibilities or be deemed 
to be held to a standard of care other than as expressly provided in each agreement to which it is a party. 
VWL in its various capacities in connection with the Programme may enter into business dealings from which 
it may derive revenues and profits without any duty to account therefore to any other Programme Parties. 
VWL may hold and/or service claims against Lessees other than the Purchased Lease Receivables. The 
interests or obligations of VWL in its respective capacities with respect to such other claims may in certain 
aspects conflict with the interests of the Noteholders. 
VWL may freely engage in other commercial relationships with other parties. In such relationships VWL is not 
obliged to take into account the interests of the Noteholders. Accordingly, because of these relationships, 
potential conflicts of interest may arise. 
Risks regarding the Sale of Used Vehicles after automatic transfer of full legal title 
The rate of recovery upon a Lessee default may itself be influenced by various economic, tax, legal and other 
factors such as changes in the value of the Leased Vehicles or the level of interest rates from time to time.  
There might be various risks involved in the sales of used vehicles which could have the potential of 
significantly influencing the proceeds generated from the sale of vehicles, e.g. disproportionately high 
damages and mileage, correlation between the age of the vehicle and its value on the balance sheet of VWL, 
less popular configuration of cars (e.g. engine, colour), oversized special equipment (the sale value of special 
vehicle equipment is comparatively low in relation to the resale value of the vehicle), large numbers of 
homogeneous types of vehicles over short time intervals (e.g. fleet vehicles), general price volatility in the 
used vehicles market or seasonal impacts on sales (e.g. winter vs. spring). 
Furthermore, Regulation (EU) 2019/631 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 17 April 2019 
setting CO2 emission performance standards for new passenger cars and for new light commercial vehicles 
sets new CO2 standards which require average emissions of new cars to come down by 55% by 2030, and 
new vans by 50% by 2030 and zero Co2 emission as of 2035. Regulation (EU) 2019/631 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 17 April 2019 is likely to already have an adverse impact on the residual 
values of the Leased Vehicles with combustion engines. Such impact may result in lower proceeds in case 
of a sale of or enforcement on the Purchased Receivables and, therefore may impact the Issuer’s ability to 
make payments under the Notes. 
Present Value of Purchased Lease Receivables 
There is no assurance that the present value of the Purchased Lease Receivables will at any time be equal 
to or greater than the principal amount outstanding of the Notes. 
Risks Resulting from Data Protection Rules 
Since 25 May 2018, the Regulation (EU) 2015/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 
2016 (the "General Data Protection Regulation") applies and, together with the Data Protection Amendment 
and Implementation Act (Datenschutzanpassungs- und Umsetzungsgesetz), which implements Directive

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
 
(EU) 2016/680 of the European Parliament and the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural 
persons with regard to the processing of personal data, replaced the German Federal Data Protection Act 
(Bundesdatenschutzgesetz). 
Pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation, a transfer of personal data is permitted, inter alia, if (i) 
the data subject has given consent to the processing of his or her personal data for one or more specific 
purposes or (ii) processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the controller 
or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and 
freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data..  
The assignment of the Purchased Lease Receivables, however, is not structured in strict compliance with the 
guidelines for German true sale securitisations of bank assets set out in the circular 4/97 of the German 
Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht). In particular, these 
guidelines require a neutral entity to act as data trustee that is a public notary, a domestic credit institution or 
a credit institution having its seat in any member state of the European Union or any other state of the 
European Economic Area and being supervised pursuant to the EU Banking Directives. The Data Protection 
Trustee does not fall into any of these categories. Arguably, the rationale for identifying regulated credit 
institutions and notaries as eligible data trustees is, besides their neutrality, their reliability in relation to the 
protection of data when handling personal data. Thus, the Issuer has been advised that there are good 
arguments to construe the term neutral entity for this purpose to include other entities having their seat in the 
European Union or European Economic Area if the relevant entity is equally neutral and reliable in relation to 
the handling of personal data which is also backed by the view of the German Federal Financial Supervisory 
Authority (cf. letter of the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority of 14 December 2007, section 
capacity as data trustee, BA 37-FR 1903-2007/0001).  
If the Issuer was considered to be in breach of the General Data Protection Regulation or the Data Protection 
Amendment and Implementation Act (Datenschutzanpassungs- und Umsetzungsgesetz), it could be fined 
and in case of such fines being substantial, this could have an impact on the ability of the Issuer to make 
payments on the Notes ultimately leading to a risk of the Noteholders to incur a loss. 
Historical and other Information 
The historical information set out in particular in "DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO" reflects the historical 
experience and sets out the procedures applied by the initial Servicer to the Portfolio of the Seller. However, 
the past performance of financial assets is no assurance as to the future performance of the Purchased 
Rights. Any deterioration of the future performance of the Purchased Rights may result in the Issuer not 
receiving sufficient Collections to redeem part or all of the Notes. 
IV. RISKS RELATED TO REGULATORY CHANGES 
Risk retention and due diligence requirements 
Investors, to which the Securitisation Regulation is applicable, should make themselves aware of the 
requirements of Article 5 of the Securitisation Regulation, in addition to any other regulatory requirements 
applicable to them with respect to their investment in the Notes. 
The Securitisation Regulation replaced the former risk retention requirements by one single provision, Article 
6 of the Securitisation Regulation, which provides for a new direct obligation on originators to retain risk. 
Article 5 (1)(c) of the Securitisation Regulation requires institutional investors as defined in Article 2 (12) of 
the Securitisation Regulation (which term also includes an insurance or reinsurance undertaking as defined 
in the Solvency II Regulation and an alternative investment fund manager as defined in the AIFM Regulation) 
to verify that, if established in the European Union, the originator, sponsor or original lender retains on an 
ongoing basis a material net economic interest in accordance with Article 6 of the Securitisation Regulation 
and the risk retention is disclosed to the institutional investor in accordance with Article 7(1)(e) of the 
Securitisation Regulation. 
With respect to the commitment of the Seller, in its capacity as originator, to retain a material net economic 
interest with respect to the Programme, following the issuance of Notes as contemplated by Article 6(3)(c) of 
the Securitisation Regulation, the Seller, in its capacity as originator, will retain, for the life of the Programme, 
such net economic interest through an interest in randomly selected exposures. Such interest in randomly 
selected exposures has been and will be equivalent to no less than 5 per cent. of the nominal value of the

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
 
securitised exposures on an ongoing basis provided that the level of retention may reduce over time in 
compliance with Article 10 (2) of the RRTS. The Seller in its capacity as servicer will service all of the retained 
exposures, the securitised exposures and comparable exposures held on its balance sheet in accordance 
with its customary practices in effect from time to time. 
The outstanding balance of the retained exposures may be reduced over time by, amongst other things, 
amortisation and allocation of losses or defaults on the underlying Purchased Lease Receivables. The 
Monthly Investor Reports will also set out monthly confirmation as to the Seller continued holding of the 
original retained exposures. 
It should be noted that there is no certainty that references to the retention obligations of the Seller in this 
Base Prospectus will constitute explicit disclosure (on the part of the Seller) or adequate due diligence (on 
the part of the Noteholders) for the purposes of Article 5 of the Securitisation Regulation. 
Article 5 of the Securitisation Regulation places an obligation on institutional investors (as defined in the 
Securitisation Regulation) before investing in a securitisation and thereafter, to analyse, understand and 
stress test their securitisation positions and monitor on an ongoing basis in a timely manner performance 
information on the exposures underlying their securitisation positions. After the Issue Date, VWL in its capacity 
as originator as designated reporting entity under Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation will prepare 
Monthly Investor Reports wherein relevant information with regard to the Purchased Lease Receivables will 
be disclosed publicly together with an overview of the retention of the material net economic interest by the 
Seller in accordance with the Securitisation Regulation Disclosure Requirements and will make such 
information available via the Securitisation Repository. 
Where the relevant retention requirements are not complied with in any material respect and there is 
negligence or omission in the fulfilment of the due diligence obligations on the part of a credit institution that 
is investing in the Notes, a proportionate additional risk weight of no less than 250 per cent. of the risk weight 
(with the total risk weight capped at 1250 per cent.) which would otherwise apply to the relevant securitisation 
position will be imposed on such credit institution, progressively increasing with each subsequent infringement 
of the due diligence provisions.  
If the Seller does not comply with its obligations under Article 6 of the Securitisation Regulation, the ability of 
the Noteholders to sell and/or the price investors receive for, the Notes in the secondary market may be 
adversely affected. 
Before and following the issuance of Notes, relevant investors, to which the Securitisation Regulation is 
applicable, are required to independently assess and determine the sufficiency of the information described 
above for the purposes of complying with Article 5 of the Securitisation Regulation. 
Noteholders should take their own advice and/or seek guidance from their regulator on compliance with, and 
the application of, the provisions of Article 6 of the Securitisation Regulation in particular. 
Securitisation Regulation and simple, transparent and standardised securitisation 
Although the Programme has been structured to comply with the requirements for simple, transparent and 
standardised securitisations transactions as set out in Articles 20, 21 and 22 of the Securitisation Regulation 
and has been verified by STS Verification International GmbH on 25 September 2019, in its capacity as third 
party verification agent authorised pursuant to Article 28 of the Securitisation Regulation, and such verification 
has been confirmed on each annual renewal date since then, no guarantee can be given that it maintains this 
status throughout its lifetime. The designation of the Programme as compliant with Articles 20, 21 and 22 of 
the Securitisation Regulation does not constitute, nor shall be regarded as constituting, a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities. Noteholders and potential investors should verify the current status of the 
Programme on the website of ESMA. Non-compliance with such status may result in higher capital 
requirements for investors as an investment in the Notes would not benefit from Articles 243, 260, 262 and 
264 of the CRR. Furthermore, following STS classification, any non-compliance could result in various 
administrative sanctions and/or remedial measures being imposed on the Issuer which may be payable or 
reimbursable by the Issuer. As the Order of Priority does not foresee a reimbursement of the Issuer for the 
payment of any of such administrative sanctions and/or remedial measures the repayment of the Notes may 
be adversely affected.

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
 
Under Regulation (EU) 2017/2401 amending Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (the "CRR Amendment 
Regulation") the risk weights applicable to securitisation exposures for credit institutions and investment 
firms have been substantially increased, depending on the features of the particular securitisation exposure. 
Prospective investors should carefully consider (and, where appropriate, take independent advice) in relation 
to the capital charges associated with an investment in the Notes. In particular, investors should carefully 
consider the capital charges associated with an investment in the Notes for credit institutions and investment 
firms, depending on the particular exposure. These effects may include, but are not limited to, a decrease in 
demand for the Notes in the secondary market, which may lead to a decreased price for the Notes. It may 
also lead to decreased liquidity and increased volatility in the secondary market. Prospective investors are 
themselves responsible for monitoring and assessing changes to the EU risk retention rules and their 
regulatory capital requirements.  
Investor compliance with due diligence requirements under the UK Securitisation Regulation 
Following the UK's withdrawal from the EU at the end of 2020, Securitisation Regulation as it applies in the 
United Kingdom (together with applicable directions, secondary legislation, guidance, binding technical 
standards and related documents published by the FCA and the PRA of the United Kingdom) (the "UK 
Securitisation Regulation") applies in the UK. The UK Securitisation Regulation largely mirrors (with some 
adjustments) the EU Securitisation Regulation as it applied in the EU at the end of 2020. However, the 
currently applicable UK regime will be revoked and replaced with a new recast regime as a result of ongoing 
legislative reforms introduced under the “Edinburgh Reforms” of UK financial services announced on 9 
December 2022 and the UK post-Brexit move to "A Smarter Regulatory Framework for financial services" 
(the "UK SR Reforms"). The new UK regime (the "Recast UK SR") is being introduced under the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2020, as amended by the Financial Services and Markets Act 2023 ("FSMA") and 
related thereto (i) the Securitisation Regulations 2024 (SI 2024/102) made on 29 January 2024, as amended 
("2024 UK SR SI"); as well as (ii) the new securitisation rules of the PRA and the FCA ("PRA Securitisation 
Rules" and "FCA Securitisation Rules", collectively "PRA/FCA Securitisation Rules"). It should be noted 
that the implementation of the UK SR Reforms is a protracted process and will be introduced in phases. 
Therefore, at this stage, not all the details are known on the implementation of the UK SR Reforms. Note also 
that while the Recast UK SR regime will apply to new securitisations with the UK nexus closed on or after 1 
November 2024 and investments made in relevant securitisation positions by the UK institutional investors 
on or after that date, the Recast UK SR regime also has potential implications for securitisations in-scope of 
the UK Securitisation Regulation that closed prior to 1 November 2024. Please note that some divergence 
between EU and UK regimes exists already. While the Recast UK SR regime bring some alignment with the 
EU regime, it also introduces new points of divergence and the risk of further divergence between EU and 
UK regimes cannot be ruled out in the longer term as it is not known at this stage how the ongoing reforms 
or any future reforms will be finalised and implemented in the UK or the EU. 
The UK Securitisation Regulation includes in Article 5 due diligence requirements which are applicable to UK 
institutional investors in a securitisation. Among other things, prior to holding a securitisation position, such 
institutional investors are required to verify certain matters with respect to compliance of the relevant 
transaction parties with credit granting standards, risk retention and transparency requirements and, on 
transactions notified as a simple, transparent and standardised securitisation, compliance of that transaction 
with the EU or UK STS requirements, as applicable. If the due diligence requirements under Article 5 of the 
UK Securitisation Regulation are not satisfied then, depending on the regulatory requirements applicable to 
such UK institutional investors, an additional risk weight, regulatory capital charge and/or other regulatory 
sanction may be applied to such securitisation investment and/or imposed on the UK institutional investor. 
In respect of the due diligence requirements under Article 5 of the UK Securitisation Regulation, potential UK 
institutional investors (as defined in the UK Securitisation Regulation) should note in particular that: 
• 
in respect of the risk retention requirements set out in Article 6 of the UK Securitisation Regulation 
VWL, in its capacity as originator, commits to retain a material net economic interest with respect to 
this Programme in compliance with Article 6(3)(c) of the Securitisation Regulation and Article 6 of 
the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2175 of 7 July 2023 or any successor delegated 
regulation only and not in compliance with Article 6 of the UK Securitisation Regulation, and 
• 
in respect of the transparency requirements set out in Article 7 of the UK Securitisation Regulation, 
the Servicer in its capacity as designated reporting entity under Article 7 of the Securitisation 
Regulation will make use of the standardised templates developed by ESMA in respect of the

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
 
Securitisation Regulation Disclosure Requirements for the purposes of this Programme and will not 
make use of the standardised templates adopted by the FCA.  
No assurance can be given that the information included in this Base Prospectus or provided in accordance 
with the Securitisation Regulation Disclosure Requirements will be sufficient for the purposes of assisting 
such UK institutional investors in complying with their due diligence obligations under Article 5 of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation.  
Therefore, relevant UK institutional investors are required to independently assess and determine the 
sufficiency of the information described in this prospectus for the purposes of complying with Article 5 of the 
UK Securitisation Regulation (including any changes as a result of the UK SR Reforms), and any 
corresponding national measures which may be relevant to investors, and no assurance can be given that 
this is the case. None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Lead Manager, the Security Trustee, the Servicer, the 
Seller or any of the other Programme Parties makes any representation that any such information described 
in this Base Prospectus is sufficient in all circumstances for such purposes. 
The UK Securitisation Regulation makes provisions for a securitisation transaction to be designated as an 
STS Securitisation. Under the UK Securitisation Regulation, securitisation transactions which have been 
notified to ESMA prior to 31 December 2024 as meeting the requirements to qualify as an STS Securitisation 
under the Securitisation Regulation can also qualify as an STS Securitisation under the UK Securitisation 
Regulation, provided that the securitisation transaction remains on the ESMA register and continues to meet 
the requirements for STS Securitisations under the Securitisation Regulation. This Programme is not intended 
to be designated as an STS Securitisation for the purposes of the UK Securitisation Regulation. Investors 
should therefore consider the consequence from a regulatory perspective of the Notes not being considered 
an STS Securitisation, including (but not limited to) that the lack of such designation may negatively affect the 
regulatory position of the Notes and, in addition, have a negative effect on the price and liquidity of the Notes 
in the secondary market. 
U.S. Risk Retention 
The Programme will not involve risk retention by the Seller for the purposes of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, 
but rather will be made in reliance on an exemption provided for in Section __.20 of the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules regarding non-U.S. transactions. Such non-U.S. transactions must meet certain requirements, 
including that (1) the transaction is not required to be and is not registered under the Securities Act; (2) no 
more than 10 per cent. of the dollar value (or equivalent amount in the currency in which the securities are 
issued) of all classes of securities issued in the securitisation transaction are sold or transferred to U.S. 
persons (in each case, as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules) or for the account or benefit of U.S. 
persons (as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules and referred to in this Base Prospectus as "Risk 
Retention U.S. Persons"); (3) neither the sponsor nor the issuer of the securitisation transaction is organised 
under U.S. law or is a branch located in the United States of a non-U.S. entity; and (4) no more than 25 per 
cent. of the underlying collateral was acquired from a majority-owned affiliate or branch of the sponsor or 
issuer organised or located in the United States. 
There can be no assurance that the exemption provided for in Section __.20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules 
regarding non-U.S. transactions will be available.  Failure of the offering of the Notes to comply with the U.S. 
Risk Retention Rules (regardless of the reason for such failure to comply) could give rise to regulatory action 
which may adversely affect the Notes.  Furthermore, the impact of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules on the 
securitisation market generally is uncertain, and a failure by a transaction to comply with the risk retention 
requirements of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules could negatively affect the market value and secondary market 
liquidity of the Notes. 
Reform of EURIBOR Determinations 
EURIBOR qualifies as a benchmark (a "Benchmark") within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC 
and 2014/17/EC and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"), which is applicable 
since 1 January 2018. Currently, EURIBOR has been identified as a "critical benchmark" within the meaning 
of the Benchmarks Regulation. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to "contributors", "administrators" and 
"users" of benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) in the EU, and among other things, (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
 
benchmarks and (ii) ban the use of benchmarks of unauthorised administrators. EURIBOR is administered 
by European Money Markets Institute which is registered in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on the date of this 
Base Prospectus. Should the European Money Markets Institute become de-registered from ESMA's register 
of administrators and benchmarks, there is a risk that the use of EURIBOR might be banned in accordance 
with the Benchmarks Regulation.  
Furthermore, it is not possible to ascertain as at the date of this Base Prospectus (i) what the impact of the 
Benchmarks Regulation will be on the determination of EURIBOR in the future, which could adversely affect 
the value of the Notes, (ii) how changes in accordance with the Benchmarks Regulation may impact the 
determination of EURIBOR for the purposes of the Notes and the Swap Agreement, (iii) whether any changes 
in accordance with the Benchmarks Regulation will result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in 
EURIBOR rates or (iv) whether changes in accordance with the Benchmarks Regulation will have an adverse 
impact on the liquidity or the market value of the Notes and the payment of interest thereunder.   
Any consequential changes to EURIBOR as a result of the European Union, or other international, national, 
or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further uncertainty in relation to the 
timing and manner of implementation of such changes could have a material adverse effect on the value of 
and return on the Notes. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing 
to administer or participate in certain Benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules of methodologies used in 
certain Benchmarks, adversely affect the performance of a Benchmark or lead to the disappearance of certain 
Benchmarks. Upon the occurrence of several predetermined events, the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, 
shall have the right to determine a Substitute Reference Rate in its due discretion, but subject to a prior 
coordination with the Security Trustee, to replace EURIBOR. There can be no assurance, however, that an 
appropriate Substitute Reference Rate will be available in such a situation and, if available, that the Substitute 
Reference Rate will generate interest payments under the Notes resulting in the Noteholders receiving the 
same yield that they would have received had EURIBOR been applied for the remaining life of the Notes. 
Furthermore, as alternative or reformed reference rates to replace the EURIBOR calculated according to their 
original methodology are still in the process of being identified and developed by or with the involvement of 
administrators, contributors, central banks, supervisory authorities and market participants, it cannot be 
predicted at the date of this Base Prospectus what such Substitute Reference Rate would be. Should the 
Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, substitute EURIBOR for a Substitute Reference Rate, this could negatively 
affect the yield and the market value of the Notes. If the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, does not make use 
of its right to determine a Substitute Reference Rate, interest payable on the Notes will be determined in 
reliance on the ordinary fallback mechanism set forth in the Conditions. In a situation where EURIBOR has 
definitely ceased to exist, no such quotes might be provided, in which event interest payable under the Notes 
would be determined on the basis of the rate(s) shown on the relevant screen page of the relevant information 
vendor on last day on which such screen rate was available, effectively turning floating rate notes into Notes 
with fixed interest payments. The application of this fallback mechanism could have significant negative 
effects on the yield and the market value of the Notes, particularly because EURIBOR immediately prior to 
its definite disappearance might be subject to high volatility. 
The Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") contains similar requirements with respect to the UK, in particular the 
requirement for benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-UK-based, to be subject 
to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with extensive requirements in 
relation to the administration of benchmarks and prevent certain uses by UK-supervised entities of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-UK based, deemed equivalent 
or recognised or endorsed). Pursuant to section 20 of the Financial Services Act 2021, the transitional period 
for third country benchmarks has been extended from 31 December 2022 to 31 December 2025. 
Basel Capital Accord and regulatory capital requirements 
The European authorities have incorporated the Basel III framework into EU law, primarily through Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit 
institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 
2002/87/EC and repealing Directive 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC (Capital Requirements Directive – "CRD"), 
as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of 20 May 2019 (the "CRD V") and Directive (EU) 2024/1619 of 31 
May 2024 (the "CRD VI"), and the CRR, as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of 20 May 2019 (the "CRR 
II") and Regulation (EU) 2024/1623 of 31 May 2024 (the "CRR III"). The CRR III will apply as of 1 January

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
 
2025. In respect of the CRD VI Member States will have 18 months to transpose the directive into national 
legislation.  
CRR III implements changes to the output floor which had been introduced to reduce excessive variability of 
banks’ capital requirements calculated with internal models. The output floor will be implemented on a 
transitional basis starting with 50% as of 1 January 2025 and ending with 72.5% from 1 January 2030 
onwards. CRR III also implements changes to the p-factor, for exposures that are risk weighted using the 
SEC-IRBA or the Internal Assessment Approach and, which shall, until 31 December 2032, apply the 
following factor p: (a) p = 0,25 for a STS (b) p = 0,5 for non-STS. Further key changes of CRR III are changes 
to the risk weight provisions. 
Additionally, Regulation (EU) No 2015/61 of 10 October 2014 (the "LCR Regulation") sets out assumed 
asset inflow and outflow rates to better reflect actual experience in times of stress. On 19 November 2018, 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2018/1620 amending the LCR Regulation (the "Delegated Regulation") entered 
into force, pursuant to which, inter alia, transactions exposures of securitisations, which qualify as simple, 
transparent and standardised securitisations in accordance with the Securitisation Regulation, shall qualify 
as Level 2B high quality liquid assets, if they additionally fulfil the conditions laid down in Article 13 of the LCR 
Regulation.  
The CRR III and the CRD VI could affect the risk-based capital treatment of the Notes for investors which are 
subject to bank capital adequacy requirements under these provisions or implementing measures and may 
have negative implications on the cost of regulatory capital for certain investors and thereby on the overall 
return from an investment of the Notes and the liquidity of the Notes. Therefore, investors should consult their 
own advisers as to the regulatory capital requirements in respect of the Notes and as to the consequences 
to and effect on them by the CRR III and the CRD VI and its amendments. No predictions can be made as to 
the precise effects of such matters on any investor or otherwise. There can be no guarantee that the regulatory 
capital treatment of the Notes for investors will not be affected by any future implementation of and changes 
to the CRR III and the CRD VI, or other regulatory or accounting changes.  
V. RISKS RELATED TO TAXATION 
The Common Reporting Standard 
Directive 2014/107/EU on Administrative Cooperation in the Field of Taxation ("DAC II") implements the 
Common Reporting Standard ("CRS") in a European context and creates a mandatory obligation for all EU 
Member States to exchange financial account information in respect of residents in other EU Member States 
on an annual basis.  
For the purposes of complying with its obligations under CRS and DAC II, if any, the Issuer shall be entitled 
to require Noteholders to provide any information regarding their and, in certain circumstances, their 
controlling persons' tax status, identity or residence in order to satisfy any reporting requirements which the 
Issuer may have as a result of CRS and DAC II and Noteholders will be deemed, by their holding, to have 
authorised the automatic disclosure of such information by the Issuer (or any nominated service provider) or 
any other person to the relevant tax authorities who will exchange the information with the tax authorities of 
other participating jurisdictions, as applicable. Failure by the Issuer to comply with its CRS and DAC II 
obligations, if any, may result in the Issuer being deemed to be non-compliant in respect of its CRS obligations 
and monetary penalties may be imposed as a result under applicable law. Such monetary penalties may lead 
to an inability of the Issuer to pay fully or partially interest on the Notes and or to redeem part or all of the 
Notes. 
Income tax 
A foreign corporation is subject to unlimited German resident taxation if it maintains its place of effective 
management and control (Geschäftsleitung) in Germany. As a consequence, the foreign corporation would 
be subject to German resident taxation on its worldwide income, unless certain branch income is tax-exempt 
according to the provision of any applicable tax treaty. The determination of where the place of effective 
management and control is located is based on factual circumstances and cannot be made with scientific 
accuracy. If the German tax authorities and German fiscal courts come to the conclusion that the Issuer 
maintains its effective place of management and control in Germany, the Issuer’s worldwide income would 
be subject to German corporate income except for non-German branch income which is tax-exempted 
according to the provision of any applicable tax treaty; ancillary charges might be assessed additionally.

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
 
A foreign corporation that does not maintain its effective place of management and control in Germany may 
become subject to limited German corporate income taxation if it maintains a permanent establishment 
(Betriebsstätte) or has a permanent representative (Ständiger Vertreter) in Germany. The Issuer does not 
maintain any business premises or office facilities in Germany. In addition, the servicing activities of the 
Servicer should not constitute business being rendered for, and subject to the directions of, the Issuer on a 
permanent basis such that the Issuer would not have a permanent representative in Germany (ständiger 
Vertreter) due to the collection services of the Servicer. The competent German tax authorities are still in the 
process of determining which elements of the activities of a foreign entity (including having its receivables 
serviced by a German entity) may create a permanent establishment or a permanent representative of such 
entity pursuant to German domestic law. Should the German tax authorities and German fiscal courts come 
to the conclusion that the Issuer maintains a permanent establishment (Betriebsstätte) or has a permanent 
representative (Ständiger Vertreter) in Germany, all income attributable to the functions rendered by the 
Servicer would be subject to German limited corporate income taxation; plus ancillary charges (if any). Such 
income might include all refinancing income and expenses of the Issuer and, therefore, the earnings-stripping 
rule might apply to the interest payable on the issued Notes. 
Any German corporate income tax amounts paid by the Issuer to the German tax authorities would reduce 
the amounts available for payments under the Notes. 
Trade tax 
The Issuer is subject to German trade tax if its effective place of management and control is in Germany or 
the Issuer maintains a permanent establishment in Germany. As outlined above, there is no final position of 
the German tax authorities and the German fiscal courts with respect to the precise criteria applicable for 
determining the effective place of management and control and a permanent establishment of a foreign issuer 
in ABS-transactions. In case the German tax authorities and the German fiscal courts come to the conclusion 
that the Issuer maintains its effective place of management and control or a permanent establishment in 
Germany, German trade tax will, in principle, be levied on business profits derived by the Issuer attributable 
to the German presence; plus ancillary charges (if any). In order to cover such potential German trade tax 
risk, VWL has undertaken to indemnify the Issuer against any liabilities, costs, claims and expenses resulting 
from such trade tax claims, except those penalties and interest surcharges that are due to the gross 
negligence or wilful misconduct of the Issuer. Any German trade tax amounts nevertheless to be paid by the 
Issuer to the German tax authorities would reduce the amounts available for payments under the Notes. 
Value Added Tax 
The VAT position of a foreign Issuer in an ABS-transaction with a German originator was not subject to a 
decision of the German fiscal courts yet. If the German tax authorities and the German fiscal courts came to 
the conclusion that the transaction qualifies as a taxable factoring supplied by the Issuer to VWL, the 
difference between the nominal value of the sold receivables and the purchase price would be subject to 
German VAT. The person liable for such German VAT would be VWL unless the Issuer would be treated as 
maintaining its effective place of management and control or a permanent establishment in Germany; please 
refer to the preceding paragraph "Income Tax" for such risk factor. Should the Issuer be treated as maintaining 
its effective place of management and control or a permanent establishment in Germany, the Issuer would 
be the person liable for such German VAT at a VAT rate of 19% calculated on the difference between the 
nominal value of the sold receivables and the purchase price. Any VAT amounts paid by the Issuer to the 
German tax authorities not being recoverable from VWL would reduce the amounts available for payments 
under the Notes. 
Under German VAT law the assignor and assignee of a receivable for German VAT are jointly liable for any 
German VAT not remitted to the German tax authorities unless and to the extent the assignor receives a 
payment in cash for his free disposal as consideration for the assigned receivables. In case of a consideration 
the secondary liability of the assignee would be limited to an amount equal to the VAT component of the 
difference between the nominal value of the assigned receivable and any effectively available amount of cash 
paid to the assignor as consideration. The contractual arrangements foresee precautionary measures which 
should enable the Issuer to settle any secondary liability for German VAT. These arrangements are backed-
up by indemnification obligations by VWL. Any amounts nevertheless to be paid by the Issuer to the German 
tax authorities would reduce the amounts available for payments under the Notes.

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
When dealing with cases with a US connection the regulations of the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
("FATCA") could apply. Under the FATCA regime and the corresponding local regulations in Luxembourg, 
and Germany specific financial and non-financial institutions are required to exchange tax relevant information 
with the US tax authorities. A non-compliance with such reporting obligations can result in a duty to withhold 
30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax on, inter alia, interest and other fixed or determinable annual or periodical 
income of persons or entities taxable in the US. However, if an amount in respect of such withholding tax 
were to be deducted or withheld either from amounts due to the Issuer or from interest, principal or other 
payments made in respect of the Notes, neither the Issuer nor any paying agent nor any other person would, 
pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
deduction or withholding. As a result, investors in the Notes may receive less interest or principal than 
expected. 
ATAD Laws and ATAD 3 Proposal  
The Issuer is liable to Luxembourg corporate income tax on its worldwide net profits. The Luxembourg laws 
of 21 December 2018, which implements the Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of 12 July 2016 laying down 
rules against tax avoidance practices that directly affect the functioning of the internal market (commonly 
known as "ATAD") and the Luxembourg law of 20 December 2019 implementing the Council Directive (EU) 
2017/952 of 29 May 2019 regarding hybrid mismatches with third countries (commonly known as ATAD 2), 
together known as the "ATAD Laws", introduced new tax measures into Luxembourg law, including among 
others a limitation as regards so-called "exceeding borrowing costs" and hybrid mismatch rules. Whilst certain 
exemptions and safe harbor provisions (for example, exceeding borrowing costs up to 3 million euro will 
always remain deductible) exist in relation to the limitation of exceeding borrowing costs, these new rules may 
in certain situations result in the limitation respectively the denial of the deduction of payments to investors 
for Luxembourg tax purposes, which may adversely affect the income tax position of the Issuer and as such 
affect generally its ability to make payments to the holders of the Notes. According to the December 
infringement package published by the European Commission on 2 December 2021, the European 
Commission sent a reasoned opinion to Luxembourg asking it to correctly transpose the ATAD into its local 
laws regarding the treatment of securitisation vehicles subject to and compliant with the Securitisation 
Regulation. Under current Luxembourg law and contrary to the wording of the ATAD, securitisation companies 
covered by the Securitisation Regulation are excluded from the scope of the interest deduction limitation 
rules. The reasoned opinion follows a formal notice sent to Luxembourg on 14 May 2020. In response, 
Luxembourg adopted a bill of law on 9 March 2022 to remove securitisation vehicles subject to and compliant 
with the Securitisation Regulation from the list of financial undertakings that are out of scope of the interest 
deduction limitation rule as from 1 January 2023. Given the absence of ratification of the bill of law so far, the 
European Commission considered Luxembourg's reply to its reasoned opinion as not satisfactory and 
decided, on 14 July 2023, to refer Luxembourg to the ECJ for failing to correctly transpose ATAD. The action 
was brought on 20 February 2024 to the ECJ by the European Commission. The outcome of an ECJ court 
case and/or of the bill of law, and the impacts on the Issuer, if any, as well as whether such outcome/impacts 
ultimately will or will not have a retroactive effect remain uncertain and may as such negatively impact this 
Base Prospectus or alter the tax position of the Issuer.   
In any case, clarifications as regards the ATAD Laws and their interpretation may be enacted after the date 
of this Base Prospectus, possibly with retroactive effect, and could alter the tax position of the Issuer. In 
addition, the Issuer may take positions with respect to certain tax issues resulting from the ATAD Laws which 
may depend on legal conclusions not yet resolved by the courts. Should any such positions be successfully 
challenged by the applicable tax authority, there could be a materially adverse effect on the Issuer and its 
ability to make payments to the holders of the Notes.   
In addition, on 22 December 2021, the Council of the European Union published the proposal for a Council 
Directive laying down rules to prevent the misuse of shell entities for tax purposes and amending Directive 
2011/16/EU (the "ATAD 3 Proposal"). Under the ATAD 3 Proposal, reporting obligations would be imposed 
on certain entities resident in a Member State for tax purposes. If these entities qualify as shell entities, they 
would not be able to access the benefits of the tax treaty network of its Member State nor to qualify for benefits 
under Council Directive 2011/96EU of 30 November 2011, as amended (known as the EU parent-subsidiary 
directive) and/or Council Directive 2003/49/EC of 3 June 2003, as amended (known as the EU interest and 
royalties directive). Furthermore, they would not be entitled to a certificate of tax residence to the extent that 
such certificate serves to obtain any of these benefits. Member States are expected to apply the provisions 
of the ATAD 3 Proposal as from 1 January 2024.

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
 
Securitisation companies covered by and compliant with Article 2 point 2 of the Securitisation Regulation are 
excluded from the scope of the current version of the ATAD 3 Proposal. However, the ATAD 3 Proposal is 
still subject to negotiation and the final text of the ATAD 3 Proposal as well as its implementation into local 
laws remain currently uncertain. Consequently, the possible impacts of the ATAD 3 Proposal on the Issuer 
remain currently unknown. 
Therefore, prospective holders of the Notes should make an investment decision only after careful 
consideration, with its independent advisers, as to the consequences of the ATAD Laws as well as to the 
evolution of the ATAD 3 Proposal and its potential impacts on the Issuer.

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
 
expectancy rights 
trustee 
VW Leasing 
Originator/Servicer 
Lessees 
Noteholder 
Compartment 1 
Notes 
Issuer 
Compartment 1 
Security Trustee 
Relevant 
Expectancy Rights 
Purchaser 
Conditional retransfer 
of title to Leased 
Vehicles creating ER 
Swap 
Counterparties 
Compartment 1 
Notes 
ER Trustee consent 
Lease 
Receivables 
Expectancy Rights 
to Leased Vehicles 
Sharing of Realisation 
Proceeds 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfer of ER to Leased Vehicles, Final Payment 
Receivables and ER Related Collateral 
Transfer of LR + Security title to Leased Vehicles and 
other Lease Collateral 
ER = Expectancy Rights to Leased Vehicles 
LR = Lease Receivables

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
 
LEGAL STRUCTURE OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following paragraphs contain a brief overview of the legal structure of the programme. This overview is 
necessarily incomplete and prospective investors are urged to read the entire Base Prospectus together with 
the relevant Final Terms, carefully for more detailed information. 
The proceeds from the issue of the Notes shall be used to acquire a portfolio of Lease Receivables from 
VWL. VWL may sell and transfer or assign the Expectancy Rights that arise from the conditional retransfer of 
collateral granted for security purposes to the Issuer to any Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser having 
committed to adhere to the sharing of Realisation Proceeds pursuant to clause 18 (Realisation of Leased 
Vehicles and allocation of payments) of the Trust Agreement. 
The programme is structured in a manner which exposes the Noteholders to: 
(a) 
in relation to Purchased Lease Receivables, the credit risk of the underlying Lessees; and 
(b) 
in relation to Purchased Expectancy Rights and to the extent the Purchased Expectancy 
Rights are realised by way of sale of the respective Leased Vehicles in the open market, the 
market risk associated with the realisation of the Leased Vehicles; however, only to the 
extent the Realisation Proceeds serve as security for the Issuer in case of the default of a 
Lessee. Accordingly, the Notes are not backed by residual value receivables. 
To the extent that the Security, or the proceeds of the realisation thereof, and the Issuer’s additional 
free assets, if any, prove ultimately insufficient to satisfy the claims of the Noteholders in full, then 
claims in respect of any shortfall will be extinguished and neither the Noteholders nor the Security 
Trustee will have any further claims against the Issuer. Such assets and proceeds shall be deemed 
to be "ultimately insufficient" at such time when, in the opinion of the Security Trustee, no further 
assets are available and no further proceeds can be realised therefrom to satisfy any outstanding 
claims of the Noteholders, and neither assets nor proceeds will be so available thereafter. 
Inter alia, the following legal relationships are or have been entered into in order to implement the programme: 
Sale of Lease Receivables, Expectancy Rights, Final Payment Receivables and corresponding 
Expectancy Rights Related Collateral 
(a) 
VWL and the Issuer entered into the Receivables Purchase Agreement pursuant to which 
VWL sells Lease Receivables to the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Issuer funds the purchase price for the Lease Receivables by issuing and selling the 
Notes; and 
(c) 
VWL sells and/or assigns Expectancy Rights, Final Payment Receivables and 
corresponding Expectancy Rights Related Collateral to the Relevant Expectancy Rights 
Purchaser. 
During the Revolving Period, VWL has the right to sell and transfer at its option under Additional Receivables 
Purchase Agreements, on each Additional Purchase Date, Additional Lease Receivables to the Issuer. 
The purchase price for the Additional Lease Receivables will be funded by the issue of Further Notes and/or, 
during the Revolving Period, from the Accumulation Account. 
In rem transfers 
(a) 
Under the Initial Receivables Purchase Agreement VWL has assigned and transferred the 
Initial Lease Receivables and title to the Initial Leased Vehicles for security purposes 
(Sicherungsübereignung) to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
Under the Additional Receivables Purchase Agreements VWL has assigned and transferred 
and will assign and transfer, as applicable, the Additional Lease Receivables and title to the 
Additional Leased Vehicles for security purposes (Sicherungsübereignung) to the Issuer.

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
 
Post-funding situation 
The Issuer authorises the Security Trustee to act for the Programme Creditors pursuant to the terms of the 
Trust Agreement. 
The Issuer has entered into the Servicing Agreement with VWL pursuant to which VWL will service the Lease 
Receivables. 
In order to comply with Data Protection Rules, VWL will make an encrypted list (with only the names and 
addresses of the respective Lessees) available to the Issuer and will make the Portfolio Decryption Key for 
the decryption in a secured excel file available to the Data Protection Trustee.

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The aggregate net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes during the Revolving Period and the borrowings 
under the Subordinated Loan has been and will be used to purchase the Lease Receivables from VWL and 
to pay costs related to the issue of the Notes, all as further described for the relevant Series of Notes in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
General Conditions of the Notes 
No obligation of VWL whatsoever will arise from the Notes. 
Denomination 
The issue in the aggregate Nominal Amount of up to EUR 4,000,000,000 consists of transferable Notes with 
a Nominal Amount of EUR 100,000 each, ranking equally among themselves. The Notes rank senior to the 
Subordinated Loan. 
Global Notes 
The Notes of each Series are, each, issued in registered form and represented by a global note (each a 
"Global Note") without coupons. Each Global Note for any Series of Class A Notes shall be deposited with a 
Common Safekeeper for Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and be held in book-entry form only. Each 
Global Note for any Series of Class B Notes shall be deposited with a common depositary for Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and be held in book-entry form only. The interests in the Notes are transferable 
according to applicable rules and regulations of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. None of the Global 
Notes will be exchangeable for definitive notes. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes of a Series of Class A Notes or a Series of Class B Notes 
represented by the relevant Global Note issued with respect to such Series shall be the aggregate amount 
from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which expression means 
the records that each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer's interest in 
the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global 
Notes and, for these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that 
time. On any redemption or payment of an instalment or interest being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by the Global Notes the Issuer shall procure that details of any 
redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global Notes shall 
be entered accordingly in the records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Notes shall 
be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and cancelled or by 
the aggregate amount of such instalment so paid. 
Payments of Principal and Interest 
Payments of principal and interest, if any, on the Notes shall be made by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf 
of the Issuer for further payment to Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear or to its order for credit to the 
relevant account holders of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. All payments in respect of any Note 
made by, or on behalf of, the Issuer, or to the order of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall discharge 
the liability of the Issuer under such Note to the extent of sums so paid.  
The Issuer shall have the right to request, by notice to the holders of any Series of the Notes to be delivered 
in accordance with Condition 12 no later than twenty (20) calendar days prior to the final day of the then 
current Revolving Period applicable to such Series of Notes (each a "Series Revolving Period Expiration 
Date", where the first such date for each Series will be set out in the relevant Final Terms), the extension of 
such current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date together, if relevant, with an amendment to the Margin 
with respect to such extension period and the extension of the relevant Legal Maturity Date for a period 
specified in the notice, which shall be equal to the period specified in such notice for the extension of the 
current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date. The extended relevant Series Revolving Period Expiration 
Date and the new Margin, if any, for the period for which such Series Revolving Period Expiration Date has 
been extended shall become effective only if (A) the Issuer received confirmation from the Rating Agencies 
that the rating of the relevant Series of Notes will not be affected by such amendments, or the Rating Agencies 
have confirmed that the assignment of new ratings are not lower than for the then outstanding Notes before 
the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date was extended, or, as applicable, the Issuer has received a new 
rating confirmation stating the same rating for the Notes as applicable prior to the amendments and (B) a 
Positive Buffer Release Amount exists and (C) by no later than the third Business Day prior to the then current 
Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, the Issuer has confirmed by notice to the holders in the form

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
 
prescribed in Condition 12 that it has received such reaffirmation and that it agrees to the requested 
amendments and (D) that the Issuer has arranged sufficient interest hedging for the amended Series 
Revolving Period Expiration Date.  
The Class A Notes or the Class B Notes of each Series are scheduled to be redeemed in full on the Payment 
Date specified to be the scheduled repayment date for such Series in the relevant Final Terms (each a 
"Scheduled Repayment Date"), provided that whenever with respect to a Series of Class A Notes or the 
Class B Notes the relevant Series Revolving Period Expiration Date is extended, the relevant Scheduled 
Repayment Date shall be extended automatically for the same period as the relevant Series Revolving Period 
Expiration Date applicable to such Series. 
Notwithstanding Condition 8(d), all payments of interest on and principal of each Series of Class A Notes or 
Class B Notes will be due and payable at the latest in full on the respective legal maturity date of such Series 
of Notes as set out in the relevant Final Terms (each a "Legal Maturity Date") provided that whenever with 
respect to a Series of Notes the relevant Series Revolving Period Expiration Date is extended, the relevant 
Legal Maturity Date shall be extended automatically for the same period as the relevant Series Revolving 
Period Expiration Date applicable to such Series. 
On the 25th day of each calendar month or, in the event such day is not a Business Day, on the next following 
Business Day, unless such day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day (the "Payment Date") the Issuer shall, subject to Condition 5(c), pay to 
each Noteholder interest on the principal amount of Notes outstanding immediately prior to the respective 
Payment Date at the relevant Notes Interest Rate, and shall make repayments of the principal amount of 
relevant Notes by paying to the Noteholders of any Amortising Series of Notes the relevant Principal Payment 
Amount. 
The Available Distribution Amount on each Payment Date shall equal the sum of the following amounts: (i) the 
Lease Receivables Collection Amount, inclusive, for avoidance of doubt, the Monthly Collateral (after any 
relevant netting); plus (ii) any interest accrued on the Accumulation Account and the Distribution Account; 
plus (iii) any Net Swap Receipts under the Swap Agreements and any other amounts included in the Available 
Distribution Amount pursuant to clause 21 (Distribution Account, Accumulation Account, swap provisions) of 
the Trust Agreement; plus (iv) payments from the Cash Collateral Account as provided for in clause 23.4 
(Cash Collateral Account, Accumulation Account) of the Trust Agreement; plus (v) payments from any 
Relevant Distribution Account made on the immediately preceding Payment Date; plus (vi) any repurchase 
price received from VWL pursuant to clause 6.5(c) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement; plus (vii) the 
amounts standing to the credit of the Accumulation Account after the preceding Payment Date; plus (viii) any 
amount from the preceding Payment Date which remained as a surplus due to the rounding under the Notes 
in accordance with Condition 9(b); plus (x) any amount to be debited from the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger 
on such Payment Date subject to and in accordance with the relevant mechanics of the Buffer Release 
Reserve Ledger; plus (xi) any Negative Buffer Release Amount, until a Reserve Trigger Event has occurred 
and the Buffer Release Reserve has been funded; but less (xii) any Positive Buffer Release Amount, provided 
that no Credit Enhancement Increase Condition is in effect. For the avoidance of doubt if a Credit 
Enhancement Increase Condition is in effect, the Positive Buffer Release Amount will remain forming part of 
the Available Distribution Amount as part of the Lease Receivables Collection Amount under limb (a). 
The Issuer is only obliged to make any payments to the Noteholders if it has first received such amounts to 
freely dispose of them. It is understood that interest and principal on the Notes will not be due on any Payment 
Date except to the extent there are sufficient funds in the respective Available Distribution Amount to pay 
such amounts in accordance with the Order of Priority. All payment obligations of the Issuer are limited 
recourse and constitute solely obligations of the Issuer to distribute amounts out of the respective Available 
Distribution Amount according to the Order of Priority.  
Amortisation Amounts 
On each Payment Date, to the extent the Available Distribution Amount is sufficient and in accordance with 
the applicable Order of Priority of distributions set forth below, the Issuer will pay to the holders of the 
Amortising Series of Class A Notes or Class B Notes an aggregate amount in respect of principal equal to 
the Amortisation Amount of the respective Series of Notes. The respective Amortisation Amount is the amount 
necessary to reduce the outstanding principal amount of the respective Series of Notes to the Class A 
Targeted Note Balance and the Class B Targeted Note Balance, as applicable. Prior to an Enforcement Event, 
the respective Amortisation Amount is intended to reduce the aggregate outstanding principal amounts of the

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
 
Amortising Series of Notes to amounts which would leave an amount of overcollateralisation constant as a 
percentage of the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance, subject to certain specified increases in those 
percentages in case a Credit Enhancement Increase Condition is in effect.  
Order of Priority of Distributions 
In respect of the Notes, distributions will be made on each Payment Date from the Available Distribution 
Amount according to the following Order of Priority: 
(a) 
on each Payment Date prior to the occurrence of an Enforcement Event: 
first, in or towards payment of amounts due and payable in respect of taxes (if any) by the 
Issuer and allocated to the Issuer’s Compartment 1; 
second, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts (excluding any 
payments under the Trustee Claims) due and payable and allocated to the Issuer’s 
Compartment 1 (i) to the Security Trustee under the Trust Agreement and (ii) pari passu to 
any successor of the Security Trustee (if applicable) appointed pursuant to clause 31 
(Termination by the Security Trustee for good cause) and clause 32 (Replacement of the 
Security Trustee) of the Trust Agreement or under any agreement replacing the Trust 
Agreement; 
third, in or towards payment of the Servicer Fee to the Servicer; 
fourth, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts due and payable and 
allocated to the Issuer’s Compartment 1 (i) to the Corporate Services Provider under the 
Corporate Services Agreement, (ii) to the Data Protection Trustee under the Data Protection 
Trust Agreement; (iii) to the Rating Agencies the fees for the monitoring, and (iv) to the 
Process Agent and the English Process Agent under the process agency agreements; 
fifth, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts due and payable and 
allocated to the Issuer’s Compartment 1 (i) to the directors of the Issuer and (ii) in respect of 
other administration costs and expenses of the Issuer including without limitation, any costs 
relating to the listing of the Notes, or amounts due and payable to the paying agents, any 
auditors’ fees, any tax filing fees and any annual return which are to be allocated to 
Compartment 1; 
sixth, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts due and payable and 
allocated to the Account Bank maintaining the Accounts for account management fees and 
amounts payable to the Cash Administrator for cash administration fees due under the 
Account Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Interest Determination 
Agent and the Calculation Agent under the Agency Agreement, to the Custodian of any 
amounts due to it from the Issuer under the Custody Agreement and a Note Purchaser under 
the Programme Agreement; 
seventh, pari passu and rateably as to each other on all series of Notes of amounts due and 
payable by the Issuer to each Swap Counterparty in respect of any Net Swap Payments or 
any Swap Termination Payments under a Swap Agreement (if any and provided that a Swap 
Counterparty under the respective Swap Agreement is not a defaulting party (as defined in 
the respective Swap Agreement) and there has been no termination of the transaction under 
such Swap Agreement due to a termination event relating to the respective Swap 
Counterparty’s downgrade); 
eighth, pari passu and rateably to each other of amounts due and payable in respect of (a) 
interest accrued on the Class A Notes during the immediately preceding Interest Accrual 
Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and rateably as to each other on all 
series of Class A Notes; 
ninth, pari passu and rateably to each other of amounts due and payable in respect of (a) 
interest accrued on the Class B Notes during the immediately preceding Interest Accrual

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
 
Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and rateably as to each other on all 
series of Class B Notes; 
tenth, in or towards payment to the Cash Collateral Account, until the General Cash 
Collateral Amount is equal to the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance; 
eleventh, pari passu and rateably, in or towards payment of (a) the Amortisation Amounts to 
each Amortising Series of Class A Notes and (b) an amount equal to the Class A 
Accumulation Amount to the Accumulation Account maintained for Non-Amortising Series 
of Notes; 
twelfth, pari passu and rateably, in or towards payment of (a) the Amortisation Amounts to 
each Amortising Series of Class B Notes and (b) an amount equal to the Class B 
Accumulation Amount to the Accumulation Account maintained for Non-Amortising Series 
of Notes; 
thirteenth, pari passu and rateably as to each other in or towards payment to each Swap 
Counterparty of any payments due under the respective Swap Agreements other than those 
made under item seventh above, if any; 
fourteenth, upon the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to VWL, all remaining 
excess shall be transferred pro rata and pari passu to any Relevant Distribution Account 
until all Expectancy Rights Purchaser Notes relating to such Relevant Distribution Account 
are redeemed in full; 
fifteenth, pari passu and rateably as to each other in or towards payment to amounts due 
and payable in respect of (a) interest accrued during the immediately preceding Interest 
Accrual Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) on the Subordinated Loan; 
sixteenth, towards payment to the Subordinated Lender to reduce the outstanding principal 
amount of the Subordinated Loan; and 
seventeenth, to pay all remaining excess to VWL by way of a final success fee. 
(b) 
Distribution will be made from the Cash Collateral Account on any Payment Date prior to the 
occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, if and to the extent the General Cash Collateral Amount 
exceeds the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance and no Credit 
Enhancement Increase Condition is in effect, according to the following Order of Priority, 
provided that for any Payment Date on which a Term Takeout takes place, the Specified 
General Cash Collateral Account Balance shall be calculated using the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes following the redemption of the Notes that occurs 
on such Payment Date as a result of such Term Takeout: 
first, to the Subordinated Lender, amounts payable in respect of accrued and unpaid interest 
on the Subordinated Loan (including, without limitation, overdue interest);  
second, to the Subordinated Lender an amount necessary to reduce the outstanding 
principal amount of the Subordinated Loan; and 
third, all remaining excess to VWL by way of a final success fee. 
(c) 
Following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, distributions will be made by the Security 
Trustee from the Available Distribution Amount and from any amounts standing to the credit 
of the Cash Collateral Account, and according to the following Order of Priority: 
first, amounts due and payable in respect of taxes (if any) by the Issuer and allocated to the 
Issuer’s Compartment 1; 
second, amounts (excluding any payments under the Trustee Claim) due and payable and 
allocated to the Issuer’s Compartment 1 (i) to the Security Trustee under the Trust 
Agreement and (ii) pari passu to any successor of the Security Trustee (if applicable) 
appointed pursuant to clause 31 (Termination by the Security Trustee for good cause) and

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
 
clause 32 (Replacement of the Security Trustee) of the Trust Agreement or under any 
agreement replacing the Trust Agreement; 
third, in or towards payment of the Servicer Fee to the Servicer; 
fourth, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts due and payable and 
allocated to the Issuer’s Compartment 1 (i) to the Corporate Services Provider under the 
Corporate Services Agreement, (ii) to the Data Protection Trustee under the Data Protection 
Trust Agreement; (iii) to the Rating Agencies the fees for the monitoring, and (iv) to the 
Process Agent and the English Process Agent under the process agency agreements; 
fifth, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts due and payable and 
allocated to the Issuer’s Compartment 1 (i) to the directors of the Issuer and (ii) in respect of 
other administration costs and expenses of the Issuer including without limitation, any costs 
relating to the listing of the Notes, or any amounts due and payable to the paying agents, 
any auditors’ fees, any tax filing fees and any annual return which are to be allocated to 
Compartment 1; 
sixth, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts due and payable and 
allocated to the Account Bank maintaining the Accounts for account management fees and 
amounts payable to the Cash Administrator for cash administration fees due under the 
Account Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Interest Determination 
Agent and the Calculation Agent under the Agency Agreement, to the Custodian of any 
amounts due to it from the Issuer under the Custody Agreement and a Note Purchaser under 
the Programme Agreement; 
seventh, pari passu and rateably as to each other on all series of Notes amounts due and 
payable by the Issuer to each Swap Counterparty in respect of any Net Swap Payments or 
any Swap Termination Payments under a Swap Agreement (if any and provided that a Swap 
Counterparty under the respective Swap Agreement is not a defaulting party (as defined in 
the respective Swap Agreement) and there has been no termination of the transaction under 
such Swap Agreement due to a termination event relating to the respective Swap 
Counterparty’s downgrade); 
eighth, pari passu and rateably to each other towards payment of amounts due and payable 
in respect of (a) interest accrued on the Class A Notes during the immediately preceding 
Interest Accrual Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and rateably as to each 
other on all series of Class A Notes; 
ninth, pari passu and rateably to the holders of Class A Notes in respect of principal until the 
Class A Notes are redeemed in full; 
tenth, pari passu and rateably to each other towards payment of amounts due and payable 
in respect of (a) interest accrued on the Class B Notes during the immediately preceding 
Interest Accrual Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and rateably as to each 
other on all series of Class B Notes; 
eleventh, pari passu and rateably to the holders of Class B Notes in respect of principal until 
the Class B Notes are redeemed in full; 
twelfth, pari passu and rateably as to each other in or towards payment to each Swap 
Counterparty of any payments due under the respective Swap Agreements other than those 
made under item seventh above, if any; 
thirteenth, upon the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to VWL, all remaining 
excess shall be transferred pro rata and pari passu to any Relevant Distribution Account 
until all Expectancy Rights Purchaser Notes relating to such Relevant Distribution Account 
are redeemed in full;

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
 
fourteenth, towards payment of amounts due and payable in respect of (a) interest accrued 
during the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) 
on the Subordinated Loan; 
fifteenth, to the Subordinated Lender until the Subordinated Loan has been redeemed in full; 
and 
sixteenth, to pay all remaining excess to VWL by way of a final success fee. 
However, (i) any proceeds arising from a Term Takeout shall not be distributed according to the 
above Order of Priority but shall be distributed  
first to the then outstanding Class A Notes, until the Redeemable Amount of all then 
outstanding Class A Notes has been redeemed in full; 
second to the then outstanding Class B Notes, until the Redeemable Amount of all then 
outstanding Class B Notes has been redeemed in full; 
third to the Subordinated Loan; and 
fourth to VWL by way of an additional success fee 
and (ii) amounts distributed to a specific Series of Class A Notes or a specific Series of Class B Notes 
exceeding the amount required to redeem such Series in full shall be distributed to the other Series 
of Class A Notes and the other Series of Class B Notes, respectively, whereas in case of Non-
Amortising Series of Notes, any redemption payments shall be made in a way to redeem a certain 
number of Notes in their principal amount of Euro 100,000. 
Cash Collateral Account 
On each Payment Date which is also an Issue Date, VWL will fund an increase of the Cash Collateral Account 
with an amount equal to the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance. The Issuer will deposit such 
funds in the Cash Collateral Account at the Account Bank and has agreed to keep these accounts at all times 
with a bank that has the Account Bank Required Ratings. In the event that the Cash Collateral Account Bank 
ceases to have the Account Bank Required Ratings, the Issuer shall within sixty (60) calendar days procure 
transfer of the accounts held with it to an Eligible Collateral Bank which shall be appointed by the Issuer within 
the sixty (60) calendar day period referred to above (and the Issuer undertakes to the Security Trustee to take 
such action) and notified to it by the Issuer.  
Prior to the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, on each Payment Date, after the payment of interest on the 
Notes and certain other amounts payable by the Issuer, any remaining portion of the Available Distribution 
Amount will be deposited in the respective Cash Collateral Account until the General Cash Collateral Amount 
on deposit in the Cash Collateral Account equals the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance. 
The Cash Collateral Account will contain a Buffer Release Reserve Ledger in which the Buffer Release 
Reserve will be administered. The purpose of the Buffer Release Reserve is to ensure that the Issuer will 
continue to be able to make any payments pursuant to items first to ninth of the Order of Priority, as set out 
in clause 22.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement, if and to the extent the Available Distribution 
Amount is not sufficient to cover payments to be made pursuant to items first to ninth of the Order of Priority, 
as set out in clause 22.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement, on any Payment Date. 
Prior to the service of an Enforcement Notice, an amount equal to any negative difference between the 
Available Distribution Amount (not taking into account items (i) and (j) of the definition of Available Distribution 
Amount) and the aggregate payments to be made pursuant to items first to ninth of the Order of Priority, as 
set out in clause 22.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement, if and to the extent paid by the Seller or 
standing to the credit of the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger, will form part of the Available Distribution Amount 
and will, subject to and in accordance with the relevant Order of Priority, be applied towards payment of items 
first to ninth of the Order of Priority, as set out in clause 22.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
For the sake of clarification, if and to the extent the Buffer Release Reserve has been funded, amounts 
standing to the credit of the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger shall be used to cover any shortfalls in the 
amounts payable under the first to ninth items (inclusive) of the Order of Priority prior to the use of the Cash 
Collateral Amount. Following the service of an Enforcement Notice, distributions will be made by the Security

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
 
Trustee from the Available Distribution Amount and from any amounts standing to the credit of the Cash 
Collateral Account, and according to the applicable Order of Priority.  
On each Payment Date amounts payable under item tenth of the Order of Priority according to clause 22.2(a) 
of the Trust Agreement will be paid until the amount of funds in the Cash Collateral Account is equal to the 
Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance. On each Payment Date after the amounts standing to 
the credit of the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger have either been reduced to zero or no funding of the Buffer 
Release Reserve or no payment of the Negative Buffer Release Amount has been made so far, the General 
Cash Collateral Amount shall be used (a) to cover any shortfalls in the amounts payable under items first 
through ninth of the Order of Priority in clauses 22.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement, (b) to make 
payment of the amounts due and payable under clause 22.2(b) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement and 
(c) on the earlier of (i) the latest occurring Legal Maturity Date of any Series of Notes or (ii) the date on which 
the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance has been reduced to zero, to make payment of the amounts 
due and payable under items eleventh, twelfth, fifteenth and sixteenth of the Order of Priority set out in clause 
22.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
On each Payment Date, any amount of the General Cash Collateral Amount in excess of the Specified 
General Cash Collateral Account Balance for that Payment Date, provided that no Credit Enhancement 
Increase Condition is in effect, will be released for payment to the Subordinated Lender of the Subordinated 
Loan (until all amounts payable in respect of accrued and unpaid interest have been made and the principal 
of the Subordinated Loan has been reduced to zero) and thereafter to VWL as provided for under the terms 
of the Trust Agreement provided that for such purposes, on any Payment Date on which a Term Take Out 
takes place, the relevant Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance will be calculated using the 
aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes following the redemption of the Notes that occurs on the 
respective Payment Date as a result of such Term Take Out. 
If on any Payment Date prior to the service of an Enforcement Notice, the balance deposited on the Buffer 
Release Reserve Ledger exceeds the actual Required Buffer Release Reserve Amount, such excess shall 
be repaid directly to the Seller (whereby such excess shall not form part of the Available Distribution Amount). 
Duties of the Issuer 
In addition to its obligation to make payments to the Noteholders as set out in the Conditions of the Notes, 
the Issuer undertakes to hold, administer and collect or realise in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes, 
the Purchased Lease Receivables (including damage claims in case of default of the respective Lessee) and 
ancillary rights arising from Lease Contracts which VWL has concluded with private individual and commercial 
Lessees, claims against the insurer pursuant to loss insurance policies covering the respective Leased 
Vehicles, damage claims arising from a breach of contract or in tort against the respective Lessee, in particular 
claims to lump-sum damages in case of default of the respective Lessee as well as any interest due and 
claims against third parties due to damage or loss of the Leased Vehicles, any claims arising from the 
acceptance by a third party to purchase the respective Leased Vehicles upon the expiration of the Lease 
Contract and the right to require VWL to repurchase the Lease Receivables and Expectancy Rights 
purchased by the Issuer under the Receivables Purchase Agreement and further described below under 
"DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO", the General Cash Collateral Amounts, the rights arising from the 
Swap Agreements and the Security, as well as any further rights arising from the Receivables Purchase 
Agreement, particularly the right to payment of the Settlement Amount. 
Duties of VWL 
VWL shall deliver to the Issuer at all times upon demand and to the extent available to VWL the following 
documents insofar as such documents are required for the assertion of the rights transferred herein: 
• 
the certificates of receipt signed by the Lessee concerning the acceptance of the Leased Vehicles; 
• 
the documents concerning the execution of the Lease Contract; 
• 
the respective original vehicle registration certificate (Kraftfahrzeugbrief or Zulassungs-
bescheinigung Teil II); 
• 
to the extent that VWL is entitled to a disclosure, any information concerning the Lessee, especially 
regarding financial standing, which is available to VWL;

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
 
• 
proof of VWL’s unrestricted title to the Leased Vehicles through presentation of the invoice with the 
provision for passage of title and the proof of payment; and 
any further information or documents which are of substantial importance to the Lease Contracts, 
including, for instance, the commitment of a third party to acquire the Leased Vehicles upon the 
expiration of the respective Lease Contract. 
In accordance with the Data Protection Trust Agreement, VWL, promptly after the execution of the 
Receivables Purchase Agreement is obliged to make the Portfolio Decryption Key (which is for the decryption 
of the encrypted list of the names and addresses of the respective Lessees for each contract number relating 
to a Lease Contract) available to the Data Protection Trustee. The Issuer is obliged to keep confidential all 
information about the Lessees and the business of VWL obtained in connection with the execution of 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. The foregoing shall not apply (i) to information which is generally known 
or becomes generally known without the Issuer being responsible for such disclosure, (ii) to information the 
disclosure of which VWL has expressly or tacitly permitted, (iii) if the Issuer is legally obliged to disclose 
information, and (iv) if the disclosure of information by the Issuer is necessary for asserting rights arising from 
the Notes or the agreements concluded in connection with the issue of the Notes. 
Realisation of Security 
Upon the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, the Security Trustee is authorised and obliged to adequately 
realise the ownership interest given in the form of a directly enforceable security interest in the Leased 
Vehicles by selling the Leased Vehicles or having the Leased Vehicles sold by third parties commissioned by 
the Security Trustee. The proceeds of realisation thus gained shall be allocated as provided in clause 18 
(Foreclosure of Security, Foreclosure Event) of the Trust Agreement. 
Clean-Up Call 
After expiration of the Revolving Period, VWL will have the right at its option to exercise the Clean-Up Call 
and to repurchase the Purchased Lease Receivables allocated to the Purchaser on any Payment Date when 
the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance on a Payment Date is less than ten (10) per cent. of the 
Maximum Discounted Receivables Balance, provided that all payment obligations under the Notes will be 
thereby fulfilled.  
Principal Paying Agent, Registrar 
The Issuer will make payments to the Noteholders through the Principal Paying Agent. Payments shall be 
made from the accounts of the Issuer with The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch, as Account Bank 
without having to execute an affidavit or fulfil any formalities other than the compliance with tax, currency 
exchange or other regulations of the country where the distribution takes place. The Bank of New York Mellon, 
Frankfurt Branch, is an independent credit institution and is not affiliated to VWL or the Issuer and may be 
substituted as provided for in Condition 9(j) of the Conditions of the Notes. 
The Issuer has appointed HSBC Bank plc as Registrar to keep the Register. HSBC Bank plc is an independent 
credit institution and is not affiliated to VWL or the Issuer and may be substituted as provided for in Condition 
9(j) of the Conditions of the Notes. 
Security, Security Trustee, Expectancy Rights Trustee and Enforcement 
For the benefit of the Programme Creditors, the Issuer has appointed the Security Trustee pursuant to the 
Trust Agreement. 
The Issuer has assigned or transferred, as applicable, to the Security Trustee the Purchased Lease 
Receivables and the related Lease Collateral, all its claims and other rights arising from the Programme 
Documents (including the rights to unilaterally alter the legal relationship (unselbständige Gestaltungsrechte) 
and from all present and future contracts the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the 
Notes, the Subordinated Loan, the Swap Agreements, or the Purchased Lease Receivables and Lease 
Collateral), and all transferable claims (i) in respect of the Accounts of the Issuer opened pursuant to the 
Account Agreement and (ii) in respect of all bank accounts which will be opened under the Trust Agreement 
in the name of the Issuer in the future.

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
 
As part of the Lease Collateral, the Issuer has transferred the title to the Leased Vehicles for security purposes 
(Sicherungseigentum) to the Security Trustee under the Trust Agreement (collectively the "Security"). The 
Security Trustee has agreed to realise the ownership in the Leased Vehicles for security purposes 
(Sicherungseigentum) or have the ownership for security purposes (Sicherungseigentum) realised and to 
distribute the proceeds from such realisation in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Agreement. 
The transfer of title to the Additional Leased Vehicles pursuant to clause 5.3 (Assignment and Transfer of 
Purchased Additional Lease Receivables and security title to the Additional Leased Vehicles) of the 
Receivables Purchase Agreement is solely made for purpose of securing all of the Purchaser’s current and 
future claims against VWL arising from the relevant Additional Receivables Purchase Agreement and the 
Servicing Agreement, including all future damage claims pursuant to section 280(1) in connection with section 
280(3) (Schadensersatz statt der Leistung) of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) and 
including all claims arising out of a withdrawal from the relevant Additional Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
The transfer of title to the Additional Leased Vehicles for security purposes is subject to the resolutory 
condition (auflösende Bedingung) of the earlier of (i) satisfaction of all of the Purchaser’s current and future 
claims against VWL arising from the relevant Additional Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Servicing 
Agreement, including all future damage claims pursuant to section 280(1) in connection with section 280(3) 
(Schadensersatz statt der Leistung) of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) and including all 
claims arising out of a withdrawal from the relevant Additional Receivables Purchase Agreement, or (ii) the 
occurrence of a Lease Contract Termination Event. The parties hereto agree that the transfer of title to the 
Additional Leased Vehicles shall not affect the expectancy rights to such Leased Vehicles transferred by VWL 
to the Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser (section 161 (2) of the German Civil Code). 
VWL will assign and transfer, as applicable, Expectancy Rights, the Final Payment Receivables and 
corresponding Expectancy Rights Related Collateral in relation to the Leased Vehicles relating to Purchased 
Lease Receivables to any Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser (subject to compliance with clause 9.3 
(Representations of the Issuer and VWL) of the Trust Agreement). 
The Issuer will also assign its rights, title and interest in the Swap Agreements by way of security in favour of 
the Security Trustee, pursuant to the Security Assignment Deed. 
The Trust Agreement establishes the right and duty of the Security Trustee – to the extent necessary – to 
hold (with respect to the rights and claims assigned or transferred to the Security Trustee for security purposes 
and with the exemption of rights and claims assigned or transferred to the Expectancy Rights Trustee or any 
Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser), administer or realise the Security for the benefit of the Programme 
Creditors (where such realisation occurs with the consent of the Expectancy Rights Trustee holding such 
Expectancy Rights or any other Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser, as applicable) and to perform only 
those other duties which are necessarily incidental thereto. The Programme Creditors are entitled, subject to 
the provisions of clauses 17 (Foreclosure on the Security, Foreclosure Event) through 20 (Continuing duties) 
of the Trust Agreement, to demand from the Security Trustee the fulfilment of its duties as specified under 
the Conditions of the Notes. The Security Trustee is not obliged to monitor the fulfilment of the duties of the 
Issuer under the Notes, the Conditions of the Notes, the Subordinated Loan or any other Programme 
Documents to which the Issuer is a party. All rights of the Noteholders shall remain at all times and under all 
circumstances vested in the Noteholders.  
The Security can be realised pursuant to clause 17 (Foreclosure on the Security, Foreclosure Event) of the 
Trust Agreement if (i) an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Issuer; (ii) the Issuer does not pay 
interest on the most senior Class of Notes then outstanding on any relevant Payment Date and such failure 
to pay continues for a period of five (5) Business Days; or (iii) the Issuer defaults in the payment of principal 
of any Note on the respective Legal Maturity Date. Amounts generally will not be due and payable on any 
Payment Date except to the extent there are sufficient funds in the respective Available Distribution Amount 
to pay such amounts in accordance with the Order of Priority. 
VWL shall undertake all steps necessary to protect the Security Trustee’s security interest in the Lease 
Collateral and to hold the Leased Vehicles free from attachments or secured rights of third parties. 
Servicer 
Subject to revocation by the Issuer after a Servicer Replacement Event, VWL is commissioned pursuant to 
the Servicing Agreement as Servicer to collect the Purchased Lease Receivables and to realise the Leased 
Vehicles in accordance with the Servicer’s customary practices in effect from time to time using the same

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
 
degree of skill and attention that the Servicer exercises with respect to comparable vehicle lease contracts 
that the Servicer services, collects or realises for itself or others. 
The Servicer has also been empowered to administer the Cash Collateral Account and the Security for and 
on behalf of the Issuer. The Servicer has undertaken to transfer to the Distribution Account maintained by the 
Issuer with the Account Bank amounts received from Purchased Lease Receivables collected, drawn from 
the Cash Collateral Account or realised from the Leased Vehicles, as the case may be. 
Subject to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, if: 
(a) 
the Monthly Remittance Condition is not satisfied, VWL shall for the first time advance the Monthly 
Collateral in respect of the month in which the Monthly Collateral Start Date falls plus, if the advance 
payment has to be made prior to the Payment Date falling in such month in which the Monthly 
Collateral Start Date occurs, the Monthly Collateral in respect of the month prior to such month in 
which the Monthly Collateral Start Date falls to the Distribution Account; and 
(b) 
for any subsequent month in which the Monthly Remittance Condition continues to not be satisfied, 
VWL shall advance the Monthly Collateral to the Distribution Account on any Monthly Collateral 
Payment Date to be retained until the Payment Date relating to such month. 
Irrespective of its obligation to advance the Monthly Collateral VWL will still remain being obliged to transfer 
Collections to the Distribution Account in accordance with the provisions of the Servicing Agreement. 
However, at any time when either (a) the Monthly Remittance Condition is satisfied or (b) the Monthly 
Remittance Condition is not satisfied but VWL as Servicer has complied with its obligation to remit the Monthly 
Collateral to the Distribution Account, VWL is entitled to hold, use and invest at its own risk the amounts 
collected under the Purchased Lease Receivables and other amounts collected by it during each Monthly 
Period without segregating such funds from its other funds, and VWL will be required to make a single transfer 
of Collections and other amounts collected by it to the Distribution Account on the following Payment Date. 
Otherwise, Collections and other amounts collected by it will be required to be remitted by it to the Distribution 
Account on the first Business Day after receipt of such amounts. 
Following a breach of the Monthly Remittance Condition, the Monthly Servicer Report will show for each 
Monthly Period whether the Monthly Collateral which has been transferred by VWL for the relevant Monthly 
Period exceeds the collections on the Purchased Lease Receivables and other amounts collected by it for 
such Monthly Period or whether the collections on the Purchased Lease Receivables and other amounts 
collected by it for the relevant Monthly Period exceed the Monthly Collateral for such Monthly Period. 
On any Payment Date VWL's obligation to pay such collections on the Purchased Lease Receivables and 
other amounts received by VWL for the relevant Monthly Period into the Distribution Account will be netted 
with its claim for repayment of the Monthly Collateral for such Monthly Period and such Monthly Collateral 
(after netting) will form part of the Available Distribution Amount on such Payment Date. If for such Monthly 
Period the Monthly Servicer Report shows (a) that the Monthly Collateral which has been transferred by VWL 
for the relevant Monthly Period on the respective Monthly Collateral Payment Date exceeds the collections 
on the Purchased Lease Receivables and other amounts received by VWL for such Monthly Period, such 
excess shall be released to VWL outside the Order of Priority on the relevant Payment Date or (b) that the 
collections on the Purchased Lease Receivables and other amounts received by VWL for such Monthly Period 
exceed the Monthly Collateral which has been transferred by VWL for the relevant Monthly Period on the 
respective Monthly Collateral Payment Date, an amount equal to such excess shall be paid into the 
Distribution Account by VWL on the relevant Payment Date. 
When the Monthly Remittance Condition is satisfied again, any Monthly Collateral standing to the credit of 
the Distribution Account shall be released to the Servicer outside the Order of Priority on the next Payment 
Date following such satisfaction. 
Information as to the present leasing business procedures of VWL are described in "BUSINESS 
PROCEDURES OF VOLKSWAGEN LEASING GMBH" and "ADMINISTRATION OF THE PURCHASED 
LEASE RECEIVABLES THE SERVICING AGREEMENT", however, VWL will be permitted to change those 
business procedures from time to time in its discretion.

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
 
The Servicer is permitted to delegate any or all of its duties to other entities, including its affiliates and 
subsidiaries, although the Servicer will remain liable for the performance of any duties that it delegates to 
another entity.  
The Servicer will be entitled to receive the Servicer Fee on each Payment Date for the preceding Monthly 
Period. The Servicer shall charge the Servicer Fee on the basis of the Aggregate Discounted Receivables 
Balance for such Payment Date. The Servicer Fee for any Payment Date will be an amount equal to the 
product of (1) one-twelfth, (2) 1.0 per cent. per annum and (3) sum of the Aggregate Discounted Lease 
Balance for the related Monthly Period, charged to the Issuer. As additional compensation, the Servicer will 
be entitled to retain all late fees, fees for cheques with insufficient funds or other administrative fees. The 
Servicer will pay all expenses incurred by it in connection with its collection activities and will not be entitled 
to reimbursement of those expenses except for auction, painting, repair or refurbishment expenses and 
similar expenses with respect to the Leased Vehicles, i.e. such costs will be deducted from the enforcement 
or sale proceeds. The Servicer will have no responsibility, however, to pay any credit losses with respect to 
the Purchased Lease Receivables. 
Dismissal and Replacement of the Servicer 
After a Servicer Replacement Event, the Issuer is entitled to dismiss the Servicer. 
Replacement of Issuer 
Subject to certain preconditions the Issuer is entitled to appoint another company (the "New Issuer") in place 
of itself as debtor for all obligations arising from and in connection with the Notes. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders will be validly given if transmitted individually to the address set out in the Register 
for such Noteholder. 
As long as a Global Note is registered in the name of the Registered Holder notices to each respective 
Noteholder may be validly given if transmitted to Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg for further 
communication to the persons shown as holders of the Notes in their records. Any notice so given shall be 
deemed to have been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was 
given to Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg. 
In addition, as long as the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules 
of such exchange so require, all notices to the Noteholders regarding the Notes shall be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Any notice referred to above shall be deemed 
to have been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Should an official listing be absent, 
then such notices shall be published in the German Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger). 
Applicable Law, Place of Performance and Place of Jurisdiction 
The form and content of the Notes and all of the rights and obligations of the Noteholders, the Issuer, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and the Servicer under the Notes shall be subject in all respects to the 
laws of Germany. 
Place of performance and venue is Frankfurt am Main. 
For any litigation in connection with the Conditions of the Notes, which will be initiated against the Issuer in a 
court of Germany, the Issuer has appointed Intertrust (Deutschland) GmbH, Eschersheimer Landstraße 14, 
60322 Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany, to accept service of process. 
Claims arising from the Notes including claims for payment of interest and principal shall be prescribed in 
accordance with general prescription rules under German law, i.e. either (i) upon the expiry of three years 
after the end of the year in which the respective claim has come into existence and in which the creditor of 
such claim had knowledge of such claim (or did not have such knowledge due to its own gross negligence) 
or (ii) in any event upon the expiry of ten years.

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
 
ACCOUNT BANK AND CASH ADMINISTRATOR 
This description of Account Bank and Cash Administrator does not purport to be a summary of, and is 
therefore subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the detailed provisions of the Account 
Agreement and the other Programme Documents. 
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON   
The Bank of New York Mellon, a wholly owned subsidiary of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation, is 
incorporated, with limited liability by Charter, under the Laws of the State of New York by special act of the 
New York State Legislature, Chapter 616 of the Laws of 1871, with its Head Office situate at 240 Greenwich 
Street, New York, NY 10286, USA and having a Frankfurt branch registered in Germany with its principal 
office situated at MesseTurm, Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 49, 60327 Frankfurt am Main.  
The Bank of New York Mellon’s corporate trust business services USD 12 trillion in outstanding debt from 55 
locations around the world. It services all major debt categories, including corporate and municipal debt, 
mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, collateralized debt obligations, derivative securities and 
international debt offerings. The Bank of New York Mellon’s corporate trust and agency services are delivered 
through The Bank of New York Mellon and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. 
The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation is a global financial services company focused on helping clients 
manage and service their financial assets, operating in 35 countries and serving more than 100 markets. The 
company is a leading provider of financial services for institutions, corporations and high-net-worth individuals, 
providing superior asset management and wealth management, asset servicing, issuer services, clearing 
services and treasury services through a worldwide client-focused team. It has more than USD 26 trillion in 
assets under custody and administration and more than USD 1.4 trillion in assets under management. 
Additional information is available at bnymellon.com. 
To the best knowledge and belief of the Issuer, the above information about the Account Bank and the Cash 
Administrator has been accurately reproduced. The Issuer is able to ascertain from such information 
published by the Account Bank and the Cash Administrator that no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
 
CALCULATION AGENT AND REGISTRAR 
This description of the Calculation Agent and Registrar does not purport to be a summary of, and is therefore 
subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement and 
the other Programme Documents. 
HSBC Bank plc and its subsidiaries form a group providing a range of banking products and services. 
HSBC Bank plc (formerly Midland Bank plc) was formed in England in 1836 and subsequently incorporated 
as a company limited by shares in 1880.  In 1923, the company adopted the name Midland Bank Limited, 
which it held until 1982 when it re-registered as a public limited company and changed its name to Midland 
Bank plc.  In 1992, Midland Bank plc became a wholly owned subsidiary undertaking of HSBC Holdings plc, 
whose Group Head Office is at 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ.  HSBC Bank plc adopted its current 
name, changing from Midland Bank plc, in 1999. 
HSBC Holdings plc, the parent company of the HSBC Group, is headquartered in London. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the Group serves customers worldwide across 64 countries and territories. With assets 
of $2,984bn at 31 December 2020, HSBC is one of the world’s largest banking and financial services 
organisations.  
The short term senior unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of HSBC Bank `plc are, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, rated P-1 by Moody's and A-1 by Standard & Poor's and HSBC Bank plc has a short term 
issuer default rating of F1+ from Fitch.  The long term senior unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of 
HSBC Bank plc are rated A1 by Moody's and A+ by Standard & Poor's and HSBC Bank plc has a long term 
issuer default rating of AA- from Fitch. 
HSBC Bank plc is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct 
Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.  HSBC Bank plc's principal place of business in the United 
Kingdom is 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ.To the best knowledge and belief of the Issuer, the above 
information about the Calculation Agent and the Registrar has been accurately reproduced. The Issuer is able 
to ascertain from such information published by the Calculation Agent and the Registrar that no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. HSBC Bank plc is not 
affiliated to the Seller.

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
 
SWAP AGREEMENTS AND SWAP COUNTERPARTY 
This description of the Swap Counterparty does not purport to be an abstract of, and is therefore subject to, 
and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the detailed provisions of the Swap Agreements and the other 
Transaction Documents. 
ING Bank N.V. is a public limited company (naamloze vennootschap) incorporated under the laws of The 
Netherlands on 12 November 1927, with its corporate seat (statutaire zetel) in Amsterdam, The Netherlands 
(ING Bank). ING Bank is registered at the Chamber of Commerce of Amsterdam under No. 33031431. 
ING Bank is part of ING Groep N.V. (ING Group). ING Group is the holding company of a broad spectrum of 
companies (together called ING) offering banking services to meet the needs of a broad customer base. ING 
Bank is a wholly-owned, non-listed subsidiary of ING Group and currently offers retail banking services to 
individuals, small and medium-sized enterprises and mid-corporates in Europe, Asia and Australia and 
commercial banking services to customers around the world, including multinational corporations, 
governments, financial institutions and supranational organisations. ING Group currently serves around 40 
million retail and wholesale banking customers through an extensive network in over 40 countries. ING has 
more than 60,000 employees worldwide.  
ING Bank is directly supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB) as part of the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism (SSM). The SSM comprises of the ECB and national competent authorities of participating 
Member States. The SSM is responsible for ‘prudential supervision’ (the financial soundness of financial 
institutions). The ECB is responsible for specific tasks in the area of prudential supervision while the Dutch 
Central Bank, De Nederlandsche Bank (DNB), remains responsible for prudential supervision in respect of 
those powers that are not conferred to the ECB, which includes supervision on payment systems and financial 
crime supervision. The Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (AFM), is responsible for ‘conduct of 
business supervision’ (assessing the behaviour of players in the Dutch financial markets) of ING Bank. 
The information in the preceding four paragraphs has been provided by ING Bank for use in this Prospectus 
and ING Bank is solely responsible for the accuracy of the preceding three paragraphs. Except for the 
preceding three paragraphs, ING Bank in its capacity as Swap Counterparty, and its affiliates have not been 
involved in the preparation of, and do not accept responsibility for, this Prospectus.

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
 
The Swap Agreements 
Under each Swap Agreement relating to the Class A Notes the Issuer will undertake to pay to the respective 
Swap Counterparty on each Payment Date an amount equal to the amount of interest on the nominal amount 
of the Class A Notes outstanding on each Payment Date prior to the application of the relevant Order of 
Priority on such Payment Date, calculated on the basis of a fixed rate of interest of 2.84 per cent. per annum 
on the basis of 30/360. The respective Swap Counterparty will undertake to pay to the Issuer on each 
Payment Date an amount equal to the floating rate of interest on such outstanding nominal amount of the 
Class A Notes on each Payment Date prior to the application of the relevant Order of Priority on such Payment 
Date, calculated on the basis of EURIBOR plus 0.49 per cent. per annum on the basis of the actual number 
of days elapsed in an Interest Accrual Period divided by 360, and subject to a floor of zero.  
Under each Swap Agreement relating to Class B Notes the Issuer will undertake to pay to the respective 
Swap Counterparty on each Payment Date an amount equal to the amount of interest on the nominal amount 
of the Class B Notes outstanding on each Payment Date prior to the application of the relevant Order of 
Priority on such Payment Date, calculated on the basis of a fixed rate of interest of 3.46 per cent. per annum 
on the basis of 30/360. The respective Swap Counterparty will undertake to pay to the Issuer on each 
Payment Date an amount equal to the floating rate of interest on such outstanding nominal amount of the 
Class B Notes on each Payment Date prior to the application of the relevant Order of Priority on such Payment 
Date, calculated on the basis of EURIBOR plus 1.15 per cent. per annum on the basis of the actual number 
of days elapsed in an Interest Accrual Period divided by 360, and subject to a floor of zero. 
Payments under each Swap Agreement will be exchanged on a net basis on each Payment Date. Payments 
made by the Issuer under the Swap Agreements (other than termination payments related to an event of 
default where the Swap Counterparty is a defaulting party, or termination event due to the failure by the Swap 
Counterparty to take required action after a downgrade of its credit rating) rank higher in priority than all 
payments on the Notes. If the amounts paid by the Issuer to a Swap Counterparty are insufficient to meet the 
Issuer's payment obligations under the Swap Agreements, such payments by the Issuer will be used for 
payments due under each Swap Agreement relating to the Class A Notes and, to the extent such payment 
obligations have been fully satisfied, will be used for payments due under each Swap Agreement relating to 
the Class B Notes. Payments by a Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the respective Swap Agreements 
will be made into the Distribution Account and will, to the extent necessary, be increased to ensure that such 
payments are free and clear of all taxes.  
Events of default under the Swap Agreements applicable to the Issuer are limited to, and (among other things) 
events of default applicable to the respective Swap Counterparty include, the following: 
(1) 
failure to make a payment under the Swap Agreements when due, if such failure is not remedied 
within three Business Days of notice of such failure being given; or 
(2) 
the occurrence of certain bankruptcy and insolvency events. 
Termination events under the Swap Agreements include, among other things, the following: 
(1) 
illegality of the transactions contemplated by the Swap Agreements; or 
(2) 
an Enforcement Event under the Trust Agreement occurs or any Clean-Up Call or prepayment in full, 
but not in part, of the Notes occurs; or 
(3) 
failure of the respective Swap Counterparty to maintain its credit rating at certain levels required by 
the Swap Agreement, which failure may not constitute a termination event if (in the time set forth in 
the applicable Swap Agreement) the respective Swap Counterparty: 
(i) 
posts an amount of collateral (in the form of cash and/or securities) as set forth in the Swap 
Agreement; or 
(ii) 
obtains a guarantee from an institution with an acceptable rating; or 
(iii) 
transfers its rights and obligations under the Swap Agreement to an Eligible Swap 
Counterparty.

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
 
Upon the occurrence of any event of default or termination event specified in a Swap Agreement, the non-
defaulting party, an affected party or the party which is not the affected party (as the case may be, depending 
on the termination event) may, after a period of time set forth in the Swap Agreement, elect to terminate such 
Swap Agreement. If a Swap Agreement is terminated due to an event of default or a termination event, a 
Swap Termination Payment may be due to the respective Swap Counterparty by the Issuer out of its available 
funds. The amount of any such Swap Termination Payment may be based on the actual cost or market 
quotations of the cost of entering into a similar swap transaction or such other methods as may be required 
under the Swap Agreement, in each case in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Swap Agreement. 
Any such Swap Termination Payment could, if market rates or other conditions have changed materially, be 
substantial. Under certain circumstances, Swap Termination Payments required to be made by the Issuer to 
a Swap Counterparty will rank higher in priority than all payments on the Notes. In such event, the Purchased 
Lease Receivables and the General Cash Collateral Amount may be insufficient to make the required 
payments on the Notes and the Noteholders may experience delays and/or reductions in the interest and 
principal payments on the Notes. If a Swap Termination Payment is due to the respective Swap Counterparty, 
any Swap Replacement Proceeds shall to the extent of that Swap Termination Payment be paid directly to 
such Swap Counterparty causing the event of default or termination event without regard to the Order of 
Priority as specified in the relevant Swap Agreement.  
A Swap Counterparty may, at its own cost, transfer its obligations under the Swap Agreement to a third party 
which is the Eligible Swap Counterparty. There can be no assurance that the credit quality of the replacement 
Swap Counterparty will ultimately prove as strong as that of the original Swap Counterparty. Any Swap 
Termination Payments exceeding Swap Replacement Proceeds will be paid to such Swap Counterparty in 
accordance with the Order of Priority. 
Governing law 
The Swap Agreements, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Swap 
Agreements, are and will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
The Security Assignment Deed 
Pursuant to the Security Assignment Deed, the Issuer assigns to the Security Trustee as security for the 
payment and discharge of the Secured Obligations all of the Issuer's right, title and interest from time to time 
deriving or accruing from the Swap Agreements (other than in relation to credit support provided thereunder). 
All rights, benefits and interests granted to or conferred upon the Security Trustee and all other rights, powers 
and discretions granted to or conferred upon the Security Trustee under the Security Assignment Deed shall 
be held by the Security Trustee on trust for the benefit of itself and for the Programme Creditors from time to 
time subject to and in accordance with the Security Assignment Deed and the Trust Agreement. The Security 
Assignment Deed is governed by English law.

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
WARNING 
This section sets out a summary of certain taxation considerations relating to the Notes 
Potential investors should note that the tax legislation of the Noteholders' member state and of the relevant 
Issuer's country of incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. All prospective 
Noteholders should seek independent advice as to their tax position. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON TAX WITHHOLDINGS (INCLUDING WITHHOLDING TAX/CAPITAL 
GAINS TAX) FOR PAYMENTS UNDER THE NOTES 
As described in the Conditions, all payments of principal and any interest are effected less any legally owed 
withholding tax (including withholding taxes/capital gains tax or flat rate tax, including any surcharges and 
church taxes), and without payment of additional amounts pursuant to Condition 10 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Class A Notes and Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions of the Class B Notes. 
SPECIFIC INFORMATION ON FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, commonly known as FATCA, a 30% 
withholding tax will be imposed on certain payments to certain non-U.S. financial institutions that fail to comply 
with information reporting requirements or certification requirements in respect of their direct and indirect 
United States shareholders and/or United States accountholders and on certain payments made by non- U.S. 
financial institutions. The United States of America has entered into an intergovernmental agreement 
regarding the implementation of FATCA with Luxembourg (the "Luxembourg IGA"). Under the Luxembourg 
IGA, as currently drafted, a financial institution that is treated as resident in Luxembourg and that complies 
with the requirements of the Luxembourg IGA will not be subject to FATCA withholding on payments it 
receives and will not be required to withhold on payments of non-U.S. source income. As a result, the Issuer 
does not expect payments made on or with respect to the Securities to be subject to withholding under 
FATCA. Account holders and investors are obliged however to report certain information to the Issuer and 
the Issuer is obliged to report this information with respect to its account holders and investors to the public 
authorities of the home country for forwarding to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS"). Significant 
aspects of when and how FATCA will apply remain unclear, and no assurance can be given that withholding 
under FATCA will not become relevant with respect to payments made on or with respect to the Securities in 
the future. 
Potential investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the potential impact of FATCA.

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
 
VERIFICATION BY SVI 
STS Verification International GmbH ("SVI") has been authorised by the German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht) as third party pursuant to Article 28 
of the Securitisation Regulation. 
The verification label "verified – STS VERIFICATION INTERNATIONAL" has been officially registered as a 
trade mark and is licensed to an issuer of securities if the securities meet the requirements for simple, 
transparent and standardised securitisation as set out in Articles 19 to 26e of the Securitisation Regulation. 
The verification label is issued on the basis of SVI’s verification process, which is explained in detail on the 
SVI website (www.sts-verification-international.com). The verification process is based on the SVI verification 
manual. It describes the verification process and the individual inspections in detail. The verification manual 
is authoritative for all parties involved in the verification process and its application ensures an objective and 
uniform verification of transactions to be verified. 
The originator included in its notification pursuant to Article 27(1) of the Securitisation Regulation a statement 
that compliance of its securitisation with the STS criteria has been verified by SVI.

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO 
The Purchased Lease Receivables under the Receivables Purchase Agreement 
The majority of the Purchased Lease Receivables are receivables from Lease Contracts originated by 
Volkswagen, Audi, SEAT, Skoda and Volkswagen Nutzfahrzeuge dealers as agents, as outlined in detail in 
the table "Distribution by vehicles, brands and models", other than that the brands by the following originators 
are included in the portfolio: BMW, Citroen, Dacia, Dodge, Fiat Ford, Iveco, Jaguar, KIA, Land Rover, Mazda, 
Mercedes, Mini, Mitsubishi, Nissan, Opel, Peugeot, Porsche, Renault, Smart, Suzuki and Volvo. The 
contracts generally contain VWL’s leasing conditions for business vehicles ("Business Vehicle Leasing 
Agreements") or leasing conditions with private customers ("Private Vehicle Leasing Agreements"); the 
contracts with "large customers" have essentially these conditions (hereinafter collectively the "Lease 
Contracts") as used by VWL in accordance with its customary business practices as in place from time to 
time. They are non-full payment Lease Contracts under which the Lessees amortise over the life of the 
contract the difference between the purchase price of the vehicle and its (calculated) value at the expiration 
of the contract. Other payments may also be agreed upon in these contracts. Payments under the contracts 
are due monthly. 99 per cent. of the Leased Vehicles are Volkswagen, Audi, SEAT, Skoda or Volkswagen 
Nutzfahrzeuge vehicles or other domestic and international producers as outlined in detail in the table 
"Distribution by vehicles, brands and models" and remaining 1 per cent. are BMW, Citroen, Dacia, Dodge, 
Fiat Ford, Iveco, Jaguar, KIA, Land Rover, Mazda, Mercedes, Mini, Mitsubishi, Nissan, Opel, Peugeot, 
Porsche, Renault, Smart, Suzuki and Volvo.  
In accordance with common practice in Germany, the Lease Contracts provide for an assignment of VWL's 
warranty claims against the seller of the vehicle in lieu of a claim a Lessee may have against VWL under 
statutory law. Hence, in case of a defect of the Leased Vehicle the Lessee would have to exercise warranty 
claims in his own name against the seller of the Leased Vehicle. If the Lessee terminates or rescinds from 
the purchase contract for the Leased Vehicle, the seller of such Leased Vehicle would have to return the 
purchase price directly to VWL. 
The Purchased Lease Receivables substantially include the monthly payments for the use of the Leased 
Vehicles. The amounts payable in each month which have been acquired pursuant to the Receivables 
Purchase Agreement do not include claims to special payments or insurance premiums or turnover tax 
attributable to any payments for the use of the Leased Vehicles or claims arising from service components 
such as maintenance fees or fees for the excessive use of the Leased Vehicle.  
The Purchased Lease Receivables solely include Lease Receivables originated under closed end Lease 
Contracts (Verträge ohne Gebrauchtwagenabrechnung - "Closed End Lease Contracts"). Closed End 
Lease Contracts are based on fixed residual values based on the contractual mileage and term of the contract, 
both being guaranteed by the vehicle dealer in respect of a return of the car in compliance with the term of 
the contract at the end of the contract term arranging the conclusion of the respective Closed End Lease 
Contract and VWL. In case of under mileage or if the mileage is exceeded on the return of the car, the residual 
value will be adjusted by a mileage rate (Mehr-/ Minderkilometersatz) which has been agreed at the 
conclusion of the contract. Under these Closed End Lease Contracts, the respective vehicle-dealer will buy 
the Leased Vehicle from VWL at an adjusted previously agreed upon repurchase price. The Lessee will get 
charged or will be refunded with the adjustment.  
Under Closed End Lease Contracts, the risk of realisation of the residual value is borne entirely by the 
respective vehicle dealer. Approximately 95 per cent. of all Closed End Lease contracts is guaranteed by a 
partner-dealer of VWL. 
Mitigants for reflecting potential German trade tax and VAT risks 
VWL believes that potential risks resulting from Issuer’s potential exposure to German Trade Tax 
(Gewerbesteuer) or VAT (Umsatzsteuer) risks have been reasonably considered by the available credit 
enhancement under the Subordinated Loan and agreed overcollateralisation.  
Warranties and Guarantees in relation to the Sale of the Purchased Lease Receivables 
Under the Receivables Purchase Agreement, VWL warrants and guarantees with respect to the Purchased 
Lease Receivables, in the form of a separate guarantee undertaking pursuant to section 311 (1) of the 
German Civil Code, in respect of each Additional Cut-Off Date that:

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
 
(a) 
the Purchased Lease Receivables constitute legal, valid and enforceable rights and claims against 
the respective Lessees; 
(b) 
the Purchased Lease Receivables are assignable; 
(c) 
the Purchased Lease Receivables are denominated and payable in EUR; 
(d) 
the Leased Vehicles under the Lease Contracts are existing; 
(e) 
it may dispose of the Purchased Lease Receivables free from rights of third parties and 
encumbrances; 
(f) 
the Purchased Lease Receivables are free of defences, whether pre-emptory or otherwise 
(Einwendungen oder Einreden) for the agreed term of the Lease Contract as well as free from rights 
of third parties and that the lessees in particular have no set-off claim; 
(g) 
no Purchased Lease Receivable was overdue at the last day of the month preceding the Closing 
Date or the Additional Purchase Date, as applicable; 
(h) 
the status and enforceability of the Purchased Lease Receivables is not impaired by set-off rights or 
due to warranty claims or any other rights (including claims which may be set off) of the Lessee (even 
if the Purchaser knew or could have known of the existence of such defences or rights on the 
respective Cut-Off Date); 
(i) 
none of the Lessees is an Affiliate of Volkswagen AG, Familie Porsche, Stuttgart and Familie Piëch, 
Salzburg Gruppe (registered under a single borrower unit at the German central bank (Bundesbank); 
(j) 
according to VWL’s records, no Lease Contract relating to a Purchased Receivable has been 
terminated or is in the process of being terminated; 
(k) 
the Lease Contracts relating to the Purchased Lease Receivables are governed by the laws of 
Germany; 
(l) 
the Lease Contracts relating to the Purchased Lease Receivables have been entered into exclusively 
with Lessees which, if they are corporate entities have their registered office or, if they are individuals 
have their place of residence in Germany; 
(m) 
on the Initial Cut-Off Date or on the respective Additional Cut-Off Date, as applicable, at least two 
lease instalments have been paid in respect of each of the Lease Contracts and that the Lease 
Contracts require substantially equal monthly payments to be made within 12-60 months of the date 
of origination of the Lease Contract; 
(n) 
it may freely dispose of title to the Leased Vehicles and no third-party’s rights prevent such 
dispositions; 
(o) 
according to VWL’s records, no insolvency proceedings have been initiated against any of the 
Lessees during the term of the Lease Contracts up to the last day of the month preceding the Closing 
Date or the Additional Purchase Date, as applicable; 
(p) 
the Lease Receivables assigned do not represent a separately conducted business or business 
segment of VWL; 
(q) 
none of the Additional Lease Contracts will mature later than one year prior to the latest occurring 
Legal Maturity Date under any of the Notes; 
(r) 
 the purchase of Additional Lease Receivables will not have the result that the Aggregate Discounted 
Receivables Balance of all Lease Contracts exceeds the following concentration limits with respect 
to the percentage of the Discounted Receivables Balance generated under Lease Contracts for (i) 
used vehicles (concentration limit: 8 per cent.), (ii) for Volkswagen Nutzfahrzeuge vehicles 
(concentration limit: 22 per cent.) and (iii) for non-VW group (Volkswagen, Audi, SEAT, Skoda or 
Volkswagen Nutzfahrzeuge) vehicles (concentration limit: 5 per cent.);

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
 
(s) 
that the Purchased Lease Receivables have not been subject to forbearance amendments which 
had been agreed between VWL and the respective Lessee on basis of either (i) the German law on 
reduction of the consequences of the Corona Pandemic in the civil-, insolvency- and criminal 
procedure law (Gesetz zur Abmilderung der Folgen der  COVID-19-Pandemie im Zivil-, Insolvenz- 
und Strafverfahrensrecht) or (ii) a voluntary forbearance amendment VWL offered to the respective 
Lessee to limit the impact of the Corona Pandemic on the economic situation of such Lessee; and 
(t) 
none of the Lessees has exercised its right of revocation, if any. 
In addition to the aforementioned, VWL warrants and guarantees with respect to the Purchased Lease 
Receivables, in the form of a separate guarantee undertaking pursuant to section 311 (1) of the German Civil 
Code, on the Initial Cut-Off Date and in respect of each Additional Cut-Off Date, as applicable, that: 
(a) 
the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance resulting from Lease Contracts with one and the 
same Lessee will not exceed 0.5% of the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance; 
(b) 
the acquisition of the Leased Vehicles by VWL is financed in compliance with the requirements of 
section 108 (1), 2nd sentence of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) and in particular 
that (i) in case of a Lease Contract which relates also to maintenance or other service obligations of 
VWL that such service and maintenance obligations do not constitute the core focus (Schwerpunkt) 
of VWL’s contractual obligations and that the service and maintenance obligations identified in the 
specific Lease Contract do not relate to any Leased Vehicles that are not the subject of that specific 
Lease Contract, and (ii) that the remuneration paid by the Lessee for such maintenance or service 
obligations will not exceed the amount of the Lease Receivables originated under such Lease 
Contract; 
(c) 
the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance in EUR resulting from Lease Contracts with a 
remaining term greater than 36 months is not larger than 30 per cent. of the Aggregate Discounted 
Receivables Balance; and 
(d) 
the Purchased Lease Receivables will not include Lease Receivables: 
 
(i) 
relating to a Lessee who VWL considers as unlikely to pay its credit obligations to VWL 
and/or to a Lessee who is past due more than 90 days on any material credit obligation to 
VWL;  
(ii) 
relating to a credit-impaired lessee or guarantor, who on the basis of information obtained 
(i) from the Lessees of the Purchased Lease Receivables, (ii) in the course of VWL's 
servicing of the Purchased Lease Receivables, or VWL's risk management procedures or 
(iii) from a third party: 
(1) 
has been declared insolvent or had a court grant his creditors a final non-
appealable right of enforcement or material damages as a result of a 
missed payment within three years prior to the date of origination or has 
undergone a debt-restructuring process with regard to his non-performing 
exposures within three years prior to the date of transfer of the respective 
Receivable to the Issuer; 
(2) 
was, at the time of origination, where applicable, on a public credit registry 
of persons with adverse credit history or, where there is no such public 
credit registry, another credit registry that is available to VWL; or 
(3) 
has a credit assessment or a credit score indicating that the risk of 
contractually agreed payments not being made is significantly higher than 
for comparable receivables held by VWL which are not securitised. 
In the event of a breach of any of the warranties set forth above at the Closing Date, the Initial Purchase Date 
and/or the Additional Purchase Date, respectively, which materially and adversely affects the interests of the 
Purchaser or the Noteholders, VWL shall have until the end of the relevant monthly period which includes the 
60th day (or, if VWL elects, an earlier date) after the date that VWL became aware or was notified of such 
breach or failure to cure or correct such breach or failure. Any such breach or failure will be deemed not to

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
 
have a material and adverse effect if such breach or failure does not affect the ability of the Purchaser to 
receive and retain timely payment in full on any related Lease Receivable.  The Purchaser's sole remedy will 
be to require VWL to take one of the following remedial actions: 
(a) 
remedy the matter giving rise to such breach if such matter is capable of being remedied, provided 
that, if a remedy within the time period specified above is not practicable, VWL may remedy such 
breach by the last day of the following monthly period; or 
(b) 
replace the relevant Purchased Lease Receivable, taking into account the warranties and guarantees 
set out in clauses 6.1 and 6.2 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement, with a Lease Receivable the 
present value of which shall be at least the Settlement Amount of such Purchased Lease Receivable 
as at the monthly period immediately preceding such replacement, provided that, if a remedy within 
the time period specified above is not practicable, VWL may replace such Purchased Lease 
Receivable by the last day of the following monthly period; or 
(c) 
repurchase the relevant Purchased Lease Receivable at a price equal to the Settlement Amount of 
such Purchased Lease Receivable as at the monthly period immediately preceding such repurchase, 
provided that, if a remedy within the time period specified above is not practicable, VWL may 
repurchase such Purchased Lease Receivable by the last day of the following monthly period. 
VWL warrants and guarantees, that the Purchased Lease Receivables are originated in the ordinary course 
of the business of VWL pursuant to lease granting standards which also apply to leases which will not be 
securitised. In particular VWL warrants and guarantees, that it has in place (i) effective systems to apply its 
standard lease criteria for granting the Purchased Lease Receivables and (ii) processes for approving and, 
where relevant, amending, renewing and re-financing the Purchased Lease Receivables, in order to ensure 
that granting of the Purchased Lease Receivables is based on a thorough assessment of each Lessee's 
creditworthiness. Furthermore VWL warrants and guarantees, that the assessment of each Lessee's 
creditworthiness (i) will be performed on the basis of sufficient information, where appropriate obtained from 
the Lessee and, where necessary, on the basis of a consultation of the relevant database and (ii) will be 
repeated before any significant increase in the total amount is granted after the conclusion of the lease, in 
combination with an update of the Lessee's financial information. 
The Issuer may on any Payment Date, for the purpose of a Term Takeout, offer to sell and assign to a 
securitisation vehicle nominated by the Seller (in each case, the "Transferee") the Term Takeout 
Receivables, provided that the Rating Agencies will have confirmed (by way of press release or otherwise) 
that the sale of the Term Takeout Receivables will not in and of itself result in a downgrade, withdrawal or 
qualification of the rating assigned to Class A Notes or the Class B Notes prior to the Term Takeout. If 
accepted by the Transferee, the purchase price to be paid by the Transferee acquiring the Term Takeout 
Receivables will be: 
(a) 
no less than the outstanding Discounted Receivables Balance of the Term Takeout Receivables as 
at the respective Payment Date less an amount equal to the sum of (i) the amount of 
overcollateralization applied to the Term Takeout in accordance with the capital structure of 
applicable term transaction and (ii) the amount required as cash collateral for the applicable term 
transaction; 
(b) 
in any event no less than the Aggregate Redeemable Amount; and 
(c) 
paid to the Distribution Account, provided that the purchase price will not be distributed according to 
the applicable Order of Priority and it will be distributed, first, to the then outstanding Class A Notes, 
until the Redeemable Amount of all then outstanding Class A Notes has been redeemed in full, 
secondly, to the then outstanding Class B Notes, until the Redeemable Amount of all then 
outstanding Class B Notes has been redeemed in full, thirdly, to the Subordinated Loan and fourthly, 
to the Seller by way of a success fee. 
The selection of Term Takeout Receivables will be made on a random basis and the proceeds from any Term 
Takeout will be paid into the Distribution Account but will not form part of the Available Distribution Amount 
and not be applied according to the Order of Priority but instead be distributed separately in accordance with 
the order of priority pursuant to clause 22.4 (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. Any such randomly 
selected Term Takeout Receivable shall comply with the same warranties and guarantees as set out in 
clauses 6.1 and 6.2 (Warranties by VWL with respect to the Purchased Lease Receivables) of the

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, in case of Non-Amortising Series of Notes 
any redemption payments will be made in a way to redeem a certain number of Notes in their principal amount 
of EUR 100,000. 
The Purchased Lease Receivables acquired and transferred by assignment under any Receivables Purchase 
Agreement from VWL have characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service payments 
due and payable on the Notes. 
Description of the Lease Contracts, Lease Receivables, Leased Vehicles and Lessees as at the 
Additional Cut-Off Date falling in August 2024 
The information below contains data of the pool as relevant for the Notes outstanding on the date of this Base 
Prospectus. The aggregate amount of such Notes is expected to be around EUR 2,808,700,000.00. In case 
of the issuance of Further Notes, the amended stratification tables and information will be inserted into the 
Final Terms for the relevant Series of Notes.  
The Portfolio information presented in this Base Prospectus is based on a pool on the Additional Cut-Off Date 
falling in August 2024.

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
 
(1) 
Distribution by contract concentration12 
Total porfolio 
Distribution by contract 
concentration 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding 
discounted balance 
1 
190,879 
56.50% 
1,582,139,005.40 € 
49.03% 
2 - 10 
83,947 
24.85% 
934,569,905.38 € 
28.96% 
11 - 20 
21,323 
6.31% 
256,083,321.77 € 
7.94% 
21 - 50 
20,778 
6.15% 
241,842,002.11 € 
7.50% 
> 50 
20,890 
6.18% 
211,923,588.36 € 
6.57% 
Total 
337,817 
100.00% 
3,226,557,823.02 € 
100.00% 
 
(2) 
Distribution by contract concentration: Top 20 Lessees 
Total porfolio 
Distribution by largest lessee 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding 
discounted balance 
1 
1,333 
0.39% 
6,280,926.02 € 
0.19% 
2 
256 
0.08% 
3,763,105.45 € 
0.12% 
3 
397 
0.12% 
3,376,128.10 € 
0.10% 
4 
223 
0.07% 
2,820,389.02 € 
0.09% 
5 
157 
0.05% 
2,440,420.01 € 
0.08% 
6 
286 
0.08% 
2,354,193.45 € 
0.07% 
7 
629 
0.19% 
2,274,311.80 € 
0.07% 
8 
82 
0.02% 
2,157,476.35 € 
0.07% 
9 
183 
0.05% 
2,131,225.74 € 
0.07% 
10 
170 
0.05% 
2,083,033.55 € 
0.06% 
11 
180 
0.05% 
2,077,138.17 € 
0.06% 
12 
152 
0.04% 
2,013,474.75 € 
0.06% 
13 
137 
0.04% 
1,953,834.54 € 
0.06% 
14 
147 
0.04% 
1,906,917.19 € 
0.06% 
15 
140 
0.04% 
1,888,736.91 € 
0.06% 
16 
130 
0.04% 
1,873,866.35 € 
0.06% 
17 
153 
0.05% 
1,810,866.82 € 
0.06% 
18 
154 
0.05% 
1,776,592.23 € 
0.06% 
19 
128 
0.04% 
1,726,054.00 € 
0.05% 
20 
122 
0.04% 
1,712,698.37 € 
0.05% 
Total 1 - 20 
5,159 
1.53% 
48,421,388.82 € 
1.50% 
 
(3) 
Distribution by remaining contract term  
Total porfolio 
  
Distribution by 
remaining term 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted balance 
Percentage of outstanding 
discounted balance 
00-12 
19,954 
6.29% 
51,005,477.48 € 
1.69% 
13-24 
97,933 
30.87% 
585,641,370.64 € 
19.43% 
25-36 
128,076 
40.37% 
1,474,887,421.02 € 
48.94% 
37-48 
68,868 
21.71% 
855,760,720.88 € 
28.40% 
49-60 
2,400 
0.76% 
46,151,239.06 € 
1.53% 
61-72 
0 
0.00% 
0.00 € 
0.00% 
>72 
0 
0.00% 
0.00 € 
0.00% 
Total 
317,231 
100.00% 
3,013,446,229.08 € 
100.00% 
Statistics 
Minimum Remaining Term 
1 
Maximum Remaining Term 
58 
Weighted Average Remaining Term 
31.96 
(4) 
Distribution by customer type  
Total portfolio 
 
1  
In principal, the number of contracts and the outstanding receivables balance in all stratification tables must be equal. The only exemption 
is Table 1 - Distribution of Lease Contracts and Leased Vehicles per Lessee. For the purpose of customer concentration, the most 
conservative approach is followed. Contracts are aggregated at customer level and in addition at borrower unit level. This leads to 
double-counting of a certain share of contracts. However, by following this approach, the most accurate view is provided when it comes 
to measuring the exposure when large customers default. 
2  
The provided tables have been accepted and audited by KPMG. KPMG has added the following sentence to their report: “Except for 
rounding errors no differences between the provided and the tables produced by us revealed.”

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
 
Distribution by customer type* 
(by definition Basel II) 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
Retail 
244,773 
77.16% 
2,140,254,907.13 € 
71.02% 
Corporate 
72,458 
22.84% 
873,191,321.95 € 
28.98% 
Total 
317,231 
100.00% 
3,013,446,229.08 € 
100.00% 
 
(5) 
Distribution by seasoning 
Total porfolio 
  
Distribution by 
seasoning 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted balance 
Percentage of outstanding 
discounted balance 
00-12 
249,418 
78.62% 
2,538,919,885.17 € 
84.25% 
13-24 
59,542 
18.77% 
446,885,803.53 € 
14.83% 
25-36 
6,815 
2.15% 
24,721,233.18 € 
0.82% 
37-48 
1,297 
0.41% 
2,715,841.56 € 
0.09% 
49-60 
157 
0.05% 
200,466.87 € 
0.01% 
61-72 
2 
0.00% 
2,998.77 € 
0.00% 
>72 
0 
0.00% 
0.00 € 
0.00% 
Total 
317,231 
100.00% 
3,013,446,229.08 € 
100.00% 
 
(6) 
Distribution by outstanding discounted balance  
Total porfolio 
  
Distribution by outstanding 
discounted balance 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding discounted 
balance 
0,00 - 5.000,00 
84,158 
26.53% 
260,861,723.46 € 
8.66% 
5.000,01 - 10.000,00 
109,851 
34.63% 
811,907,592.79 € 
26.94% 
10.000,01 - 15.000,00 
70,624 
22.26% 
863,920,858.92 € 
28.67% 
15.000,01 - 20.000,00 
33,168 
10.46% 
567,779,316.96 € 
18.84% 
20.000,01 - 25.000,00 
11,410 
3.60% 
251,570,356.71 € 
8.35% 
25.000,01 - 30.000,00 
4,193 
1.32% 
113,781,832.44 € 
3.78% 
> 30.000,00 
3,827 
1.21% 
143,624,547.80 € 
4.77% 
Total 
317,231 
100.00% 
3,013,446,229.08 € 
100.00% 
Statistics 
Minimum outstanding discounted balance 
2.98 € 
Maximum outstanding discounted balance 
108,322.67 € 
Average outstanding discounted balance 
9,499.22 € 
 
(7) 
Distribution by total number of instalments 
  
Total porfolio 
  
Distribution by total number of 
installments 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding 
discounted balance 
00-12 
4,934 
1.56% 
11,723,366.03 € 
0.39% 
13-24 
63,465 
20.01% 
270,189,779.63 € 
8.97% 
25-36 
150,870 
47.56% 
1,608,072,344.20 € 
53.36% 
37-48 
93,729 
29.55% 
1,059,015,780.49 € 
35.14% 
49-60 
4,231 
1.33% 
64,441,959.96 € 
2.14% 
61-72 
2 
0.00% 
2,998.77 € 
0.00% 
>72 
0 
0.00% 
0.00 € 
0.00% 
Total 
317,231 
100.00% 
3,013,446,229.08 € 
100.00% 
  
  
  
  
  
Statistics 
Minimum original term 
  
  
4 
Maximum original term 
  
  
72 
Weighted average original term 
  
  
39.38 
 
(8) 
Distribution by type of vehicles 
Total portfolio 
Distribution by type of vehicles 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage 
of contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted balance 
Percentage of outstanding 
discounted balance

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
 
New vehicles 
285,250 
89.92% 
2,793,240,296.51 € 
92.69% 
Used vehicles 
28,810 
9.08% 
181,048,154.30 € 
6.01% 
Demonstration vehicles 
3,171 
1.00% 
39,157,778.27 € 
1.30% 
Total 
317,231 
100.00% 
3,013,446,229.08 € 
100.00% 
 
(9) 
Distribution by payment type 
Total porfolio 
  
Distribution by payment type 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding discounted 
balance 
Percentage of outstanding 
discounted balance 
Direct borrower account debit 
309,546 
97.58% 
2,943,490,598.24 € 
97.68% 
Others 
7,685 
2.42% 
69,955,630.84 € 
2.32% 
Total 
317,231 
100.00% 
3,013,446,229.08 € 
100.00% 
 
(10) 
Distribution by vehicle brands and models 
Total porfolio 
Distribution by vehicle 
brands and models 
Model 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding discounted 
balance 
VW 
ARTEON 
3,201 
1.01% 
28,248,841.97 € 
0.94% 
  
E-UP! 
770 
0.24% 
3,932,529.66 € 
0.13% 
  
GOLF 
28,893 
9.11% 
194,418,223.07 € 
6.45% 
  
ID.3 
13,315 
4.20% 
86,003,249.43 € 
2.85% 
  
ID.4 
7,560 
2.38% 
84,048,477.21 € 
2.79% 
  
ID.5 
2,216 
0.70% 
21,131,657.05 € 
0.70% 
  
ID.7 
1,093 
0.34% 
18,824,486.78 € 
0.62% 
  
PASSAT 
11,513 
3.63% 
131,236,652.95 € 
4.36% 
  
POLO 
11,958 
3.77% 
69,130,617.09 € 
2.29% 
  
SHARAN 
16 
0.01% 
103,457.50 € 
0.00% 
  
T-CROSS 
3,129 
0.99% 
20,996,521.24 € 
0.70% 
  
T-ROC 
21,296 
6.71% 
160,246,660.10 € 
5.32% 
  
TAIGO 
6,167 
1.94% 
41,465,161.60 € 
1.38% 
  
TIGUAN 
17,918 
5.65% 
207,315,330.12 € 
6.88% 
  
TOUAREG 
1,500 
0.47% 
35,940,748.79 € 
1.19% 
  
TOURAN 
1,904 
0.60% 
26,232,627.44 € 
0.87% 
  
UP! 
2,773 
0.87% 
10,640,763.84 € 
0.35% 
Sub-Total VW 
  
135,222 
42.63% 
1,139,916,005.84 € 
37.83% 
VW LCV 
AMAROK 
344 
0.11% 
7,937,055.64 € 
0.26% 
  
BUZZ 
872 
0.27% 
14,428,689.03 € 
0.48% 
  
CADDY 
4,731 
1.49% 
57,132,419.59 € 
1.90% 
  
CRAFTER 
2,335 
0.74% 
44,430,564.15 € 
1.47% 
  
ECRAFTER 
8 
0.00% 
62,433.25 € 
0.00% 
  
T6 
32 
0.01% 
162,475.15 € 
0.01% 
  
T6.1 
5,392 
1.70% 
91,901,177.18 € 
3.05% 
  
T7 
1,166 
0.37% 
22,785,231.42 € 
0.76% 
Sub-Total VW LCV 
  
14,880 
4.69% 
238,840,045.41 € 
7.93% 
Audi 
A1 
2,161 
0.68% 
16,188,281.51 € 
0.54% 
  
A3 
8,730 
2.75% 
71,634,518.10 € 
2.38% 
  
A4 
11,424 
3.60% 
123,917,701.93 € 
4.11% 
  
A5 
3,545 
1.12% 
45,255,307.59 € 
1.50% 
  
A6 
9,677 
3.05% 
126,546,765.68 € 
4.20% 
  
A7 
458 
0.14% 
9,406,637.41 € 
0.31% 
  
A8 
651 
0.21% 
11,823,866.49 € 
0.39% 
  
E-TRON 
1,936 
0.61% 
24,962,995.17 € 
0.83% 
  
Q2 
2,965 
0.93% 
22,053,272.39 € 
0.73% 
  
Q3 
5,906 
1.86% 
65,596,260.52 € 
2.18% 
  
Q4 
3,563 
1.12% 
47,140,729.95 € 
1.56% 
  
Q5 
5,709 
1.80% 
79,225,834.93 € 
2.63% 
  
Q6 
17 
0.01% 
413,862.83 € 
0.01% 
  
Q7 
738 
0.23% 
16,991,630.34 € 
0.56% 
  
Q8 
2,861 
0.90% 
69,757,892.88 € 
2.31% 
  
R8 
67 
0.02% 
3,124,284.79 € 
0.10% 
  
TT 
195 
0.06% 
2,565,354.50 € 
0.09% 
Sub-Total Audi 
  
60,603 
19.10% 
736,605,197.01 € 
24.44% 
Seat 
ALHAMBRA 
34 
0.01% 
233,930.59 € 
0.01% 
  
ALTEA 
1 
0.00% 
6,764.57 € 
0.00% 
  
ARONA 
5,385 
1.70% 
25,563,440.68 € 
0.85% 
  
ATECA 
6,030 
1.90% 
49,146,780.49 € 
1.63% 
  
BORN 
7,044 
2.22% 
49,507,386.96 € 
1.64% 
  
FORMENTOR 
14,375 
4.53% 
94,136,147.79 € 
3.12% 
  
IBIZA 
7,281 
2.30% 
29,432,744.46 € 
0.98% 
  
LEON 
12,531 
3.95% 
103,659,755.35 € 
3.44% 
  
MII 
1 
0.00% 
112.91 € 
0.00%

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
 
Total porfolio 
Distribution by vehicle 
brands and models 
Model 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding discounted 
balance 
  
MII ELECTRIC 
10 
0.00% 
20,510.25 € 
0.00% 
  
TARRACO 
1,650 
0.52% 
22,195,884.58 € 
0.74% 
Sub-Total Seat 
  
54,342 
17.13% 
373,903,458.63 € 
12.41% 
Skoda 
CITIGO 
1 
0.00% 
5,195.62 € 
0.00% 
  
CITIGOE 
14 
0.00% 
13,609.03 € 
0.00% 
  
ENYAQ IV 
8,673 
2.73% 
87,989,458.56 € 
2.92% 
  
FABIA 
5,610 
1.77% 
31,062,516.95 € 
1.03% 
  
KAMIQ 
3,730 
1.18% 
27,564,554.96 € 
0.91% 
  
KAROQ 
6,483 
2.04% 
66,880,540.62 € 
2.22% 
  
KODIAQ 
5,950 
1.88% 
81,576,743.54 € 
2.71% 
  
OCTAVIA 
14,889 
4.69% 
155,149,824.14 € 
5.15% 
  
SCALA 
1,375 
0.43% 
11,838,008.31 € 
0.39% 
  
SUPERB 
4,350 
1.37% 
55,497,767.10 € 
1.84% 
  
YETI 
0 
0.00% 
0.00 € 
0.00% 
Sub-Total Skoda 
  
51,075 
16.10% 
517,578,218.83 € 
17.18% 
Other brands 
  
1,109 
0.35% 
6,603,303.36 € 
0.22% 
Total 
  
317,231 
100.00% 
3,013,446,229.08 € 
100.00% 
 
(11) 
Distribution by motor type 
 
Total portfolio 
 
Distribution by 
motor type 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding discounted 
balance 
Percentage of outstanding 
discounted balance 
Diesel 
93,562 
29.49% 
1,177,685,036.49 € 
39.08% 
Petrol 
159,240 
50.20% 
1,195,565,791.53 € 
39.67% 
Electric 
48,870 
15.41% 
476,347,825.48 € 
15.81% 
Hybrid 
15,266 
4.81% 
162,334,516.86 € 
5.39% 
Gas 
286 
0.09% 
1,497,991.55 € 
0.05% 
Others 
7 
0.00% 
15,067.17 € 
0.00% 
Total 
317,231 
100.00% 
3,013,446,229.08 € 
100.00% 
 
(12) 
Distribution by geographic region 
 
Total porfolio 
 
Distribution by geographic 
region 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
Percentage of 
outstanding 
discounted balance 
Baden-Wuerttemberg 
48,771 
15.37% 
465,117,236.04 € 
15.43% 
Bavaria 
56,397 
17.78% 
535,938,126.10 € 
17.78% 
Berlin 
8,291 
2.61% 
77,882,422.01 € 
2.58% 
Brandenburg 
5,429 
1.71% 
56,576,584.80 € 
1.88% 
Bremen 
2,390 
0.75% 
25,232,957.50 € 
0.84% 
Hamburg 
6,155 
1.94% 
63,985,828.31 € 
2.12% 
Hesse 
26,290 
8.29% 
245,532,403.53 € 
8.15% 
Lower Saxony 
29,635 
9.34% 
282,772,002.46 € 
9.38% 
Mecklenburg-Vorpommern 
3,356 
1.06% 
36,735,581.67 € 
1.22% 
North Rhine-Westphalia 
77,678 
24.49% 
704,995,831.59 € 
23.40% 
Rhineland-Palatinate 
14,876 
4.69% 
136,236,032.49 € 
4.52% 
Saarland 
3,381 
1.07% 
30,300,251.30 € 
1.01% 
Saxony 
12,389 
3.91% 
127,347,650.02 € 
4.23% 
Saxony-Anhalt 
6,017 
1.90% 
61,503,075.01 € 
2.04% 
Schleswig-Holstein 
8,773 
2.77% 
88,930,312.40 € 
2.95% 
Thuringia 
7,397 
2.33% 
74,317,971.52 € 
2.47% 
Foreign countries (*) 
6 
0.00% 
41,962.33 € 
0.00% 
Total 
317,231 
100.00% 3,013,446,229.08 € 
100.00% 
(*) Customers who changed their residence after Cut-Off-Date

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
 
(13) 
Distribution by industry sector 
 
Total porfolio 
 
Distribution by industry sector 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted 
balance 
Percentage of 
discounted balance 
Agriculture/ Forestry 
1,460 
0.46% 
15,001,112.35 € 
0.50% 
Energy/ Mining 
3,641 
1.15% 
38,681,372.73 € 
1.28% 
Manufacturing industry 
39,301 
12.39% 
456,777,500.94 € 
15.16% 
Chemical industry 
2,624 
0.83% 
29,337,524.58 € 
0.97% 
Construction 
22,406 
7.06% 
268,353,237.17 € 
8.91% 
Retail/ Wholesale 
41,451 
13.07% 
420,358,402.07 € 
13.95% 
Hotel and restaurant industry 
4,168 
1.31% 
38,901,306.81 € 
1.29% 
Transportation 
7,355 
2.32% 
72,150,837.72 € 
2.39% 
Financial services 
23,536 
7.42% 
179,173,068.32 € 
5.95% 
Public administration, education, 
health care, public serv. 
82,480 
26.00% 
665,916,615.18 € 
22.10% 
Other services 
41,581 
13.11% 
445,787,184.39 € 
14.79% 
Information technology 
13,391 
4.22% 
146,851,089.19 € 
4.87% 
Real estate 
7,019 
2.21% 
69,126,167.90 € 
2.29% 
Other 
26,818 
8.45% 
167,030,809.73 € 
5.54% 
Total 
317,231 
100.00% 3,013,446,229.08 € 
100.00% 
 
(14) 
Retention of net economic interest 
Type of asset 
Number of 
contracts 
Percentage of 
contracts 
Outstanding 
discounted balance 
Percentage of 
nominal balance 
Portfolio sold to SPV 
317,231 
94.14% 
3,013,446,229.08 € 
94.21% 
Retention of VW Leasing 
19,760 
5.86% 
185,122,743.22 € 
5.79% 
Total 
336,991 
100.00% 
3,198,568,972.30 € 
100.00% 
  
 
 
 
Retention amounts 
- 
  
 
 
Minimum retention 
158,602,433.11 € 
5.00% 
 
3,172,048,662.19 € 
Actual retention 
185,122,743.22 € 
5.79% 
 
 
 
The Purchased Lease Receivables have not been selected by the Seller with the aim of rendering losses on 
the Purchased Lease Receivables to the Issuer, measured over the life of the Programme, higher than the 
losses over the same period on comparable Lease Receivables held on the balance sheet of the Seller. 
Verification pursuant to Article 22(2) of the Securitisation Regulation has occurred prior to the Renewal Date 
and no significant adverse findings have been found.

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
 
Historical Lease Receivables Performance Data 
Portfolio Losses (Lease Receivables) 
VWL has extracted data on the historical performance of the entire German auto lease portfolio. The tables 
below show historical data on net losses, for the period from Q1 2019 to Q2 2024 and having been subject 
to a Write-Off by Volkswagen Leasing GmbH before June 2024. Such data was extracted from VW's internal 
data warehouse which is sourced from its contract management and accounting systems. 
The net losses data displayed below are in static format and show the cumulative net losses realised after 
the specified number of months since origination, for each portfolio of leases originated in a particular month, 
expressed as a percentage of the original lease balance of that portfolio. Net losses are calculated by 
deducting the vehicle sales proceeds as well as any other recoveries from the outstanding balances of the 
respective leases up to the Write-Off of the lease (net losses are shown in the month where the Write-Off of 
the Lease Contract has been carried out by the Seller). The exposures to which such data relates are 
substantially similar to those being securitised as they have been originated in accordance with consistent 
origination procedures, on the basis of similar contractual terms and exposures securitised are selected based 
on strict eligibility criteria and thus generally perform better than VW's managed portfolio as a whole. 
Portfolio Delinquencies 
The following data indicates, for the auto leasing portfolio of VWL, and for a given month the outstanding 
balance of the receivables which are current, 1 to 30 days in arrears, 31 to 60 days in arrears, 61 to 90 days 
in arrears, 91 to 120 days in arrears, 121 to 150 days in arrears, 151 to 180 days in arrears, more than 180 
days in arrears and the total outstanding balance of the auto leasing portfolio.

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
 
Arrear status credit portfolio VWL Germany 
Period 
Not delinquent 
1-30 days 
delinquent 
31-60 days  
delinquent 
61-90 days  
delinquent 
91-120 days  
delinquent 
121-150 days 
delinquent  
151-180 days 
delinquent  
>180 days 
delinquent 
> 90 days 
delinquent 
TOTAL 
31.01.2014 
5,564,500,420.13 207,307,592.82 
86,786,345.00 
39,609,220.07 25,763,869.77 
17,148,318.93 
16,543,002.57 105,530,273.03 
164,985,464.30 
6,063,189,042.32 
28.02.2014 
5,545,706,503.22 229,393,392.73 
54,403,412.92 
24,393,747.59 22,094,744.96 
8,171,048.93 
13,059,047.22 106,316,237.12 
149,641,078.23 
6,003,538,134.69 
31.03.2014 
5,626,602,778.98 127,898,838.07 104,021,993.90 
26,115,218.79 
9,382,800.33 
18,615,527.23 
13,801,514.59 104,092,871.74 
145,892,713.89 
6,030,531,543.63 
30.04.2014 
5,573,434,964.77 212,130,183.95 
30,217,641.98 
60,560,326.03 17,994,760.77 
6,762,246.12 
14,130,209.22 103,174,658.62 
142,061,874.73 
6,018,404,991.46 
31.05.2014 
5,696,094,338.16 
89,048,993.24 
74,183,930.95 
43,580,139.86 33,017,916.23 
10,753,782.60 
12,714,488.78 100,329,589.98 
156,815,777.59 
6,059,723,179.80 
30.06.2014 
5,651,579,132.30 249,440,284.38 
25,431,704.25 
32,263,889.44 27,267,199.76 
24,163,714.10 
8,938,870.67 
98,185,444.04 
158,555,228.57 
6,117,270,238.94 
31.07.2014 
5,727,565,478.19 205,085,321.68 
69,816,260.46 
41,174,432.86 19,137,027.73 
16,649,036.43 
12,350,175.46 
97,300,618.87 
145,436,858.49 
6,189,078,351.68 
31.08.2014 
5,815,453,415.60 137,923,716.04 
68,283,031.76 
32,751,095.82 24,471,804.58 
13,052,126.07 
12,078,451.90 
92,287,409.17 
141,889,791.72 
6,196,301,050.94 
30.09.2014 
5,764,202,426.68 182,754,328.13 
25,759,418.08 
35,938,339.15 19,945,810.92 
18,191,359.54 
9,846,765.64 
91,573,586.89 
139,557,522.99 
6,148,212,035.03 
31.10.2014 
5,670,387,021.77 228,797,752.92 
67,624,784.17 
29,587,868.04 23,921,766.05 
12,796,614.69 
13,540,716.18 
86,454,623.96 
136,713,720.88 
6,133,111,147.78 
30.11.2014 
5,741,097,395.28 226,450,918.68 
17,909,887.22 
33,211,642.11 16,862,418.63 
15,741,434.69 
9,686,720.68 
86,102,723.00 
128,393,297.00 
6,147,063,140.29 
31.12.2014 
5,698,607,934.31 156,234,068.92 
82,749,508.93 
42,616,888.10 23,334,841.64 
12,986,572.57 
13,003,252.89 
85,038,629.72 
134,363,296.82 
6,114,571,697.08 
31.01.2015 
5,745,720,670.66 159,592,731.29 
67,001,949.81 
30,593,824.59 21,556,490.43 
14,189,697.51 
9,920,329.11 
83,079,741.41 
128,746,258.46 
6,131,655,434.81 
28.02.2015 
5,726,188,126.83 181,783,812.31 
45,343,253.08 
17,780,877.63 17,556,106.32 
3,648,190.13 
10,192,391.09 
80,357,547.54 
111,754,235.08 
6,082,850,304.93 
31.03.2015 
5,709,083,288.21 202,448,050.35 
75,228,767.13 
21,790,097.33 
5,585,861.75 
10,842,227.68 
9,284,087.20 
77,642,058.99 
103,354,235.62 
6,111,904,438.64 
30.04.2015 
5,756,321,319.79 199,192,925.16 
22,636,427.23 
48,881,932.62 15,688,115.62 
3,931,173.11 
8,318,023.71 
78,382,296.81 
106,319,609.25 
6,133,352,214.05 
31.05.2015 
5,804,684,194.74 119,852,296.18 
62,896,006.14 
36,732,144.01 26,840,960.06 
6,964,831.34 
9,995,569.18 
75,691,381.75 
119,492,742.33 
6,143,657,383.40 
30.06.2015 
5,859,610,853.64 242,004,411.75 
28,691,299.09 
40,019,114.71 28,092,511.27 
22,305,597.53 
6,210,486.01 
75,634,269.86 
132,242,864.67 
6,302,568,543.86 
31.07.2015 
5,903,735,813.46 263,433,624.24 
55,504,692.27 
28,494,510.36 21,542,369.86 
15,511,042.39 
10,996,642.35 
75,841,289.14 
123,891,343.74 
6,375,059,984.07 
31.08.2015 
5,993,164,024.95 246,959,009.02 
25,183,349.37 
27,370,513.77 16,805,943.27 
13,854,001.15 
11,308,682.87 
76,725,392.59 
118,694,019.88 
6,411,370,916.99 
30.09.2015 
6,023,951,662.34 188,522,074.41 
42,734,338.60 
11,274,468.28 16,243,633.45 
10,931,115.89 
9,971,882.81 
77,387,662.92 
114,534,295.07 
6,381,016,838.70 
31.10.2015 
6,068,802,810.14 128,198,240.12 
73,129,531.70 
39,451,794.50 
6,987,587.60 
11,115,479.74 
8,678,073.24 
76,300,936.15 
103,082,076.73 
6,412,664,453.19 
30.11.2015 
6,077,624,624.14 243,270,333.49 
20,400,909.90 
33,212,572.52 25,379,447.71 
4,761,510.58 
8,294,279.39 
73,270,785.20 
111,706,022.88 
6,486,214,462.93 
31.12.2015 
6,173,557,350.26 114,826,838.80 
68,512,782.80 
31,015,555.53 22,980,866.58 
21,111,214.61 
3,674,199.44 
70,010,249.88 
117,776,530.51 
6,505,689,057.90 
31.01.2016 
6,155,018,224.70 137,044,990.13 
55,271,761.04 
30,837,241.42 16,484,603.18 
16,364,447.17 
15,757,281.79 
62,205,522.24 
110,811,854.38 
6,488,984,071.67 
29.02.2016 
6,132,032,219.62 169,731,449.90 
38,293,176.75 
11,222,125.10 21,356,629.61 
12,670,042.37 
13,523,746.79 
67,785,234.94 
115,335,653.71 
6,466,614,625.08 
31.03.2016 
6,115,294,203.67 229,141,444.30 
65,663,293.17 
11,082,859.88 17,795,635.28 
15,992,909.44 
8,868,767.58 
69,039,159.89 
111,696,472.19 
6,532,878,273.21 
30.04.2016 
6,248,927,219.10 207,914,103.51 
17,063,516.33 
37,111,515.59 
8,440,866.24 
12,929,034.45 
14,408,390.73 
68,630,741.75 
104,409,033.17 
6,615,425,387.70 
31.05.2016 
6,194,936,893.07 254,729,332.00 
76,175,256.17 
29,612,435.51 17,512,366.68 
14,504,503.16 
9,770,969.76 
66,843,450.30 
108,631,289.90 
6,664,085,206.65 
30.06.2016 
6,252,920,763.88 182,381,672.72 
20,882,907.97 
30,835,664.91 16,672,102.91 
12,564,188.36 
11,350,229.05 
66,356,806.10 
106,943,326.42 
6,593,964,335.90 
31.07.2016 
6,375,669,802.20 
44,733,446.17 
94,014,479.05 
33,965,757.44 19,930,398.25 
13,110,175.92 
10,350,009.71 
71,483,092.33 
114,873,676.21 
6,663,257,161.07 
31.08.2016 
6,267,223,897.19 257,336,666.95 
48,854,314.89 
26,454,520.69 14,524,813.73 
11,707,091.52 
8,075,574.29 
68,613,800.05 
102,921,279.59 
6,702,790,679.31 
30.09.2016 
6,348,804,461.11 208,028,399.42 
22,747,447.61 
25,676,888.64 16,881,279.22 
11,208,551.96 
9,348,878.06 
69,739,000.50 
107,177,709.74 
6,712,434,906.52 
31.10.2016 
6,026,741,862.41 554,892,883.49 
32,643,400.92 
30,732,076.52 15,237,376.20 
12,522,440.08 
8,873,466.10 
71,251,360.34 
107,884,642.72 
6,752,894,866.06 
30.11.2016 
6,376,979,282.13 287,460,559.88 
53,571,937.41 
15,756,396.83 15,952,522.89 
10,558,055.10 
10,147,356.35 
70,657,899.50 
107,315,833.84 
6,841,084,010.09 
31.12.2016 
6,459,279,511.57 169,645,761.60 108,748,423.21 
64,016,670.87 11,417,294.87 
13,148,888.48 
10,411,041.43 
70,502,641.55 
105,479,866.33 
6,907,170,233.58 
31.01.2017 
6,210,659,928.62 505,172,021.85 
40,823,532.29 
59,230,711.66 32,752,810.16 
8,407,431.36 
9,089,944.20 
67,630,514.14 
117,880,699.86 
6,933,766,894.28 
28.02.2017 
6,475,573,191.43 193,177,281.91 
45,333,357.59 
21,263,064.53 41,500,661.81 
16,201,317.72 
6,792,706.45 
69,005,454.71 
133,500,140.69 
6,868,847,036.15 
31.03.2017 
6,325,420,926.32 322,280,886.89 
96,716,219.70 
19,136,232.96 12,321,282.59 
37,101,973.98 
17,790,710.94 
66,702,483.33 
133,916,450.84 
6,897,470,716.71 
30.04.2017 
6,481,370,679.86 208,686,725.52 
37,804,278.76 
52,502,349.04 13,638,469.37 
9,831,049.50 
31,344,451.96 
75,415,307.20 
130,229,278.03 
6,910,593,311.21 
31.05.2017 
6,436,807,596.27 339,579,364.79 
50,272,041.97 
35,929,036.62 28,528,555.36 
11,644,210.34 
7,106,325.91 
90,669,260.00 
137,948,351.61 
7,000,536,391.26 
30.06.2017 
6,600,832,136.86 251,249,971.96 
23,560,044.29 
29,377,934.40 27,774,248.92 
21,191,217.75 
9,937,241.10 
86,222,575.03 
145,125,282.80 
7,050,145,370.31

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
 
Period 
Not delinquent 
1-30 days 
delinquent 
31-60 days  
delinquent 
61-90 days  
delinquent 
91-120 days  
delinquent 
121-150 days 
delinquent  
151-180 days 
delinquent  
>180 days 
delinquent 
> 90 days 
delinquent 
TOTAL 
31.07.2017 
6,752,347,763.78 135,992,665.51 
51,095,591.75 
34,658,976.34 20,900,037.82 
17,738,070.95 
9,709,264.72 
86,727,718.97 
135,075,092.46 
7,109,170,089.84 
31.08.2017 
6,616,991,121.38 296,112,012.51 
70,390,497.22 
28,814,428.04 21,263,195.84 
14,975,325.40 
13,090,472.80 
81,480,014.70 
130,809,008.74 
7,143,117,067.89 
30.09.2017 
6,702,513,145.69 191,930,484.55 
30,703,381.04 
32,466,088.07 20,146,835.17 
16,673,949.08 
11,631,689.48 
84,793,718.43 
133,246,192.16 
7,090,859,291.51 
31.10.2017 
6,709,216,855.92 164,683,156.72 
58,044,887.95 
34,729,529.75 19,360,790.57 
13,633,857.05 
11,244,035.18 
84,267,683.51 
128,506,366.31 
7,095,180,796.65 
30.11.2017 
6,884,261,209.99 110,138,125.12 
13,181,147.52 
23,224,637.16 16,350,323.59 
9,165,611.06 
8,094,578.08 
56,154,237.54 
89,764,750.27 
7,120,569,870.06 
31.12.2017 
6,749,225,696.26 137,519,006.68 
82,473,832.74 
31,133,748.83 17,623,970.73 
16,029,978.14 
8,038,347.01 
59,040,610.89 
100,732,906.77 
7,101,085,191.28 
31.01.2018 
6,680,160,637.00 243,217,403.46 
48,659,631.11 
24,178,819.62 14,405,751.52 
10,938,793.20 
10,802,908.18 
56,231,272.72 
92,378,725.62 
7,088,595,216.81 
28.02.2018 
6,674,014,701.70 195,462,275.52 
37,850,322.48 
22,787,903.02 13,663,517.28 
3,750,902.37 
8,094,774.98 
61,546,092.63 
87,055,287.26 
7,017,170,489.98 
31.03.2018 
6,666,585,119.83 134,243,335.31 
72,330,099.41 
20,640,576.83 
8,553,914.25 
10,265,345.13 
9,242,032.71 
62,344,330.94 
90,405,623.03 
6,984,204,754.41 
30.04.2018 
6,579,548,954.10 240,181,142.92 
23,835,967.50 
39,956,069.33 13,127,521.33 
5,536,425.00 
7,160,649.14 
62,512,586.47 
88,337,181.94 
6,971,859,315.79 
31.05.2018 
6,567,304,335.99 224,223,213.37 
42,258,909.98 
30,797,799.27 23,508,417.92 
3,838,501.07 
9,564,548.56 
61,724,506.54 
98,635,974.09 
6,963,220,232.70 
30.06.2018 
6,888,499,249.38 
94,374,718.84 
27,913,595.93 
30,103,705.62 25,426,773.51 
18,649,068.05 
3,548,392.27 
64,835,206.87 
112,459,440.70 
7,153,350,710.47 
31.07.2018 
6,818,406,971.17 228,685,432.68 
22,179,900.56 
23,415,210.70 12,726,674.21 
13,401,944.96 
8,100,517.56 
62,511,836.57 
96,740,973.30 
7,189,428,488.41 
31.08.2018 
6,977,440,945.99 162,802,766.01 
59,495,673.71 
11,161,716.13 15,130,484.14 
8,463,988.77 
9,247,806.64 
59,057,720.51 
91,900,000.06 
7,302,801,101.90 
30.09.2018 
6,959,114,295.10 105,866,930.93 
32,838,450.49 
33,606,564.63 
7,339,608.70 
11,459,101.77 
6,590,017.65 
60,842,499.91 
86,231,228.03 
7,217,657,469.18 
31.10.2018 
6,769,889,230.08 171,257,424.41 
41,584,183.56 
35,296,139.17 20,043,848.83 
5,101,835.47 
9,287,355.00 
61,002,801.97 
95,435,841.27 
7,113,462,818.49 
30.11.2018 
6,824,687,372.72 114,138,634.82 
15,001,347.16 
22,760,346.22 23,343,488.69 
14,420,172.14 
4,105,572.70 
62,882,942.03 
104,752,175.56 
7,081,339,876.48 
31.12.2018 
6,737,183,956.36 
58,524,086.54 111,789,285.15 
23,279,370.75 17,966,288.07 
19,853,682.94 
13,608,426.69 
62,013,493.23 
113,441,890.93 
7,044,218,589.73 
31.01.2019 
6,676,392,867.70 260,981,136.11 
38,801,091.92 
33,373,179.67 
9,824,920.84 
9,605,335.27 
13,724,023.19 
62,333,534.23 
95,487,813.53 
7,105,036,088.93 
28.02.2019 
6,696,391,185.75 197,803,187.10 
60,300,467.98 
17,869,489.42 12,657,561.27 
3,317,466.40 
8,106,054.80 
67,427,013.43 
91,508,095.90 
7,063,872,426.15 
31.03.2019 
6,736,473,227.21 179,631,990.55 
74,720,276.81 
39,287,235.46 
3,501,963.31 
15,369,169.10 
5,429,777.82 
67,796,773.83 
92,097,684.06 
7,122,210,414.09 
30.04.2019 
6,738,851,353.40 296,934,436.59 
22,414,034.79 
43,621,964.26 29,746,687.57 
2,713,022.42 
12,500,469.25 
64,016,179.15 
108,976,358.39 
7,210,798,147.43 
31.05.2019 
6,831,032,277.99 323,982,147.19 
59,407,386.40 
31,503,622.78 27,772,714.92 
19,412,153.56 
10,242,537.74 
70,763,015.35 
128,190,421.57 
7,374,115,855.93 
30.06.2019 
6,950,957,935.61 257,174,006.03 
67,133,884.44 
31,701,578.89 18,712,958.64 
21,726,004.10 
13,501,359.01 
74,079,598.56 
128,019,920.31 
7,434,987,325.28 
31.07.2019 
7,069,537,823.18 311,940,499.59 
64,712,655.33 
31,019,952.80 20,806,027.29 
10,900,271.48 
13,002,879.98 
81,217,619.19 
125,926,797.94 
7,603,137,728.84 
31.08.2019 
7,111,860,798.34 352,551,057.80 105,627,402.83 
30,458,107.15 23,441,258.49 
17,280,629.11 
8,507,938.50 
86,350,490.11 
135,580,316.21 
7,736,077,682.33 
30.09.2019 
7,328,437,598.98 201,939,990.51 
39,446,176.03 
39,250,906.21 15,651,523.90 
11,079,627.12 
11,544,349.66 
78,646,161.46 
116,921,662.14 
7,725,996,333.87 
31.10.2019 
7,290,870,143.73 225,993,207.22 
73,373,128.49 
44,757,164.27 28,908,477.75 
12,917,360.24 
11,370,083.82 
84,544,866.83 
137,740,788.64 
7,772,734,432.35 
30.11.2019 
7,407,869,406.82 271,305,835.62 
23,227,044.55 
42,586,072.47 29,608,612.13 
22,460,116.32 
9,987,961.12 
87,443,523.18 
149,500,212.75 
7,894,488,572.21 
31.12.2019 
7,460,236,057.57 197,536,208.07 
87,975,581.55 
41,688,053.74 27,824,908.73 
18,591,637.73 
18,102,597.45 
85,512,004.76 
150,031,148.67 
7,937,467,049.60 
31.01.2020 
7,559,411,019.62 249,860,008.24 
83,296,712.65 
40,443,430.06 26,607,832.20 
19,052,701.22 
13,393,341.26 
94,165,577.07 
153,219,451.75 
8,086,230,622.32 
29.02.2020 
7,690,398,095.14 171,791,476.88 
81,023,259.22 
15,993,066.43 25,778,474.82 
18,983,996.31 
13,139,251.01 
95,317,559.64 
153,219,281.78 
8,112,425,179.45 
31.03.2020 
7,688,371,349.80 264,428,911.76 
94,830,987.21 
25,179,266.99 22,736,481.02 
17,773,032.27 
14,723,792.54 
94,160,243.94 
149,393,549.77 
8,222,204,065.53 
30.04.2020 
7,635,935,815.07 306,562,888.60 
45,372,924.53 
50,390,525.16 16,050,952.45 
18,287,859.96 
15,001,130.88 100,543,259.86 
149,883,203.15 
8,188,145,356.51 
31.05.2020 
7,463,936,035.52 216,375,214.38 162,521,304.07 101,227,989.05 29,611,330.15 
22,847,037.30 
14,380,761.88 103,540,303.41 
170,379,432.74 
8,114,439,975.76 
30.06.2020 
7,524,034,348.67 279,492,448.44 
28,019,034.90 
60,843,924.22 45,079,648.27 
19,782,183.64 
16,181,787.22 102,478,681.89 
183,522,301.02 
8,075,912,057.25 
31.07.2020 
7,534,514,653.40 331,977,399.71 
90,979,339.69 
49,101,988.46 38,562,810.64 
29,310,671.71 
14,478,698.54 105,442,008.68 
187,794,189.57 
8,194,367,570.83 
31.08.2020 
7,686,407,881.87 330,874,151.12 
86,452,380.78 
45,227,836.24 28,541,778.75 
21,130,996.63 
16,078,148.76 108,148,012.22 
173,898,936.36 
8,322,861,186.37 
30.09.2020 
7,822,605,858.45 281,205,171.75 
31,918,293.93 
37,841,653.24 28,557,169.77 
16,001,187.98 
15,587,598.31 107,581,417.10 
167,727,373.16 
8,341,298,350.53 
31.10.2020 
7,907,702,428.27 186,042,663.87 
72,593,129.61 
28,059,785.96 24,473,670.40 
20,471,271.34 
11,304,711.10 108,480,399.89 
164,730,052.73 
8,359,128,060.44 
30.11.2020 
7,973,736,367.91 275,883,327.13 
25,259,907.20 
37,053,637.63 18,930,043.17 
17,844,680.14 
17,078,091.54 106,440,661.20 
160,293,476.05 
8,472,226,715.92 
31.12.2020 
8,132,586,073.32 
79,056,185.39 
93,557,695.66 
32,849,290.76 20,526,032.43 
14,664,569.66 
14,917,525.99 110,139,897.93 
160,248,026.01 
8,498,297,271.14 
31.01.2021 
8,028,412,568.42 208,672,941.19 
75,981,200.40 
32,518,241.37 20,414,735.39 
12,805,124.52 
11,948,695.39 108,296,574.25 
153,465,129.55 
8,499,050,080.93 
28.02.2021 18,804,928,583.41 403,901,192.65 138,735,457.76 282,472,676.71 18,819,318.02 
8,868,187.63 
13,245,863.00 110,642,275.19 
151,575,643.84 19,781,613,554.37

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
 
Period 
Not delinquent 
1-30 days 
delinquent 
31-60 days  
delinquent 
61-90 days  
delinquent 
91-120 days  
delinquent 
121-150 days 
delinquent  
151-180 days 
delinquent  
>180 days 
delinquent 
> 90 days 
delinquent 
TOTAL 
31.03.2021 19,014,625,872.62 325,198,049.48 110,166,702.58 
51,829,990.60 72,836,235.74 
13,956,471.24 
11,850,484.85 104,545,613.54 
203,188,805.37 19,705,009,420.65 
30.04.2021 19,291,604,194.80 306,244,599.88 
33,391,263.48 
37,028,364.55 19,004,392.33 
28,493,863.19 
11,204,628.51 112,020,171.47 
170,723,055.50 19,838,991,478.21 
31.05.2021 19,205,415,024.52 374,984,976.77 
80,756,327.86 
21,480,254.83 20,407,983.31 
13,547,511.81 
23,307,754.04 108,507,924.45 
165,771,173.61 19,848,407,757.59 
30.06.2021 19,250,166,046.42 355,621,094.83 106,918,728.00 
44,283,509.65 11,686,977.24 
14,006,209.62 
10,764,708.33 114,268,002.25 
150,725,897.44 19,907,715,276.34 
31.07.2021 19,241,099,627.86 331,670,586.90 140,458,238.90 
91,702,775.73 19,843,323.07 
8,935,158.08 
7,266,646.42 108,175,823.15 
144,220,950.72 19,949,152,180.11 
31.08.2021 19,160,655,260.07 503,747,425.62 
42,561,177.16 
67,220,533.36 30,381,748.71 
21,694,827.46 
5,627,285.52 
97,201,239.49 
154,905,101.18 19,929,089,497.39 
30.09.2021 19,262,107,162.61 282,818,714.24 108,611,552.22 
18,963,982.96 39,725,801.24 
19,628,294.97 
16,743,686.38 
92,086,159.53 
168,183,942.12 19,840,685,354.15 
31.10.2021 19,236,618,224.62 193,929,101.96 
49,097,568.27 
79,279,723.42 31,076,223.68 
31,805,878.66 
16,313,542.41 
96,824,747.90 
176,020,392.65 19,734,945,010.92 
30.11.2021 19,238,792,254.00 171,622,804.04 
39,668,057.68 
13,611,641.19 32,849,035.68 
17,738,699.05 
25,026,980.88 
90,920,983.46 
166,535,699.07 19,630,230,455.98 
31.12.2021 19,252,537,828.80 
88,494,316.98 
84,352,987.09 
38,815,610.63 
7,386,697.54 
10,233,317.36 
7,678,694.24 100,234,960.10 
125,533,669.24 19,589,734,412.74 
31.01.2022 19,091,161,394.37 272,980,017.17 
18,778,767.57 
29,390,456.68 20,664,823.46 
5,928,510.48 
6,573,334.79 
97,463,198.74 
130,629,867.47 19,542,940,503.26 
28.02.2022 19,155,980,366.67 181,246,928.30 
45,010,814.07 
18,844,071.27 
9,908,022.45 
12,344,875.78 
5,374,758.37 
91,836,901.01 
119,464,557.61 19,520,546,737.92 
31.03.2022 19,183,767,088.54 165,705,860.39 
67,335,678.39 
21,954,903.92 
6,645,795.23 
11,408,911.94 
7,808,145.42 
76,573,662.30 
102,436,514.89 19,541,200,046.13 
30.04.2022 19,101,718,335.91 228,981,251.89 
34,694,241.27 
36,146,287.23 13,622,517.57 
5,370,576.14 
8,313,424.92 
73,695,874.68 
101,002,393.31 19,502,542,509.61 
31.05.2022 18,790,691,891.10 455,867,879.27 
54,578,641.26 
19,113,344.60 19,596,162.82 
10,626,076.13 
4,718,225.87 
73,635,051.61 
108,575,516.43 19,428,827,272.66 
30.06.2022 19,119,097,727.18 136,638,307.86 
37,864,890.58 
27,145,295.76 10,560,476.45 
14,480,677.54 
6,899,241.05 
71,644,150.58 
103,584,545.62 19,424,330,767.00 
31.07.2022 18,905,697,465.47 366,361,726.18 
26,617,690.21 
31,827,125.82 24,345,650.27 
6,355,375.28 
9,336,401.56 
73,416,203.72 
113,453,630.83 19,443,957,638.51 
31.08.2022 19,101,239,378.69 198,420,403.40 
44,140,425.90 
14,126,126.70 14,330,099.34 
10,695,281.89 
4,090,170.25 
74,722,475.58 
103,838,027.06 19,461,764,361.75 
30.09.2022 19,074,147,856.46 229,661,088.53 
46,063,515.63 
23,967,609.25 
8,477,778.61 
10,351,250.66 
9,029,520.29 
73,085,579.73 
100,944,129.29 19,474,784,199.16 
31.10.2022 19,045,357,448.52 279,310,088.80 
35,535,404.30 
50,019,238.13 23,856,793.70 
6,889,719.11 
8,775,827.41 
77,738,864.22 
117,261,204.44 19,527,483,384.19 
30.11.2022 19,132,152,424.68 340,221,387.69 
60,531,873.85 
22,165,359.32 23,621,168.79 
16,868,788.53 
5,519,345.79 
78,831,252.16 
124,840,555.27 19,679,911,600.81 
31.12.2022 19,603,844,720.01 
83,834,257.58 103,511,370.13 
54,319,993.01 13,999,120.57 
17,410,519.75 
10,524,953.92 
80,452,325.94 
122,386,920.18 19,967,897,260.91 
31.01.2023 19,609,876,846.81 220,549,505.24 
23,944,392.55 
39,951,997.81 32,827,843.57 
11,416,256.98 
12,828,128.34 
81,511,206.50 
138,583,435.39 20,032,906,177.80 
28.02.2023 19,534,983,847.03 349,155,284.20 
55,186,402.70 
27,368,517.01 15,811,902.77 
16,742,448.65 
9,967,220.36 
85,528,764.55 
128,050,336.33 20,094,744,387.27 
31.03.2023 19,796,468,389.42 192,206,908.62 
89,383,734.59 
35,677,229.30 
9,752,258.85 
13,526,738.08 
18,966,968.01 
87,966,404.85 
130,212,369.79 20,243,948,631.72 
30.04.2023 19,688,242,176.68 406,745,579.10 
49,673,457.37 
51,050,061.45 23,655,764.17 
7,979,269.07 
10,735,162.66 
55,040,763.97 
97,410,959.87 20,293,122,234.47 
31.05.2023 20,113,685,857.57 185,847,889.67 
61,670,406.70 
22,354,868.22 47,362,858.43 
18,169,116.73 
6,267,368.66 100,853,996.54 
172,653,340.36 20,556,212,362.52 
30.06.2023 20,304,492,838.64 214,192,093.19 
47,260,114.28 
35,913,268.74 15,063,183.08 
40,734,265.87 
15,666,103.81 
99,364,162.45 
170,827,715.21 20,772,686,030.06 
31.07.2023 20,574,267,200.08 172,226,275.41 
26,800,175.91 
33,971,382.10 32,290,153.05 
10,083,512.40 
30,186,023.02 110,605,350.73 
183,165,039.20 20,990,430,072.70 
31.08.2023 20,775,401,213.99 161,620,762.23 131,778,468.89 
15,468,096.10 19,767,016.06 
21,642,237.54 
11,638,466.05 122,511,121.94 
175,558,841.59 21,259,827,382.80 
30.09.2023 20,964,831,401.31 263,734,993.50 
34,591,630.65 
40,672,995.64 10,339,875.43 
14,110,749.22 
17,848,984.70 122,100,522.12 
164,400,131.47 21,468,231,152.57 
31.10.2023 21,218,142,153.01 219,378,483.31 
52,354,866.52 
15,279,790.73 17,173,715.59 
12,958,681.38 
10,015,604.02 127,600,155.08 
167,748,156.07 21,672,903,449.64 
30.11.2023 21,296,771,173.98 344,970,673.80 
58,266,254.69 
30,551,795.67 11,371,501.01 
13,309,536.37 
10,507,685.86 127,853,607.36 
163,042,330.60 21,893,602,228.74 
31.12.2023 21,560,626,340.92 210,038,261.54 108,006,869.56 
52,768,039.32 23,499,745.71 
10,469,375.64 
11,060,760.42 130,137,500.51 
175,167,382.28 22,106,606,893.62 
31.01.2024 21,716,139,134.86 301,896,650.14 
70,669,722.21 
40,479,372.11 36,685,174.82 
18,255,090.55 
8,494,441.48 129,630,337.82 
193,065,044.67 22,322,249,923.99 
29.02.2024 22,003,926,229.64 194,089,634.18 
60,151,415.95 
35,311,537.09 32,806,248.44 
24,650,093.05 
15,528,186.73 129,738,941.30 
202,723,469.52 22,496,202,286.38 
31.03.2024 22,001,529,989.35 334,639,866.41 
77,678,398.62 
31,877,678.94 28,962,268.25 
26,864,606.34 
21,874,212.56 135,918,378.92 
213,619,466.07 22,659,345,399.39 
30.04.2024 22,168,403,354.05 352,005,942.70 
78,360,721.48 
39,449,151.04 24,247,887.29 
25,248,387.21 
23,096,857.31 149,292,830.66 
221,885,962.47 22,860,105,131.74 
31.05.2024 22,350,156,274.88 321,841,304.40 
51,515,727.37 
44,820,843.36 19,249,279.65 
20,373,669.70 
31,908,025.29 160,154,896.66 
231,685,871.30 23,000,020,021.31 
30.06.2024 22,604,094,749.59 259,430,153.34 
77,115,522.85 
30,679,251.84 29,043,004.39 
12,789,218.81 
17,872,743.38 183,205,158.59 
242,910,125.17 23,214,229,802.79

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0,00%
1,00%
2,00%
3,00%
4,00%
5,00%
6,00%
7,00%
8,00%
12.2013
03.2014
06.2014
09.2014
12.2014
03.2015
06.2015
09.2015
12.2015
03.2016
06.2016
09.2016
12.2016
03.2017
06.2017
09.2017
12.2017
03.2018
06.2018
09.2018
12.2018
03.2019
06.2019
09.2019
12.2019
03.2020
06.2020
09.2020
12.2020
03.2021
06.2021
09.2021
12.2021
03.2022
06.2022
09.2022
12.2022
03.2023
06.2023
09.2023
12.2023
03.2024
06.2024
Delinquencies
Period
1-30 days delinquent
31-60 days delinquent
61-90 days delinquent
> 90 days delinquent

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
 
Total Portfolio (Lease Receivables) 
The net losses data displayed below are in static format and show the cumulative net losses realised after 
the specified number of months since origination, for each portfolio of leases originated in a particular quarter, 
expressed as a percentage of the original lease balance of that portfolio. Net losses are calculated by 
deducting the vehicle sales proceeds as well as any other recoveries from the outstanding balances of the 
respective leases up to the final write-off of the lease (net losses are shown in the month where the write-off 
of the Lease Contract has been carried out by the Seller).

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
 
Cumulative monthly net losses on Lease Receivables (in percentages) – Total Portfolio 
Age 
01.2019 
02.2019 
03.2019 
04.2019 
05.2019 
06.2019 
07.2019 
08.2019 
09.2019 
10.2019 
11.2019 
12.2019 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
1,021,446,95
1.21 EUR 
1,050,378,73
9.50 EUR 
1,290,390,17
0.75 EUR 
1,204,839,58
1.51 EUR 
1,308,087,40
3.19 EUR 
1,198,678,62
2.46 EUR 
1,436,036,99
2.01 EUR 
1,229,276,52
9.31 EUR 
878,221,25
3.07 EUR 
1,323,854,83
0.81 EUR 
1,457,755,63
0.03 EUR 
1,232,949,64
8.55 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
36,600 
37,534 
44,944 
42,654 
46,159 
42,236 
49,861 
42,433 
29,746 
45,944 
50,644 
41,829 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2019 
02.2019 
03.2019 
04.2019 
05.2019 
06.2019 
07.2019 
08.2019 
09.2019 
10.2019 
11.2019 
12.2019 
1 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
2 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
3 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
4 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
5 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
6 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
7 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00014 % 
0.00003 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00186 % 
0.00000 % 
8 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00008 % 
0.00014 % 
0.00003 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00186 % 
0.00105 % 
9 
0.00000 % 
0.00153 % 
0.00020 % 
0.00056 % 
0.00008 % 
0.00042 % 
0.00224 % 
0.00531 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00086 % 
0.00204 % 
0.00167 % 
10 
0.00006 % 
0.00202 % 
0.00067 % 
0.00056 % 
0.00054 % 
0.00042 % 
0.00539 % 
0.00531 % 
0.00141 % 
0.00179 % 
0.00386 % 
0.00302 % 
11 
0.00060 % 
0.00244 % 
0.00214 % 
0.00095 % 
0.00085 % 
0.00244 % 
0.00624 % 
0.00565 % 
0.01084 % 
0.00284 % 
0.00386 % 
0.00359 % 
12 
0.00107 % 
0.00257 % 
0.00442 % 
0.00095 % 
0.00433 % 
0.00481 % 
0.01002 % 
0.01300 % 
0.01121 % 
0.00291 % 
0.01276 % 
0.00480 % 
13 
0.00452 % 
0.00647 % 
0.00515 % 
0.00274 % 
0.00522 % 
0.00734 % 
0.01848 % 
0.01300 % 
0.01121 % 
0.00807 % 
0.01385 % 
0.00556 % 
14 
0.00677 % 
0.00753 % 
0.00761 % 
0.00755 % 
0.01014 % 
0.01088 % 
0.01965 % 
0.01392 % 
0.01635 % 
0.00998 % 
0.01796 % 
0.00834 % 
15 
0.00728 % 
0.01080 % 
0.01052 % 
0.01626 % 
0.01230 % 
0.01629 % 
0.02438 % 
0.01572 % 
0.01878 % 
0.01997 % 
0.01807 % 
0.01038 % 
16 
0.01160 % 
0.01422 % 
0.01525 % 
0.02854 % 
0.02624 % 
0.01959 % 
0.02968 % 
0.02081 % 
0.02180 % 
0.02241 % 
0.01954 % 
0.01801 % 
17 
0.01594 % 
0.01913 % 
0.02022 % 
0.03534 % 
0.02768 % 
0.02233 % 
0.03092 % 
0.02556 % 
0.02538 % 
0.02399 % 
0.02209 % 
0.02006 % 
18 
0.02210 % 
0.02660 % 
0.02084 % 
0.03704 % 
0.03144 % 
0.02428 % 
0.04644 % 
0.03233 % 
0.02880 % 
0.02536 % 
0.02215 % 
0.02212 % 
19 
0.02660 % 
0.03224 % 
0.02485 % 
0.04226 % 
0.03633 % 
0.03731 % 
0.05271 % 
0.03481 % 
0.02995 % 
0.02900 % 
0.02281 % 
0.02464 % 
20 
0.03256 % 
0.03823 % 
0.03489 % 
0.04518 % 
0.05324 % 
0.04309 % 
0.06232 % 
0.03831 % 
0.03154 % 
0.03194 % 
0.02499 % 
0.02982 % 
21 
0.03828 % 
0.04661 % 
0.03987 % 
0.05564 % 
0.05757 % 
0.05682 % 
0.06364 % 
0.03841 % 
0.03345 % 
0.03357 % 
0.03519 % 
0.03503 % 
22 
0.04467 % 
0.05569 % 
0.04759 % 
0.07663 % 
0.06377 % 
0.06003 % 
0.06599 % 
0.04055 % 
0.03818 % 
0.04565 % 
0.04015 % 
0.04468 % 
23 
0.04752 % 
0.06136 % 
0.05393 % 
0.08327 % 
0.06768 % 
0.06387 % 
0.06808 % 
0.05496 % 
0.05338 % 
0.05052 % 
0.04636 % 
0.05969 % 
24 
0.05538 % 
0.06783 % 
0.07261 % 
0.08683 % 
0.07131 % 
0.06996 % 
0.07546 % 
0.06752 % 
0.05868 % 
0.05426 % 
0.06011 % 
0.06393 % 
25 
0.06621 % 
0.08447 % 
0.07520 % 
0.08826 % 
0.07798 % 
0.07077 % 
0.08688 % 
0.08533 % 
0.06557 % 
0.07546 % 
0.06505 % 
0.06707 % 
26 
0.07082 % 
0.08864 % 
0.08496 % 
0.09403 % 
0.08977 % 
0.08326 % 
0.09136 % 
0.09582 % 
0.07093 % 
0.08177 % 
0.08022 % 
0.07449 % 
27 
0.07262 % 
0.08904 % 
0.08822 % 
0.09644 % 
0.10000 % 
0.09129 % 
0.09924 % 
0.09649 % 
0.07430 % 
0.08749 % 
0.08366 % 
0.08007 % 
28 
0.07757 % 
0.09304 % 
0.09055 % 
0.10468 % 
0.10363 % 
0.10107 % 
0.10202 % 
0.10140 % 
0.07723 % 
0.09019 % 
0.09572 % 
0.08471 % 
29 
0.08081 % 
0.09877 % 
0.10204 % 
0.10986 % 
0.10559 % 
0.10362 % 
0.11988 % 
0.10501 % 
0.08164 % 
0.09321 % 
0.10117 % 
0.08608 % 
30 
0.08189 % 
0.11214 % 
0.11138 % 
0.11055 % 
0.11001 % 
0.10610 % 
0.12474 % 
0.11196 % 
0.08351 % 
0.09490 % 
0.11136 % 
0.10720 %

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
 
Age 
01.2019 
02.2019 
03.2019 
04.2019 
05.2019 
06.2019 
07.2019 
08.2019 
09.2019 
10.2019 
11.2019 
12.2019 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
1,021,446,95
1.21 EUR 
1,050,378,73
9.50 EUR 
1,290,390,17
0.75 EUR 
1,204,839,58
1.51 EUR 
1,308,087,40
3.19 EUR 
1,198,678,62
2.46 EUR 
1,436,036,99
2.01 EUR 
1,229,276,52
9.31 EUR 
878,221,25
3.07 EUR 
1,323,854,83
0.81 EUR 
1,457,755,63
0.03 EUR 
1,232,949,64
8.55 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
36,600 
37,534 
44,944 
42,654 
46,159 
42,236 
49,861 
42,433 
29,746 
45,944 
50,644 
41,829 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2019 
02.2019 
03.2019 
04.2019 
05.2019 
06.2019 
07.2019 
08.2019 
09.2019 
10.2019 
11.2019 
12.2019 
31 
0.09618 % 
0.13632 % 
0.11711 % 
0.11916 % 
0.11587 % 
0.10970 % 
0.12722 % 
0.11930 % 
0.08872 % 
0.09626 % 
0.11383 % 
0.11254 % 
32 
0.10200 % 
0.14062 % 
0.13229 % 
0.12541 % 
0.11875 % 
0.12341 % 
0.12955 % 
0.13062 % 
0.09544 % 
0.10024 % 
0.11383 % 
0.13443 % 
33 
0.10574 % 
0.15168 % 
0.13643 % 
0.13122 % 
0.12315 % 
0.13095 % 
0.13517 % 
0.15068 % 
0.10424 % 
0.10607 % 
0.11810 % 
0.14308 % 
34 
0.11543 % 
0.15581 % 
0.14194 % 
0.13921 % 
0.12460 % 
0.13796 % 
0.13994 % 
0.15152 % 
0.10594 % 
0.11250 % 
0.12053 % 
0.14920 % 
35 
0.12698 % 
0.16237 % 
0.14420 % 
0.14318 % 
0.14301 % 
0.14179 % 
0.14033 % 
0.15160 % 
0.11311 % 
0.11605 % 
0.12190 % 
0.15086 % 
36 
0.12830 % 
0.16427 % 
0.14854 % 
0.14655 % 
0.14581 % 
0.14349 % 
0.14509 % 
0.16079 % 
0.12231 % 
0.11929 % 
0.12213 % 
0.15304 % 
37 
0.13257 % 
0.16924 % 
0.14935 % 
0.15274 % 
0.15062 % 
0.14503 % 
0.15484 % 
0.16537 % 
0.12715 % 
0.12044 % 
0.12788 % 
0.15650 % 
38 
0.14231 % 
0.17359 % 
0.15407 % 
0.15662 % 
0.15147 % 
0.15540 % 
0.16022 % 
0.16622 % 
0.12862 % 
0.12408 % 
0.13103 % 
0.16221 % 
39 
0.15740 % 
0.17671 % 
0.16082 % 
0.15700 % 
0.15708 % 
0.15820 % 
0.16341 % 
0.16715 % 
0.13201 % 
0.12630 % 
0.13382 % 
0.16326 % 
40 
0.16309 % 
0.17991 % 
0.16440 % 
0.16035 % 
0.15786 % 
0.15878 % 
0.16702 % 
0.17088 % 
0.13376 % 
0.12737 % 
0.13560 % 
0.16710 % 
41 
0.16895 % 
0.17991 % 
0.17668 % 
0.16303 % 
0.15963 % 
0.15878 % 
0.17150 % 
0.17714 % 
0.13810 % 
0.13839 % 
0.13999 % 
0.17012 % 
42 
0.16969 % 
0.18518 % 
0.17977 % 
0.16709 % 
0.16174 % 
0.16163 % 
0.17251 % 
0.17806 % 
0.14790 % 
0.14050 % 
0.14451 % 
0.17088 % 
43 
0.18116 % 
0.19530 % 
0.18375 % 
0.16825 % 
0.16577 % 
0.16330 % 
0.17703 % 
0.17908 % 
0.16706 % 
0.14189 % 
0.15034 % 
0.17264 % 
44 
0.18641 % 
0.19775 % 
0.18411 % 
0.16890 % 
0.16789 % 
0.16496 % 
0.18349 % 
0.18905 % 
0.16811 % 
0.14348 % 
0.15280 % 
0.17768 % 
45 
0.19163 % 
0.19919 % 
0.19095 % 
0.17524 % 
0.17136 % 
0.16955 % 
0.18433 % 
0.18928 % 
0.16864 % 
0.15210 % 
0.15628 % 
0.18207 % 
46 
0.19505 % 
0.20472 % 
0.19724 % 
0.17727 % 
0.17467 % 
0.17718 % 
0.18744 % 
0.19172 % 
0.16926 % 
0.15487 % 
0.16039 % 
0.19238 % 
47 
0.19686 % 
0.20936 % 
0.19977 % 
0.18281 % 
0.18161 % 
0.17940 % 
0.19015 % 
0.19463 % 
0.17174 % 
0.16019 % 
0.16526 % 
0.19347 % 
48 
0.20122 % 
0.21019 % 
0.20721 % 
0.18589 % 
0.18545 % 
0.18082 % 
0.19723 % 
0.19532 % 
0.17558 % 
0.16437 % 
0.16597 % 
0.19884 % 
49 
0.20285 % 
0.21123 % 
0.21162 % 
0.18647 % 
0.18623 % 
0.18335 % 
0.20072 % 
0.19738 % 
0.18197 % 
0.16974 % 
0.17096 % 
0.20077 % 
50 
0.20511 % 
0.21375 % 
0.21178 % 
0.18983 % 
0.18980 % 
0.18760 % 
0.20534 % 
0.19834 % 
0.18767 % 
0.17248 % 
0.17465 % 
0.20342 % 
51 
0.20793 % 
0.21549 % 
0.21437 % 
0.19560 % 
0.19202 % 
0.19148 % 
0.20699 % 
0.19973 % 
0.18966 % 
0.17471 % 
0.17806 % 
0.20798 % 
52 
0.20848 % 
0.21945 % 
0.21878 % 
0.19984 % 
0.19848 % 
0.19203 % 
0.20979 % 
0.20309 % 
0.19837 % 
0.18313 % 
0.17874 % 
0.20988 % 
53 
0.21187 % 
0.22461 % 
0.22384 % 
0.20661 % 
0.19936 % 
0.19221 % 
0.21355 % 
0.20408 % 
0.20066 % 
0.19602 % 
0.18422 % 
0.22052 % 
54 
0.21371 % 
0.23040 % 
0.23011 % 
0.20754 % 
0.19982 % 
0.19547 % 
0.21619 % 
0.20608 % 
0.20331 % 
0.20087 % 
0.19060 % 
0.22119 % 
55 
0.21843 % 
0.23757 % 
0.23165 % 
0.20909 % 
0.20454 % 
0.20160 % 
0.21953 % 
0.20612 % 
0.20873 % 
0.20602 % 
0.19224 % 
0.22257 % 
56 
0.22268 % 
0.23915 % 
0.23344 % 
0.21400 % 
0.20903 % 
0.20638 % 
0.22503 % 
0.20967 % 
0.21403 % 
0.20752 % 
0.19388 % 
  
57 
0.22300 % 
0.24045 % 
0.23553 % 
0.21613 % 
0.21140 % 
0.20703 % 
0.22636 % 
0.21548 % 
0.21638 % 
0.20869 % 
  
  
58 
0.22418 % 
0.24598 % 
0.24133 % 
0.21923 % 
0.21236 % 
0.21003 % 
0.22910 % 
0.21781 % 
0.22242 % 
  
  
  
59 
0.22754 % 
0.24624 % 
0.24590 % 
0.22063 % 
0.21580 % 
0.21771 % 
0.23377 % 
0.21995 % 
  
  
  
  
60 
0.23216 % 
0.24875 % 
0.24727 % 
0.22314 % 
0.22263 % 
0.22116 % 
0.23480 % 
  
  
  
  
  
61 
0.23318 % 
0.25242 % 
0.25121 % 
0.22496 % 
0.22325 % 
0.22441 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
62 
0.23352 % 
0.25923 % 
0.25370 % 
0.22600 % 
0.22383 %

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
 
Age 
01.2019 
02.2019 
03.2019 
04.2019 
05.2019 
06.2019 
07.2019 
08.2019 
09.2019 
10.2019 
11.2019 
12.2019 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
1,021,446,95
1.21 EUR 
1,050,378,73
9.50 EUR 
1,290,390,17
0.75 EUR 
1,204,839,58
1.51 EUR 
1,308,087,40
3.19 EUR 
1,198,678,62
2.46 EUR 
1,436,036,99
2.01 EUR 
1,229,276,52
9.31 EUR 
878,221,25
3.07 EUR 
1,323,854,83
0.81 EUR 
1,457,755,63
0.03 EUR 
1,232,949,64
8.55 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
36,600 
37,534 
44,944 
42,654 
46,159 
42,236 
49,861 
42,433 
29,746 
45,944 
50,644 
41,829 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2019 
02.2019 
03.2019 
04.2019 
05.2019 
06.2019 
07.2019 
08.2019 
09.2019 
10.2019 
11.2019 
12.2019 
63 
0.23653 % 
0.26369 % 
0.26241 % 
0.22727 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
64 
0.23924 % 
0.26451 % 
0.26530 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
65 
0.24067 % 
0.26670 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
66 
0.24262 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Age 
01.2020 
02.2020 
03.2020 
04.2020 
05.2020 
06.2020 
07.2020 
08.2020 
09.2020 
10.2020 
11.2020 
12.2020 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
1,267,051,86
2.27 EUR 
1,255,355,63
7.33 EUR 
1,258,311,71
3.73 EUR 
803,756,30
6.15 EUR 
943,277,67
5.90 EUR 
1,198,725,67
7.00 EUR 
1,730,671,14
1.67 EUR 
1,367,050,61
7.33 EUR 
1,303,322,19
0.41 EUR 
1,423,610,78
5.77 EUR 
1,456,117,18
2.78 EUR 
1,512,381,88
2.99 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
44,343 
44,460 
43,184 
27,285 
31,445 
41,826 
59,769 
46,914 
43,834 
48,364 
49,851 
50,289 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2020 
02.2020 
03.2020 
04.2020 
05.2020 
06.2020 
07.2020 
08.2020 
09.2020 
10.2020 
11.2020 
12.2020 
1 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
2 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
3 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
4 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
5 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
6 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00008 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00015 % 
7 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00008 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00015 % 
8 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00008 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00005 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00015 % 
9 
0.00153 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00017 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00005 % 
0.00030 % 
0.00053 % 
0.00007 % 
0.00017 % 
10 
0.00160 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00010 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00017 % 
0.00015 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00125 % 
0.00057 % 
0.00058 % 
0.00091 % 
0.00037 % 
11 
0.00165 % 
0.00359 % 
0.00038 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00090 % 
0.00015 % 
0.00136 % 
0.00127 % 
0.00215 % 
0.00089 % 
0.00091 % 
0.00037 % 
12 
0.00501 % 
0.00373 % 
0.00043 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00090 % 
0.00172 % 
0.00434 % 
0.00281 % 
0.00248 % 
0.00089 % 
0.00266 % 
0.00298 % 
13 
0.00501 % 
0.00517 % 
0.00043 % 
0.00005 % 
0.00105 % 
0.00199 % 
0.00547 % 
0.01012 % 
0.00577 % 
0.00181 % 
0.00290 % 
0.00437 % 
14 
0.00567 % 
0.00542 % 
0.00148 % 
0.00005 % 
0.00116 % 
0.00769 % 
0.00747 % 
0.01144 % 
0.00774 % 
0.01018 % 
0.00290 % 
0.00484 % 
15 
0.00569 % 
0.00636 % 
0.00324 % 
0.00297 % 
0.01008 % 
0.01166 % 
0.00804 % 
0.01215 % 
0.01023 % 
0.01335 % 
0.00711 % 
0.00484 % 
16 
0.00640 % 
0.01309 % 
0.00420 % 
0.00595 % 
0.01217 % 
0.01314 % 
0.00889 % 
0.01218 % 
0.01358 % 
0.01447 % 
0.01042 % 
0.01050 % 
17 
0.00908 % 
0.01553 % 
0.01166 % 
0.01502 % 
0.01906 % 
0.01813 % 
0.01071 % 
0.01643 % 
0.01414 % 
0.01475 % 
0.01310 % 
0.01233 % 
18 
0.00992 % 
0.02482 % 
0.01275 % 
0.01703 % 
0.03267 % 
0.02226 % 
0.02055 % 
0.02000 % 
0.01615 % 
0.01530 % 
0.01670 % 
0.01538 % 
19 
0.01319 % 
0.03189 % 
0.01586 % 
0.02121 % 
0.03529 % 
0.02460 % 
0.02710 % 
0.02132 % 
0.01767 % 
0.01537 % 
0.01753 % 
0.01802 % 
20 
0.01466 % 
0.03484 % 
0.01860 % 
0.02316 % 
0.03679 % 
0.02612 % 
0.02949 % 
0.02720 % 
0.02264 % 
0.01596 % 
0.01763 % 
0.02271 % 
21 
0.02240 % 
0.03757 % 
0.02353 % 
0.02663 % 
0.03916 % 
0.03163 % 
0.03075 % 
0.02915 % 
0.02344 % 
0.01692 % 
0.01815 % 
0.02417 %

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
 
Age 
01.2020 
02.2020 
03.2020 
04.2020 
05.2020 
06.2020 
07.2020 
08.2020 
09.2020 
10.2020 
11.2020 
12.2020 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
1,267,051,86
2.27 EUR 
1,255,355,63
7.33 EUR 
1,258,311,71
3.73 EUR 
803,756,30
6.15 EUR 
943,277,67
5.90 EUR 
1,198,725,67
7.00 EUR 
1,730,671,14
1.67 EUR 
1,367,050,61
7.33 EUR 
1,303,322,19
0.41 EUR 
1,423,610,78
5.77 EUR 
1,456,117,18
2.78 EUR 
1,512,381,88
2.99 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
44,343 
44,460 
43,184 
27,285 
31,445 
41,826 
59,769 
46,914 
43,834 
48,364 
49,851 
50,289 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2020 
02.2020 
03.2020 
04.2020 
05.2020 
06.2020 
07.2020 
08.2020 
09.2020 
10.2020 
11.2020 
12.2020 
22 
0.02304 % 
0.04134 % 
0.02716 % 
0.06306 % 
0.03995 % 
0.03405 % 
0.03374 % 
0.03054 % 
0.02344 % 
0.02091 % 
0.01829 % 
0.02619 % 
23 
0.03131 % 
0.04730 % 
0.02838 % 
0.07092 % 
0.04363 % 
0.03508 % 
0.03474 % 
0.04344 % 
0.03525 % 
0.02313 % 
0.01897 % 
0.02622 % 
24 
0.03534 % 
0.05143 % 
0.03398 % 
0.07827 % 
0.04601 % 
0.03542 % 
0.03650 % 
0.04457 % 
0.03640 % 
0.02402 % 
0.01897 % 
0.02856 % 
25 
0.03651 % 
0.05798 % 
0.03883 % 
0.08190 % 
0.04661 % 
0.03608 % 
0.03751 % 
0.04626 % 
0.04204 % 
0.02425 % 
0.02934 % 
0.03066 % 
26 
0.05056 % 
0.06318 % 
0.04445 % 
0.08190 % 
0.04952 % 
0.04110 % 
0.04483 % 
0.04974 % 
0.04260 % 
0.02488 % 
0.03095 % 
0.03195 % 
27 
0.05545 % 
0.07315 % 
0.04678 % 
0.08190 % 
0.05576 % 
0.04260 % 
0.04609 % 
0.05010 % 
0.04342 % 
0.02585 % 
0.03414 % 
0.03467 % 
28 
0.07132 % 
0.07657 % 
0.04750 % 
0.10086 % 
0.05711 % 
0.04519 % 
0.04791 % 
0.05228 % 
0.04417 % 
0.02920 % 
0.03632 % 
0.03702 % 
29 
0.07206 % 
0.08150 % 
0.06171 % 
0.10867 % 
0.05986 % 
0.04675 % 
0.05661 % 
0.05469 % 
0.04509 % 
0.03214 % 
0.03962 % 
0.04072 % 
30 
0.07381 % 
0.09055 % 
0.06684 % 
0.11099 % 
0.06096 % 
0.05193 % 
0.06139 % 
0.05944 % 
0.04764 % 
0.03306 % 
0.03980 % 
0.04310 % 
31 
0.07539 % 
0.09864 % 
0.06980 % 
0.11099 % 
0.06656 % 
0.05514 % 
0.06291 % 
0.06633 % 
0.06299 % 
0.03451 % 
0.04088 % 
0.04748 % 
32 
0.07929 % 
0.10553 % 
0.07042 % 
0.11364 % 
0.06847 % 
0.05999 % 
0.06730 % 
0.07001 % 
0.06416 % 
0.03502 % 
0.04341 % 
0.05275 % 
33 
0.07988 % 
0.10622 % 
0.07518 % 
0.12073 % 
0.07152 % 
0.06169 % 
0.07434 % 
0.07025 % 
0.08011 % 
0.03700 % 
0.05152 % 
0.05510 % 
34 
0.08220 % 
0.11670 % 
0.07648 % 
0.12381 % 
0.07513 % 
0.06491 % 
0.07451 % 
0.07406 % 
0.08140 % 
0.03919 % 
0.05427 % 
0.05585 % 
35 
0.08410 % 
0.11753 % 
0.07826 % 
0.12896 % 
0.07838 % 
0.06546 % 
0.07996 % 
0.07817 % 
0.08299 % 
0.04176 % 
0.05726 % 
0.05787 % 
36 
0.08637 % 
0.11878 % 
0.08350 % 
0.12947 % 
0.07842 % 
0.06569 % 
0.08470 % 
0.08513 % 
0.08418 % 
0.04595 % 
0.05934 % 
0.06438 % 
37 
0.08806 % 
0.13326 % 
0.08571 % 
0.12962 % 
0.08474 % 
0.07257 % 
0.08835 % 
0.08862 % 
0.08618 % 
0.04707 % 
0.06430 % 
0.06543 % 
38 
0.08825 % 
0.14097 % 
0.08645 % 
0.12978 % 
0.08720 % 
0.07561 % 
0.08996 % 
0.09144 % 
0.08950 % 
0.05221 % 
0.06930 % 
0.07023 % 
39 
0.09319 % 
0.14190 % 
0.08960 % 
0.13282 % 
0.09053 % 
0.07930 % 
0.09049 % 
0.09366 % 
0.09745 % 
0.05469 % 
0.07120 % 
0.07805 % 
40 
0.09444 % 
0.14364 % 
0.09648 % 
0.13973 % 
0.09555 % 
0.08118 % 
0.09228 % 
0.10277 % 
0.10013 % 
0.05850 % 
0.07535 % 
0.08208 % 
41 
0.09684 % 
0.14692 % 
0.10432 % 
0.14194 % 
0.10276 % 
0.08294 % 
0.09975 % 
0.10428 % 
0.10546 % 
0.06089 % 
0.07926 % 
0.08318 % 
42 
0.09999 % 
0.15466 % 
0.10784 % 
0.14252 % 
0.10661 % 
0.09197 % 
0.10350 % 
0.10644 % 
0.12637 % 
0.06333 % 
0.08266 % 
0.08411 % 
43 
0.10461 % 
0.15849 % 
0.11001 % 
0.14471 % 
0.10962 % 
0.09363 % 
0.11293 % 
0.12349 % 
0.12710 % 
0.06498 % 
0.08299 % 
0.08542 % 
44 
0.10658 % 
0.16016 % 
0.11346 % 
0.15183 % 
0.11348 % 
0.09623 % 
0.11435 % 
0.12677 % 
0.12997 % 
0.06668 % 
0.08594 % 
  
45 
0.10868 % 
0.16129 % 
0.11723 % 
0.15709 % 
0.12214 % 
0.10010 % 
0.11701 % 
0.12806 % 
0.13327 % 
0.06813 % 
  
  
46 
0.10985 % 
0.16428 % 
0.11973 % 
0.18839 % 
0.12464 % 
0.11254 % 
0.12796 % 
0.13298 % 
0.13654 % 
  
  
  
47 
0.11259 % 
0.16681 % 
0.13178 % 
0.19093 % 
0.13038 % 
0.12437 % 
0.13086 % 
0.13360 % 
  
  
  
  
48 
0.11359 % 
0.17260 % 
0.13285 % 
0.19179 % 
0.13187 % 
0.12808 % 
0.13240 % 
  
  
  
  
  
49 
0.11632 % 
0.17785 % 
0.13402 % 
0.19386 % 
0.14078 % 
0.12965 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
50 
0.12201 % 
0.18690 % 
0.14088 % 
0.19404 % 
0.14326 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
51 
0.12641 % 
0.19920 % 
0.14763 % 
0.19564 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
52 
0.13187 % 
0.20086 % 
0.14861 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
53 
0.13429 % 
0.20175 %

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
 
Age 
01.2020 
02.2020 
03.2020 
04.2020 
05.2020 
06.2020 
07.2020 
08.2020 
09.2020 
10.2020 
11.2020 
12.2020 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
1,267,051,86
2.27 EUR 
1,255,355,63
7.33 EUR 
1,258,311,71
3.73 EUR 
803,756,30
6.15 EUR 
943,277,67
5.90 EUR 
1,198,725,67
7.00 EUR 
1,730,671,14
1.67 EUR 
1,367,050,61
7.33 EUR 
1,303,322,19
0.41 EUR 
1,423,610,78
5.77 EUR 
1,456,117,18
2.78 EUR 
1,512,381,88
2.99 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
44,343 
44,460 
43,184 
27,285 
31,445 
41,826 
59,769 
46,914 
43,834 
48,364 
49,851 
50,289 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2020 
02.2020 
03.2020 
04.2020 
05.2020 
06.2020 
07.2020 
08.2020 
09.2020 
10.2020 
11.2020 
12.2020 
54 
0.13742 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Age 
01.2021 
02.2021 
03.2021 
04.2021 
05.2021 
06.2021 
07.2021 
08.2021 
09.2021 
10.2021 
11.2021 
12.2021 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
1,066,271,79
8.81 EUR 
1,161,660,05
7.16 EUR 
1,696,184,45
3.53 EUR 
1,375,664,42
0.45 EUR 
1,404,537,54
4.20 EUR 
1,481,724,63
6.61 EUR 
1,422,171,43
9.63 EUR 
1,093,769,41
1.70 EUR 
968,115,26
5.84 EUR 
855,958,26
1.35 EUR 
925,061,66
6.87 EUR 
1,189,470,39
6.51 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
35,765 
38,975 
57,080 
45,914 
46,790 
50,715 
48,615 
37,356 
32,338 
28,509 
30,544 
37,867 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2021 
02.2021 
03.2021 
04.2021 
05.2021 
06.2021 
07.2021 
08.2021 
09.2021 
10.2021 
11.2021 
12.2021 
1 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
2 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
3 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
4 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
5 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00077 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
6 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00077 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00002 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
7 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00077 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00009 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
8 
0.00000 % 
0.00065 % 
0.00077 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00003 % 
0.00009 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
9 
0.00000 % 
0.00065 % 
0.00109 % 
0.00049 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00055 % 
0.00048 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00136 % 
0.00001 % 
10 
0.00000 % 
0.00065 % 
0.00220 % 
0.00049 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00148 % 
0.00099 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00163 % 
0.00003 % 
11 
0.00052 % 
0.00065 % 
0.00220 % 
0.00060 % 
0.00001 % 
0.00148 % 
0.00105 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00026 % 
0.00166 % 
0.00026 % 
12 
0.00142 % 
0.00065 % 
0.00237 % 
0.00242 % 
0.00022 % 
0.00211 % 
0.00113 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00018 % 
0.00148 % 
0.00166 % 
0.00104 % 
13 
0.00142 % 
0.00065 % 
0.00338 % 
0.00251 % 
0.00050 % 
0.00211 % 
0.00129 % 
0.00191 % 
0.00139 % 
0.00335 % 
0.00308 % 
0.00111 % 
14 
0.00157 % 
0.00071 % 
0.00396 % 
0.00261 % 
0.00056 % 
0.00220 % 
0.00198 % 
0.00321 % 
0.00139 % 
0.00335 % 
0.00323 % 
0.00134 % 
15 
0.00173 % 
0.00153 % 
0.00396 % 
0.00270 % 
0.00081 % 
0.00284 % 
0.00213 % 
0.00321 % 
0.00139 % 
0.00353 % 
0.00344 % 
0.00221 % 
16 
0.00267 % 
0.00175 % 
0.00406 % 
0.00663 % 
0.00179 % 
0.00468 % 
0.00297 % 
0.00337 % 
0.00309 % 
0.00426 % 
0.00361 % 
0.00221 % 
17 
0.00535 % 
0.00175 % 
0.00449 % 
0.01302 % 
0.00725 % 
0.00482 % 
0.00380 % 
0.00360 % 
0.00319 % 
0.00738 % 
0.00361 % 
0.00221 % 
18 
0.00566 % 
0.01064 % 
0.00609 % 
0.02122 % 
0.00994 % 
0.00731 % 
0.00384 % 
0.00409 % 
0.00430 % 
0.00884 % 
0.00361 % 
0.00227 % 
19 
0.00594 % 
0.01117 % 
0.01497 % 
0.02122 % 
0.01019 % 
0.00773 % 
0.00482 % 
0.00576 % 
0.00527 % 
0.00884 % 
0.00397 % 
0.00297 % 
20 
0.00620 % 
0.01630 % 
0.01617 % 
0.04265 % 
0.01024 % 
0.00779 % 
0.00657 % 
0.00596 % 
0.00575 % 
0.00884 % 
0.00397 % 
0.00319 % 
21 
0.00684 % 
0.01983 % 
0.01871 % 
0.04354 % 
0.02104 % 
0.00952 % 
0.00771 % 
0.00596 % 
0.00575 % 
0.00889 % 
0.00428 % 
0.00320 % 
22 
0.00714 % 
0.02261 % 
0.01943 % 
0.04481 % 
0.02388 % 
0.02007 % 
0.00777 % 
0.00596 % 
0.00575 % 
0.00991 % 
0.00471 % 
0.00398 % 
23 
0.00716 % 
0.02264 % 
0.02305 % 
0.04699 % 
0.02689 % 
0.02007 % 
0.01656 % 
0.00624 % 
0.00664 % 
0.01129 % 
0.00515 % 
0.00461 % 
24 
0.00938 % 
0.02454 % 
0.02595 % 
0.05330 % 
0.02689 % 
0.02203 % 
0.01656 % 
0.01435 % 
0.00720 % 
0.01175 % 
0.00593 % 
0.00809 %

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
 
Age 
01.2021 
02.2021 
03.2021 
04.2021 
05.2021 
06.2021 
07.2021 
08.2021 
09.2021 
10.2021 
11.2021 
12.2021 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
1,066,271,79
8.81 EUR 
1,161,660,05
7.16 EUR 
1,696,184,45
3.53 EUR 
1,375,664,42
0.45 EUR 
1,404,537,54
4.20 EUR 
1,481,724,63
6.61 EUR 
1,422,171,43
9.63 EUR 
1,093,769,41
1.70 EUR 
968,115,26
5.84 EUR 
855,958,26
1.35 EUR 
925,061,66
6.87 EUR 
1,189,470,39
6.51 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
35,765 
38,975 
57,080 
45,914 
46,790 
50,715 
48,615 
37,356 
32,338 
28,509 
30,544 
37,867 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2021 
02.2021 
03.2021 
04.2021 
05.2021 
06.2021 
07.2021 
08.2021 
09.2021 
10.2021 
11.2021 
12.2021 
25 
0.00943 % 
0.02852 % 
0.02614 % 
0.05330 % 
0.02776 % 
0.02366 % 
0.01671 % 
0.01494 % 
0.01585 % 
0.01386 % 
0.00773 % 
0.00908 % 
26 
0.01230 % 
0.02953 % 
0.02667 % 
0.05330 % 
0.03047 % 
0.02535 % 
0.01737 % 
0.01841 % 
0.01710 % 
0.03387 % 
0.00963 % 
0.01125 % 
27 
0.02021 % 
0.02953 % 
0.03211 % 
0.05474 % 
0.03468 % 
0.02580 % 
0.02058 % 
0.01980 % 
0.02187 % 
0.03787 % 
0.01982 % 
0.01163 % 
28 
0.02021 % 
0.02966 % 
0.03524 % 
0.05761 % 
0.03640 % 
0.02872 % 
0.02379 % 
0.02271 % 
0.02402 % 
0.03873 % 
0.02435 % 
0.02618 % 
29 
0.02021 % 
0.03001 % 
0.03947 % 
0.06442 % 
0.03942 % 
0.03078 % 
0.02747 % 
0.02572 % 
0.02832 % 
0.04108 % 
0.02574 % 
0.02779 % 
30 
0.02163 % 
0.03363 % 
0.04208 % 
0.06701 % 
0.04142 % 
0.03379 % 
0.03127 % 
0.03411 % 
0.03078 % 
0.04961 % 
0.02659 % 
0.03203 % 
31 
0.02206 % 
0.03676 % 
0.04370 % 
0.06740 % 
0.04794 % 
0.03528 % 
0.03268 % 
0.03751 % 
0.03377 % 
0.05132 % 
0.03556 % 
0.03331 % 
32 
0.02717 % 
0.04061 % 
0.04575 % 
0.06979 % 
0.04985 % 
0.03709 % 
0.03507 % 
0.03751 % 
0.03610 % 
0.05401 % 
0.04035 % 
  
33 
0.02931 % 
0.04374 % 
0.05322 % 
0.07749 % 
0.05110 % 
0.04264 % 
0.03791 % 
0.04507 % 
0.03915 % 
0.05595 % 
  
  
34 
0.03042 % 
0.04693 % 
0.05755 % 
0.07929 % 
0.05689 % 
0.04514 % 
0.04192 % 
0.04662 % 
0.03922 % 
  
  
  
35 
0.03791 % 
0.05171 % 
0.05966 % 
0.08312 % 
0.06728 % 
0.04858 % 
0.04541 % 
0.05229 % 
  
  
  
  
36 
0.04184 % 
0.05763 % 
0.06570 % 
0.08558 % 
0.06753 % 
0.05464 % 
0.04714 % 
  
  
  
  
  
37 
0.04586 % 
0.06471 % 
0.06729 % 
0.09514 % 
0.06866 % 
0.05640 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
38 
0.06441 % 
0.06910 % 
0.06972 % 
0.09905 % 
0.07066 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
39 
0.06916 % 
0.07543 % 
0.07214 % 
0.10092 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
40 
0.07835 % 
0.07810 % 
0.07256 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
41 
0.07987 % 
0.07890 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
42 
0.08295 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Age 
01.2022 
02.2022 
03.2022 
04.2022 
05.2022 
06.2022 
07.2022 
08.2022 
09.2022 
10.2022 
11.2022 
12.2022 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
1,108,468,50
5.86 EUR 
1,159,991,72
5.55 EUR 
1,372,916,75
4.29 EUR 
964,110,92
1.57 EUR 
1,192,896,59
1.85 EUR 
1,269,575,05
3.15 EUR 
1,254,790,84
3.26 EUR 
1,267,568,17
7.56 EUR 
1,341,332,56
9.99 EUR 
1,364,417,78
9.22 EUR 
1,608,341,25
2.50 EUR 
1,820,839,38
3.51 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
35,555 
37,557 
42,841 
30,501 
38,180 
40,636 
39,910 
40,015 
41,777 
41,869 
48,497 
54,719 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2022 
02.2022 
03.2022 
04.2022 
05.2022 
06.2022 
07.2022 
08.2022 
09.2022 
10.2022 
11.2022 
12.2022 
1 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
2 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
3 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
4 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
5 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
6 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
7 
0.00000 % 
0.00016 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 %

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
 
Age 
01.2022 
02.2022 
03.2022 
04.2022 
05.2022 
06.2022 
07.2022 
08.2022 
09.2022 
10.2022 
11.2022 
12.2022 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
1,108,468,50
5.86 EUR 
1,159,991,72
5.55 EUR 
1,372,916,75
4.29 EUR 
964,110,92
1.57 EUR 
1,192,896,59
1.85 EUR 
1,269,575,05
3.15 EUR 
1,254,790,84
3.26 EUR 
1,267,568,17
7.56 EUR 
1,341,332,56
9.99 EUR 
1,364,417,78
9.22 EUR 
1,608,341,25
2.50 EUR 
1,820,839,38
3.51 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
35,555 
37,557 
42,841 
30,501 
38,180 
40,636 
39,910 
40,015 
41,777 
41,869 
48,497 
54,719 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2022 
02.2022 
03.2022 
04.2022 
05.2022 
06.2022 
07.2022 
08.2022 
09.2022 
10.2022 
11.2022 
12.2022 
8 
0.00000 % 
0.00016 % 
0.00005 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00002 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
9 
0.00000 % 
0.00016 % 
0.00011 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00002 % 
0.00002 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00011 % 
0.00000 % 
10 
0.00000 % 
0.00016 % 
0.00045 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00041 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00002 % 
0.00002 % 
0.00003 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00022 % 
0.00000 % 
11 
0.00021 % 
0.00019 % 
0.00060 % 
0.00100 % 
0.00156 % 
0.00004 % 
0.00002 % 
0.00002 % 
0.00003 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00038 % 
0.00000 % 
12 
0.00035 % 
0.00019 % 
0.00070 % 
0.00100 % 
0.00162 % 
0.00005 % 
0.00009 % 
0.00049 % 
0.00003 % 
0.00011 % 
0.00038 % 
0.00000 % 
13 
0.00251 % 
0.00110 % 
0.00081 % 
0.00100 % 
0.00162 % 
0.00005 % 
0.00135 % 
0.00064 % 
0.00013 % 
0.00051 % 
0.00038 % 
0.00067 % 
14 
0.00299 % 
0.00116 % 
0.00081 % 
0.00113 % 
0.00162 % 
0.00016 % 
0.00171 % 
0.00100 % 
0.00130 % 
0.00093 % 
0.00058 % 
0.00077 % 
15 
0.00398 % 
0.00116 % 
0.00081 % 
0.00184 % 
0.00207 % 
0.00088 % 
0.00186 % 
0.00100 % 
0.00175 % 
0.00218 % 
0.00166 % 
0.00092 % 
16 
0.00405 % 
0.00158 % 
0.00081 % 
0.00187 % 
0.00388 % 
0.00296 % 
0.00186 % 
0.00164 % 
0.00206 % 
0.00315 % 
0.00197 % 
0.00099 % 
17 
0.00405 % 
0.00235 % 
0.00131 % 
0.00287 % 
0.00449 % 
0.00337 % 
0.00223 % 
0.00340 % 
0.00343 % 
0.00315 % 
0.00345 % 
0.00130 % 
18 
0.00451 % 
0.00282 % 
0.00195 % 
0.00442 % 
0.00612 % 
0.00365 % 
0.00241 % 
0.00342 % 
0.00418 % 
0.00402 % 
0.00346 % 
0.00214 % 
19 
0.00504 % 
0.00300 % 
0.00287 % 
0.00536 % 
0.00823 % 
0.00491 % 
0.00331 % 
0.00474 % 
0.00452 % 
0.00469 % 
0.00425 % 
0.00233 % 
20 
0.00504 % 
0.00366 % 
0.00316 % 
0.01146 % 
0.00972 % 
0.00582 % 
0.00353 % 
0.00625 % 
0.00492 % 
0.00494 % 
0.00427 % 
  
21 
0.00604 % 
0.00400 % 
0.00330 % 
0.01186 % 
0.01319 % 
0.00685 % 
0.00550 % 
0.00737 % 
0.00522 % 
0.00541 % 
  
  
22 
0.00659 % 
0.00458 % 
0.00525 % 
0.01252 % 
0.01536 % 
0.00912 % 
0.00745 % 
0.00778 % 
0.00675 % 
  
  
  
23 
0.00675 % 
0.00548 % 
0.00553 % 
0.01766 % 
0.01545 % 
0.01129 % 
0.00844 % 
0.00803 % 
  
  
  
  
24 
0.00786 % 
0.00705 % 
0.00560 % 
0.02298 % 
0.01701 % 
0.01320 % 
0.00920 % 
  
  
  
  
  
25 
0.01032 % 
0.00809 % 
0.00602 % 
0.02478 % 
0.01703 % 
0.01435 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
26 
0.01391 % 
0.01131 % 
0.00667 % 
0.02542 % 
0.01769 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
27 
0.01471 % 
0.01152 % 
0.00696 % 
0.02565 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
28 
0.01573 % 
0.01480 % 
0.00925 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
29 
0.03601 % 
0.01494 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
30 
0.03889 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Age 
01.2023 
02.2023 
03.2023 
04.2023 
05.2023 
06.2023 
07.2023 
08.2023 
09.2023 
10.2023 
11.2023 
12.2023 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
1,235,083,26
6.40 EUR 
1,368,769,29
9.19 EUR 
1,790,304,28
4.47 EUR 
1,422,278,52
3.17 EUR 
1,633,452,99
4.24 EUR 
1,800,630,42
5.42 EUR 
1,687,315,70
3.30 EUR 
1,916,540,09
2.89 EUR 
1,540,257,14
7.32 EUR 
1,610,767,24
3.99 EUR 
1,877,958,78
1.76 EUR 
1,893,837,99
2.89 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
37,092 
41,425 
53,610 
42,479 
48,348 
52,940 
49,623 
56,027 
46,507 
48,343 
56,863 
56,641 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2023 
02.2023 
03.2023 
04.2023 
05.2023 
06.2023 
07.2023 
08.2023 
09.2023 
10.2023 
11.2023 
12.2023 
1 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
2 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 %

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
 
Age 
01.2023 
02.2023 
03.2023 
04.2023 
05.2023 
06.2023 
07.2023 
08.2023 
09.2023 
10.2023 
11.2023 
12.2023 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
1,235,083,26
6.40 EUR 
1,368,769,29
9.19 EUR 
1,790,304,28
4.47 EUR 
1,422,278,52
3.17 EUR 
1,633,452,99
4.24 EUR 
1,800,630,42
5.42 EUR 
1,687,315,70
3.30 EUR 
1,916,540,09
2.89 EUR 
1,540,257,14
7.32 EUR 
1,610,767,24
3.99 EUR 
1,877,958,78
1.76 EUR 
1,893,837,99
2.89 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
37,092 
41,425 
53,610 
42,479 
48,348 
52,940 
49,623 
56,027 
46,507 
48,343 
56,863 
56,641 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2023 
02.2023 
03.2023 
04.2023 
05.2023 
06.2023 
07.2023 
08.2023 
09.2023 
10.2023 
11.2023 
12.2023 
3 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
4 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
5 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
6 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
7 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
8 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00001 % 
0.00006 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
  
9 
0.00000 % 
0.00012 % 
0.00001 % 
0.00006 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00003 % 
0.00000 % 
  
  
10 
0.00000 % 
0.00012 % 
0.00001 % 
0.00006 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00003 % 
  
  
  
11 
0.00000 % 
0.00012 % 
0.00001 % 
0.00006 % 
0.00099 % 
0.00014 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
  
  
  
  
12 
0.00003 % 
0.00148 % 
0.00036 % 
0.00016 % 
0.00099 % 
0.00034 % 
0.00014 % 
  
  
  
  
  
13 
0.00003 % 
0.00148 % 
0.00196 % 
0.00016 % 
0.00101 % 
0.00071 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
14 
0.00098 % 
0.00180 % 
0.00221 % 
0.00134 % 
0.00104 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
15 
0.00098 % 
0.00232 % 
0.00270 % 
0.00161 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
16 
0.00193 % 
0.00279 % 
0.00283 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
17 
0.00280 % 
0.00313 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
18 
0.00296 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Age 
01.2024 
02.2024 
03.2024 
04.2024 
05.2024 
06.2024 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
1,542,869,082.76 EUR 
1,521,170,141.63 EUR 
1,601,946,914.38 EUR 
1,625,270,585.53 EUR 
1,468,511,241.93 EUR 
828,521,496.90 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of contracts 
47,204 
45,682 
48,618 
48,926 
44,528 
25,485 
Age|Month of start service provision 
01.2024 
02.2024 
03.2024 
04.2024 
05.2024 
06.2024 
1 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
2 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
  
3 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
  
  
4 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
  
  
  
5 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
  
  
  
  
6 
0.00000 %

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0,00000 %
0,05000 %
0,10000 %
0,15000 %
0,20000 %
0,25000 %
0,30000 %
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66
01.2019
02.2019
03.2019
04.2019
05.2019
06.2019
07.2019
08.2019
09.2019
10.2019
11.2019
12.2019
01.2020
02.2020
03.2020
04.2020
05.2020
06.2020
07.2020
08.2020
09.2020
10.2020
11.2020
12.2020
01.2021
02.2021
03.2021
04.2021
05.2021
06.2021
07.2021
08.2021
09.2021
10.2021
11.2021
12.2021
01.2022
02.2022
03.2022
04.2022
05.2022
06.2022
07.2022
08.2022
09.2022
10.2022
11.2022
12.2022
01.2023
02.2023
03.2023
04.2023
05.2023
06.2023
07.2023
08.2023
09.2023
10.2023
11.2023
12.2023
01.2024
02.2024
03.2024
04.2024
05.2024
06.2024

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
 
Cumulative monthly net losses on Lease Receivables (in percentages) – Used Cars 
Age 
01.2019 
02.2019 
03.2019 
04.2019 
05.2019 
06.2019 
07.2019 
08.2019 
09.2019 
10.2019 
11.2019 
12.2019 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
31,021,742.
28 EUR 
37,508,884.
41 EUR 
37,118,487.
67 EUR 
36,315,811.
00 EUR 
42,675,335.
12 EUR 
31,949,318.
38 EUR 
56,229,321.
52 EUR 
33,280,679.
46 EUR 
43,833,882.
65 EUR 
120,155,219.
04 EUR 
115,209,371.
66 EUR 
81,851,563.
66 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
1,149 
1,324 
1,289 
1,257 
1,561 
1,159 
2,039 
1,082 
1,415 
4,301 
4,390 
3,253 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2019 
02.2019 
03.2019 
04.2019 
05.2019 
06.2019 
07.2019 
08.2019 
09.2019 
10.2019 
11.2019 
12.2019 
1 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
2 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
3 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
4 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
5 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
6 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
7 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
8 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
9 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00222 % 
0.00000 % 
10 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00236 % 
0.00781 % 
0.00000 % 
11 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.01317 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.07591 % 
0.00236 % 
0.00781 % 
0.00000 % 
12 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.01317 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.02039 % 
0.00000 % 
0.07591 % 
0.00236 % 
0.03375 % 
0.00000 % 
13 
0.00000 % 
0.03267 % 
0.00000 % 
0.05094 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.03817 % 
0.00000 % 
0.07591 % 
0.00236 % 
0.03574 % 
0.00000 % 
14 
0.02898 % 
0.03267 % 
0.00000 % 
0.11258 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.03817 % 
0.00000 % 
0.07591 % 
0.00236 % 
0.04241 % 
0.00000 % 
15 
0.02898 % 
0.03267 % 
0.00000 % 
0.11258 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.03817 % 
0.00098 % 
0.07591 % 
0.00236 % 
0.04241 % 
0.00000 % 
16 
0.03581 % 
0.03267 % 
0.00000 % 
0.13319 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.05156 % 
0.00098 % 
0.07591 % 
0.00275 % 
0.04241 % 
0.00000 % 
17 
0.03581 % 
0.03491 % 
0.00000 % 
0.23782 % 
0.00000 % 
0.01366 % 
0.05156 % 
0.01421 % 
0.07591 % 
0.00275 % 
0.04241 % 
0.00000 % 
18 
0.03581 % 
0.03491 % 
0.00000 % 
0.23782 % 
0.00000 % 
0.01366 % 
0.05156 % 
0.01421 % 
0.07591 % 
0.00275 % 
0.04241 % 
0.00000 % 
19 
0.03862 % 
0.10369 % 
0.06432 % 
0.24724 % 
0.00000 % 
0.04063 % 
0.07381 % 
0.01421 % 
0.07591 % 
0.00275 % 
0.04241 % 
0.00000 % 
20 
0.03862 % 
0.10369 % 
0.06432 % 
0.24724 % 
0.06933 % 
0.04063 % 
0.09243 % 
0.01421 % 
0.07591 % 
0.00275 % 
0.04241 % 
0.00000 % 
21 
0.03862 % 
0.11892 % 
0.06432 % 
0.24724 % 
0.06933 % 
0.04063 % 
0.10114 % 
0.01421 % 
0.07591 % 
0.00275 % 
0.04673 % 
0.00577 % 
22 
0.03862 % 
0.16448 % 
0.06432 % 
0.24724 % 
0.06933 % 
0.04063 % 
0.10114 % 
0.01421 % 
0.09099 % 
0.00275 % 
0.05758 % 
0.00577 % 
23 
0.03862 % 
0.16448 % 
0.06432 % 
0.24724 % 
0.06933 % 
0.04063 % 
0.10114 % 
0.01421 % 
0.11454 % 
0.00275 % 
0.12647 % 
0.15293 % 
24 
0.03862 % 
0.16448 % 
0.23642 % 
0.24724 % 
0.06933 % 
0.04063 % 
0.14596 % 
0.01798 % 
0.11454 % 
0.00275 % 
0.18451 % 
0.17433 % 
25 
0.07690 % 
0.16448 % 
0.23642 % 
0.25688 % 
0.11572 % 
0.04063 % 
0.14596 % 
0.01798 % 
0.11454 % 
0.00333 % 
0.21359 % 
0.17433 % 
26 
0.07690 % 
0.16448 % 
0.23642 % 
0.25688 % 
0.11572 % 
0.04515 % 
0.14596 % 
0.01798 % 
0.14124 % 
0.00333 % 
0.21842 % 
0.18877 % 
27 
0.07690 % 
0.16448 % 
0.23642 % 
0.25688 % 
0.14298 % 
0.04515 % 
0.14596 % 
0.01798 % 
0.14124 % 
0.00533 % 
0.21842 % 
0.18877 % 
28 
0.10579 % 
0.16448 % 
0.23642 % 
0.31004 % 
0.14298 % 
0.16961 % 
0.14596 % 
0.06928 % 
0.14124 % 
0.01344 % 
0.22430 % 
0.18877 % 
29 
0.18320 % 
0.16448 % 
0.25492 % 
0.31004 % 
0.14298 % 
0.22077 % 
0.15889 % 
0.06928 % 
0.17814 % 
0.02027 % 
0.22756 % 
0.18877 % 
30 
0.18320 % 
0.16666 % 
0.25492 % 
0.31004 % 
0.14298 % 
0.23188 % 
0.19113 % 
0.06928 % 
0.17814 % 
0.02511 % 
0.24320 % 
0.18877 %

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
 
Age 
01.2019 
02.2019 
03.2019 
04.2019 
05.2019 
06.2019 
07.2019 
08.2019 
09.2019 
10.2019 
11.2019 
12.2019 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
31,021,742.
28 EUR 
37,508,884.
41 EUR 
37,118,487.
67 EUR 
36,315,811.
00 EUR 
42,675,335.
12 EUR 
31,949,318.
38 EUR 
56,229,321.
52 EUR 
33,280,679.
46 EUR 
43,833,882.
65 EUR 
120,155,219.
04 EUR 
115,209,371.
66 EUR 
81,851,563.
66 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
1,149 
1,324 
1,289 
1,257 
1,561 
1,159 
2,039 
1,082 
1,415 
4,301 
4,390 
3,253 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2019 
02.2019 
03.2019 
04.2019 
05.2019 
06.2019 
07.2019 
08.2019 
09.2019 
10.2019 
11.2019 
12.2019 
31 
0.18320 % 
0.16666 % 
0.26892 % 
0.31004 % 
0.16174 % 
0.23188 % 
0.21519 % 
0.11815 % 
0.26712 % 
0.03011 % 
0.26237 % 
0.18877 % 
32 
0.24254 % 
0.16666 % 
0.41867 % 
0.32715 % 
0.16174 % 
0.23188 % 
0.21790 % 
0.40353 % 
0.26712 % 
0.06264 % 
0.26237 % 
0.18877 % 
33 
0.24254 % 
0.16666 % 
0.41867 % 
0.32715 % 
0.16174 % 
0.23188 % 
0.24093 % 
0.40353 % 
0.40715 % 
0.06688 % 
0.26912 % 
0.23932 % 
34 
0.24928 % 
0.17254 % 
0.41867 % 
0.32715 % 
0.17655 % 
0.27146 % 
0.27218 % 
0.43049 % 
0.40715 % 
0.06688 % 
0.27012 % 
0.25321 % 
35 
0.24928 % 
0.17254 % 
0.42370 % 
0.32715 % 
0.19459 % 
0.27146 % 
0.27218 % 
0.43049 % 
0.42859 % 
0.07612 % 
0.27783 % 
0.26320 % 
36 
0.26530 % 
0.17254 % 
0.45776 % 
0.32715 % 
0.19459 % 
0.27146 % 
0.29922 % 
0.45779 % 
0.48922 % 
0.07612 % 
0.27783 % 
0.26455 % 
37 
0.27883 % 
0.17254 % 
0.45776 % 
0.35745 % 
0.19459 % 
0.27146 % 
0.32187 % 
0.53028 % 
0.52506 % 
0.08430 % 
0.29402 % 
0.26455 % 
38 
0.43374 % 
0.17254 % 
0.45776 % 
0.35745 % 
0.20733 % 
0.47479 % 
0.32206 % 
0.53028 % 
0.53451 % 
0.10401 % 
0.31253 % 
0.28309 % 
39 
0.43374 % 
0.17254 % 
0.53883 % 
0.35745 % 
0.24425 % 
0.52232 % 
0.33427 % 
0.53028 % 
0.56369 % 
0.11144 % 
0.31609 % 
0.28309 % 
40 
0.48385 % 
0.17254 % 
0.53883 % 
0.35745 % 
0.25143 % 
0.52232 % 
0.33427 % 
0.58051 % 
0.56369 % 
0.11144 % 
0.31655 % 
0.28309 % 
41 
0.48385 % 
0.17254 % 
0.54363 % 
0.37201 % 
0.25143 % 
0.52232 % 
0.39737 % 
0.60078 % 
0.56369 % 
0.15774 % 
0.32718 % 
0.30071 % 
42 
0.48385 % 
0.17254 % 
0.57251 % 
0.43165 % 
0.25143 % 
0.53230 % 
0.39737 % 
0.60078 % 
0.61249 % 
0.16577 % 
0.37262 % 
0.30483 % 
43 
0.48385 % 
0.17254 % 
0.61982 % 
0.43165 % 
0.27057 % 
0.54229 % 
0.43801 % 
0.60078 % 
0.99452 % 
0.16938 % 
0.37400 % 
0.30483 % 
44 
0.48385 % 
0.17254 % 
0.63259 % 
0.43165 % 
0.27809 % 
0.56674 % 
0.44775 % 
0.86717 % 
0.99452 % 
0.16938 % 
0.38630 % 
0.33017 % 
45 
0.48385 % 
0.17254 % 
0.63259 % 
0.43709 % 
0.27809 % 
0.63474 % 
0.44775 % 
0.86717 % 
0.99452 % 
0.17029 % 
0.38630 % 
0.33058 % 
46 
0.48385 % 
0.17254 % 
0.63259 % 
0.43709 % 
0.27809 % 
0.84084 % 
0.46439 % 
0.86717 % 
0.99452 % 
0.17580 % 
0.38726 % 
0.33490 % 
47 
0.48385 % 
0.17254 % 
0.63259 % 
0.43709 % 
0.27809 % 
0.84393 % 
0.46601 % 
0.86717 % 
0.99581 % 
0.18717 % 
0.40090 % 
0.33607 % 
48 
0.48385 % 
0.17254 % 
0.63259 % 
0.45117 % 
0.30600 % 
0.84393 % 
0.46601 % 
0.86717 % 
0.99581 % 
0.20243 % 
0.40090 % 
0.35541 % 
49 
0.49273 % 
0.17254 % 
0.63259 % 
0.45124 % 
0.31627 % 
0.84393 % 
0.48963 % 
0.86988 % 
0.99581 % 
0.21921 % 
0.41596 % 
0.35541 % 
50 
0.49273 % 
0.18116 % 
0.63259 % 
0.45124 % 
0.31868 % 
0.84393 % 
0.48963 % 
0.87531 % 
1.05885 % 
0.23292 % 
0.42095 % 
0.35587 % 
51 
0.49273 % 
0.19438 % 
0.64507 % 
0.45124 % 
0.31868 % 
0.84393 % 
0.48963 % 
0.87531 % 
1.05885 % 
0.23292 % 
0.44306 % 
0.35587 % 
52 
0.49273 % 
0.19438 % 
0.64507 % 
0.45124 % 
0.31868 % 
0.84393 % 
0.51465 % 
0.92924 % 
1.05885 % 
0.23704 % 
0.44389 % 
0.35587 % 
53 
0.50116 % 
0.19438 % 
0.66265 % 
0.57294 % 
0.31868 % 
0.84393 % 
0.51628 % 
0.92924 % 
1.07715 % 
0.23776 % 
0.47775 % 
0.35864 % 
54 
0.50116 % 
0.19515 % 
0.69136 % 
0.58084 % 
0.31868 % 
0.87619 % 
0.53862 % 
0.92924 % 
1.07715 % 
0.26491 % 
0.49050 % 
0.36001 % 
55 
0.51618 % 
0.25460 % 
0.69136 % 
0.58971 % 
0.32046 % 
0.94829 % 
0.53862 % 
0.92924 % 
1.07821 % 
0.27632 % 
0.50035 % 
0.36154 % 
56 
0.54562 % 
0.25460 % 
0.69136 % 
0.63012 % 
0.35165 % 
0.95200 % 
0.60406 % 
0.92924 % 
1.08407 % 
0.28000 % 
0.50154 % 
  
57 
0.54562 % 
0.25460 % 
0.69412 % 
0.63012 % 
0.35165 % 
0.95781 % 
0.60406 % 
0.92924 % 
1.08407 % 
0.28000 % 
  
  
58 
0.54562 % 
0.26050 % 
0.69412 % 
0.63012 % 
0.35165 % 
0.97545 % 
0.60406 % 
0.92944 % 
1.19928 % 
  
  
  
59 
0.54562 % 
0.26050 % 
0.70342 % 
0.63012 % 
0.36751 % 
0.97545 % 
0.60711 % 
0.92944 % 
  
  
  
  
60 
0.54562 % 
0.26050 % 
0.70342 % 
0.63012 % 
0.36751 % 
0.97545 % 
0.63154 % 
  
  
  
  
  
61 
0.55709 % 
0.26050 % 
0.76486 % 
0.63012 % 
0.36751 % 
0.97545 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
62 
0.55709 % 
0.41315 % 
0.76486 % 
0.63012 % 
0.36751 %

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
 
Age 
01.2019 
02.2019 
03.2019 
04.2019 
05.2019 
06.2019 
07.2019 
08.2019 
09.2019 
10.2019 
11.2019 
12.2019 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
31,021,742.
28 EUR 
37,508,884.
41 EUR 
37,118,487.
67 EUR 
36,315,811.
00 EUR 
42,675,335.
12 EUR 
31,949,318.
38 EUR 
56,229,321.
52 EUR 
33,280,679.
46 EUR 
43,833,882.
65 EUR 
120,155,219.
04 EUR 
115,209,371.
66 EUR 
81,851,563.
66 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
1,149 
1,324 
1,289 
1,257 
1,561 
1,159 
2,039 
1,082 
1,415 
4,301 
4,390 
3,253 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2019 
02.2019 
03.2019 
04.2019 
05.2019 
06.2019 
07.2019 
08.2019 
09.2019 
10.2019 
11.2019 
12.2019 
63 
0.61921 % 
0.41315 % 
0.76486 % 
0.63012 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
64 
0.61921 % 
0.41315 % 
0.76486 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
65 
0.61921 % 
0.41315 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
66 
0.62427 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Age 
01.2020 
02.2020 
03.2020 
04.2020 
05.2020 
06.2020 
07.2020 
08.2020 
09.2020 
10.2020 
11.2020 
12.2020 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
100,026,670
.54 EUR 
98,265,981.
53 EUR 
110,061,674
.82 EUR 
110,961,537
.56 EUR 
136,822,446
.36 EUR 
209,301,115
.84 EUR 
232,464,521
.00 EUR 
174,486,445
.62 EUR 
128,376,597
.52 EUR 
148,529,798
.33 EUR 
115,638,013
.06 EUR 
85,869,659.
26 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
4,009 
4,256 
4,464 
4,175 
4,803 
7,742 
8,660 
6,385 
4,568 
5,272 
4,002 
2,874 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2020 
02.2020 
03.2020 
04.2020 
05.2020 
06.2020 
07.2020 
08.2020 
09.2020 
10.2020 
11.2020 
12.2020 
1 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
2 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
3 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
4 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
5 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
6 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
7 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
8 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
9 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
10 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00050 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
11 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00134 % 
0.00160 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
12 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00055 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00134 % 
0.00160 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
13 
0.00000 % 
0.00769 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00330 % 
0.00976 % 
0.00269 % 
0.00247 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
14 
0.00000 % 
0.00769 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00596 % 
0.01186 % 
0.00976 % 
0.00269 % 
0.01053 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00392 % 
15 
0.00026 % 
0.00769 % 
0.00000 % 
0.01526 % 
0.00350 % 
0.00596 % 
0.01186 % 
0.00976 % 
0.00900 % 
0.02645 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00392 % 
16 
0.00026 % 
0.00769 % 
0.00000 % 
0.01526 % 
0.00350 % 
0.00988 % 
0.01629 % 
0.00976 % 
0.00900 % 
0.02645 % 
0.01974 % 
0.00783 % 
17 
0.00026 % 
0.01295 % 
0.01076 % 
0.01526 % 
0.00645 % 
0.00988 % 
0.01870 % 
0.01225 % 
0.00900 % 
0.02645 % 
0.01974 % 
0.00783 % 
18 
0.00026 % 
0.03204 % 
0.01765 % 
0.01908 % 
0.01369 % 
0.00988 % 
0.02522 % 
0.01789 % 
0.00900 % 
0.02753 % 
0.03231 % 
0.04604 % 
19 
0.00026 % 
0.08778 % 
0.01765 % 
0.01908 % 
0.02075 % 
0.00988 % 
0.03465 % 
0.02817 % 
0.00900 % 
0.02753 % 
0.03591 % 
0.07548 % 
20 
0.00026 % 
0.08962 % 
0.02840 % 
0.01908 % 
0.02075 % 
0.00988 % 
0.03465 % 
0.03786 % 
0.00900 % 
0.02753 % 
0.03648 % 
0.08710 % 
21 
0.00026 % 
0.10574 % 
0.04578 % 
0.02398 % 
0.02647 % 
0.00988 % 
0.03847 % 
0.04153 % 
0.01489 % 
0.02753 % 
0.03648 % 
0.08710 %

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
 
Age 
01.2020 
02.2020 
03.2020 
04.2020 
05.2020 
06.2020 
07.2020 
08.2020 
09.2020 
10.2020 
11.2020 
12.2020 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
100,026,670
.54 EUR 
98,265,981.
53 EUR 
110,061,674
.82 EUR 
110,961,537
.56 EUR 
136,822,446
.36 EUR 
209,301,115
.84 EUR 
232,464,521
.00 EUR 
174,486,445
.62 EUR 
128,376,597
.52 EUR 
148,529,798
.33 EUR 
115,638,013
.06 EUR 
85,869,659.
26 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
4,009 
4,256 
4,464 
4,175 
4,803 
7,742 
8,660 
6,385 
4,568 
5,272 
4,002 
2,874 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2020 
02.2020 
03.2020 
04.2020 
05.2020 
06.2020 
07.2020 
08.2020 
09.2020 
10.2020 
11.2020 
12.2020 
22 
0.00026 % 
0.10574 % 
0.04746 % 
0.02398 % 
0.02647 % 
0.00988 % 
0.04375 % 
0.04153 % 
0.01489 % 
0.02924 % 
0.03648 % 
0.09110 % 
23 
0.01611 % 
0.10574 % 
0.04746 % 
0.04840 % 
0.03093 % 
0.00988 % 
0.05003 % 
0.14188 % 
0.02901 % 
0.03967 % 
0.04164 % 
0.09110 % 
24 
0.02777 % 
0.10574 % 
0.08306 % 
0.04840 % 
0.03093 % 
0.00988 % 
0.06075 % 
0.14413 % 
0.02901 % 
0.03967 % 
0.04164 % 
0.11052 % 
25 
0.02777 % 
0.14296 % 
0.08947 % 
0.04840 % 
0.03093 % 
0.01084 % 
0.06273 % 
0.15330 % 
0.03184 % 
0.03967 % 
0.04849 % 
0.11052 % 
26 
0.05275 % 
0.15036 % 
0.08947 % 
0.04840 % 
0.03093 % 
0.02572 % 
0.06991 % 
0.15330 % 
0.03184 % 
0.04474 % 
0.04849 % 
0.11052 % 
27 
0.05571 % 
0.15999 % 
0.09346 % 
0.04840 % 
0.04369 % 
0.02572 % 
0.06991 % 
0.15330 % 
0.03783 % 
0.04474 % 
0.08160 % 
0.11052 % 
28 
0.05571 % 
0.15999 % 
0.09346 % 
0.17770 % 
0.04369 % 
0.03569 % 
0.06991 % 
0.15330 % 
0.03783 % 
0.04976 % 
0.09934 % 
0.13723 % 
29 
0.06497 % 
0.15999 % 
0.09346 % 
0.21883 % 
0.05059 % 
0.03610 % 
0.07503 % 
0.16090 % 
0.03783 % 
0.05848 % 
0.10069 % 
0.13723 % 
30 
0.07130 % 
0.20510 % 
0.10833 % 
0.23053 % 
0.05059 % 
0.03610 % 
0.08682 % 
0.16090 % 
0.05680 % 
0.05848 % 
0.10069 % 
0.16379 % 
31 
0.07130 % 
0.20813 % 
0.10833 % 
0.23053 % 
0.05059 % 
0.04465 % 
0.08682 % 
0.17759 % 
0.06423 % 
0.06438 % 
0.10069 % 
0.20185 % 
32 
0.07130 % 
0.20813 % 
0.11546 % 
0.23310 % 
0.05171 % 
0.04512 % 
0.08932 % 
0.17930 % 
0.06423 % 
0.06558 % 
0.10069 % 
0.22683 % 
33 
0.07130 % 
0.20813 % 
0.15716 % 
0.23664 % 
0.06087 % 
0.05332 % 
0.13236 % 
0.17930 % 
0.06654 % 
0.07100 % 
0.13315 % 
0.22683 % 
34 
0.07130 % 
0.23339 % 
0.15716 % 
0.23664 % 
0.06087 % 
0.05404 % 
0.13304 % 
0.20024 % 
0.07067 % 
0.08051 % 
0.13637 % 
0.22887 % 
35 
0.07130 % 
0.23339 % 
0.15762 % 
0.23842 % 
0.07252 % 
0.05602 % 
0.14468 % 
0.20905 % 
0.07088 % 
0.08235 % 
0.13908 % 
0.23006 % 
36 
0.07130 % 
0.23339 % 
0.17555 % 
0.23842 % 
0.07252 % 
0.05602 % 
0.14834 % 
0.20950 % 
0.07405 % 
0.09129 % 
0.15524 % 
0.23006 % 
37 
0.07130 % 
0.24547 % 
0.17555 % 
0.23842 % 
0.07675 % 
0.05998 % 
0.14834 % 
0.21039 % 
0.08524 % 
0.09173 % 
0.17148 % 
0.23038 % 
38 
0.07130 % 
0.29695 % 
0.17555 % 
0.23957 % 
0.07801 % 
0.05998 % 
0.15022 % 
0.21161 % 
0.09262 % 
0.10822 % 
0.17270 % 
0.23724 % 
39 
0.07130 % 
0.29835 % 
0.17555 % 
0.24651 % 
0.07851 % 
0.06099 % 
0.15105 % 
0.21161 % 
0.09262 % 
0.11207 % 
0.18676 % 
0.24534 % 
40 
0.07130 % 
0.30449 % 
0.20637 % 
0.27033 % 
0.08431 % 
0.06384 % 
0.15720 % 
0.24954 % 
0.09954 % 
0.11384 % 
0.18914 % 
0.25682 % 
41 
0.07130 % 
0.30449 % 
0.21303 % 
0.27107 % 
0.08921 % 
0.06897 % 
0.19045 % 
0.24954 % 
0.10334 % 
0.12066 % 
0.19461 % 
0.25682 % 
42 
0.07130 % 
0.33309 % 
0.21303 % 
0.27107 % 
0.09063 % 
0.09868 % 
0.20165 % 
0.25221 % 
0.10416 % 
0.12875 % 
0.19461 % 
0.25682 % 
43 
0.07501 % 
0.34922 % 
0.22915 % 
0.28297 % 
0.09593 % 
0.10447 % 
0.20750 % 
0.25243 % 
0.10548 % 
0.13274 % 
0.19461 % 
0.25682 % 
44 
0.08869 % 
0.35311 % 
0.25662 % 
0.29595 % 
0.09637 % 
0.11101 % 
0.20936 % 
0.26017 % 
0.10715 % 
0.13419 % 
0.19461 % 
  
45 
0.09062 % 
0.35586 % 
0.27684 % 
0.32785 % 
0.10657 % 
0.11130 % 
0.21281 % 
0.26057 % 
0.12031 % 
0.13508 % 
  
  
46 
0.09938 % 
0.35700 % 
0.28146 % 
0.35491 % 
0.10657 % 
0.12709 % 
0.23609 % 
0.26567 % 
0.12280 % 
  
  
  
47 
0.10211 % 
0.36240 % 
0.31053 % 
0.35491 % 
0.11666 % 
0.14842 % 
0.24534 % 
0.26637 % 
  
  
  
  
48 
0.10211 % 
0.37106 % 
0.31053 % 
0.35491 % 
0.11666 % 
0.15445 % 
0.24565 % 
  
  
  
  
  
49 
0.10663 % 
0.39284 % 
0.31158 % 
0.35647 % 
0.11705 % 
0.15922 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
50 
0.10930 % 
0.40730 % 
0.32426 % 
0.35647 % 
0.11771 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
51 
0.12519 % 
0.49740 % 
0.37750 % 
0.36754 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
52 
0.12519 % 
0.49740 % 
0.37750 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
53 
0.12923 % 
0.49815 %

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
 
Age 
01.2020 
02.2020 
03.2020 
04.2020 
05.2020 
06.2020 
07.2020 
08.2020 
09.2020 
10.2020 
11.2020 
12.2020 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
100,026,670
.54 EUR 
98,265,981.
53 EUR 
110,061,674
.82 EUR 
110,961,537
.56 EUR 
136,822,446
.36 EUR 
209,301,115
.84 EUR 
232,464,521
.00 EUR 
174,486,445
.62 EUR 
128,376,597
.52 EUR 
148,529,798
.33 EUR 
115,638,013
.06 EUR 
85,869,659.
26 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
4,009 
4,256 
4,464 
4,175 
4,803 
7,742 
8,660 
6,385 
4,568 
5,272 
4,002 
2,874 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2020 
02.2020 
03.2020 
04.2020 
05.2020 
06.2020 
07.2020 
08.2020 
09.2020 
10.2020 
11.2020 
12.2020 
54 
0.13035 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Age 
01.2021 
02.2021 
03.2021 
04.2021 
05.2021 
06.2021 
07.2021 
08.2021 
09.2021 
10.2021 
11.2021 
12.2021 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
46,634,885.
82 EUR 
66,739,703.
06 EUR 
103,709,750.
41 EUR 
109,288,122.
33 EUR 
108,018,387.
94 EUR 
112,348,390.
41 EUR 
115,639,671.
05 EUR 
82,372,436.
57 EUR 
89,033,885.
80 EUR 
100,961,362.
68 EUR 
70,835,295.
91 EUR 
46,825,236.
12 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
1,669 
2,653 
4,205 
4,261 
4,157 
4,450 
4,638 
3,342 
3,301 
3,591 
2,432 
1,567 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2021 
02.2021 
03.2021 
04.2021 
05.2021 
06.2021 
07.2021 
08.2021 
09.2021 
10.2021 
11.2021 
12.2021 
1 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
2 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
3 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
4 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
5 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
6 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
7 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
8 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
9 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
10 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.01230 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
11 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00144 % 
0.00000 % 
0.01230 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
12 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00144 % 
0.00152 % 
0.01230 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
13 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00292 % 
0.00144 % 
0.00166 % 
0.01230 % 
0.00172 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00836 % 
0.00000 % 
0.01280 % 
0.00000 % 
14 
0.00364 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00820 % 
0.00144 % 
0.00237 % 
0.01230 % 
0.00172 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00836 % 
0.00000 % 
0.01280 % 
0.00000 % 
15 
0.00512 % 
0.00926 % 
0.00820 % 
0.00144 % 
0.00237 % 
0.01230 % 
0.00172 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00836 % 
0.00000 % 
0.01280 % 
0.01895 % 
16 
0.00512 % 
0.01312 % 
0.00820 % 
0.00144 % 
0.00237 % 
0.01277 % 
0.00172 % 
0.00000 % 
0.02483 % 
0.00266 % 
0.01280 % 
0.01895 % 
17 
0.01024 % 
0.01312 % 
0.00820 % 
0.00259 % 
0.00237 % 
0.01277 % 
0.01017 % 
0.00000 % 
0.02483 % 
0.00266 % 
0.01280 % 
0.01895 % 
18 
0.01747 % 
0.03399 % 
0.00820 % 
0.00717 % 
0.00237 % 
0.01277 % 
0.01017 % 
0.00000 % 
0.02965 % 
0.01512 % 
0.01280 % 
0.01895 % 
19 
0.01747 % 
0.03399 % 
0.01641 % 
0.00717 % 
0.00237 % 
0.01732 % 
0.01017 % 
0.00268 % 
0.02965 % 
0.01512 % 
0.01280 % 
0.03697 % 
20 
0.01747 % 
0.04381 % 
0.03552 % 
0.01434 % 
0.00237 % 
0.01732 % 
0.01131 % 
0.00268 % 
0.02965 % 
0.01512 % 
0.01280 % 
0.03801 % 
21 
0.01747 % 
0.04381 % 
0.03552 % 
0.01663 % 
0.00475 % 
0.01732 % 
0.01338 % 
0.00268 % 
0.02965 % 
0.01512 % 
0.01280 % 
0.03801 % 
22 
0.01747 % 
0.04381 % 
0.03554 % 
0.02724 % 
0.01175 % 
0.03465 % 
0.01338 % 
0.00268 % 
0.02965 % 
0.01512 % 
0.01280 % 
0.03801 % 
23 
0.01747 % 
0.04381 % 
0.03643 % 
0.02724 % 
0.01175 % 
0.03465 % 
0.03462 % 
0.00268 % 
0.02965 % 
0.02277 % 
0.01359 % 
0.03801 % 
24 
0.05641 % 
0.04381 % 
0.03643 % 
0.03640 % 
0.01175 % 
0.04322 % 
0.03462 % 
0.01074 % 
0.02965 % 
0.02277 % 
0.01359 % 
0.07020 %

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
 
Age 
01.2021 
02.2021 
03.2021 
04.2021 
05.2021 
06.2021 
07.2021 
08.2021 
09.2021 
10.2021 
11.2021 
12.2021 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
46,634,885.
82 EUR 
66,739,703.
06 EUR 
103,709,750.
41 EUR 
109,288,122.
33 EUR 
108,018,387.
94 EUR 
112,348,390.
41 EUR 
115,639,671.
05 EUR 
82,372,436.
57 EUR 
89,033,885.
80 EUR 
100,961,362.
68 EUR 
70,835,295.
91 EUR 
46,825,236.
12 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
1,669 
2,653 
4,205 
4,261 
4,157 
4,450 
4,638 
3,342 
3,301 
3,591 
2,432 
1,567 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2021 
02.2021 
03.2021 
04.2021 
05.2021 
06.2021 
07.2021 
08.2021 
09.2021 
10.2021 
11.2021 
12.2021 
25 
0.05641 % 
0.07412 % 
0.03643 % 
0.03640 % 
0.01574 % 
0.04882 % 
0.03462 % 
0.01855 % 
0.06568 % 
0.02277 % 
0.01359 % 
0.08594 % 
26 
0.06912 % 
0.07685 % 
0.03643 % 
0.03640 % 
0.03560 % 
0.05845 % 
0.04158 % 
0.01855 % 
0.06568 % 
0.05776 % 
0.01579 % 
0.08594 % 
27 
0.06912 % 
0.07685 % 
0.03643 % 
0.03640 % 
0.03560 % 
0.05845 % 
0.04158 % 
0.03558 % 
0.06568 % 
0.05776 % 
0.03158 % 
0.08594 % 
28 
0.06912 % 
0.07685 % 
0.03643 % 
0.03640 % 
0.05719 % 
0.06091 % 
0.04416 % 
0.03558 % 
0.07522 % 
0.06065 % 
0.08929 % 
0.17674 % 
29 
0.06912 % 
0.07685 % 
0.04084 % 
0.05287 % 
0.06160 % 
0.06970 % 
0.06991 % 
0.04139 % 
0.08569 % 
0.06065 % 
0.09061 % 
0.17674 % 
30 
0.06912 % 
0.07685 % 
0.05138 % 
0.07259 % 
0.07683 % 
0.07435 % 
0.07290 % 
0.05543 % 
0.09638 % 
0.09160 % 
0.09061 % 
0.17674 % 
31 
0.06979 % 
0.07851 % 
0.05689 % 
0.07259 % 
0.07683 % 
0.07435 % 
0.08430 % 
0.05800 % 
0.11721 % 
0.09493 % 
0.09369 % 
0.17674 % 
32 
0.11383 % 
0.08391 % 
0.05888 % 
0.09097 % 
0.07683 % 
0.07584 % 
0.08430 % 
0.05800 % 
0.11721 % 
0.09493 % 
0.09752 % 
  
33 
0.12990 % 
0.10620 % 
0.06166 % 
0.10376 % 
0.07683 % 
0.07584 % 
0.10620 % 
0.06099 % 
0.11721 % 
0.10922 % 
  
  
34 
0.12990 % 
0.10976 % 
0.07607 % 
0.10598 % 
0.07683 % 
0.09769 % 
0.10620 % 
0.06131 % 
0.11721 % 
  
  
  
35 
0.13413 % 
0.12286 % 
0.08076 % 
0.10598 % 
0.08794 % 
0.09769 % 
0.10620 % 
0.09879 % 
  
  
  
  
36 
0.14444 % 
0.15889 % 
0.08619 % 
0.11331 % 
0.08794 % 
0.10082 % 
0.10620 % 
  
  
  
  
  
37 
0.14444 % 
0.17247 % 
0.08676 % 
0.15059 % 
0.08794 % 
0.10236 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
38 
0.14444 % 
0.17247 % 
0.08861 % 
0.15059 % 
0.09972 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
39 
0.15158 % 
0.17247 % 
0.10602 % 
0.15059 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
40 
0.15158 % 
0.17247 % 
0.10602 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
41 
0.15158 % 
0.17341 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
42 
0.15158 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Age 
01.2022 
02.2022 
03.2022 
04.2022 
05.2022 
06.2022 
07.2022 
08.2022 
09.2022 
10.2022 
11.2022 
12.2022 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
25,388,236
.84 EUR 
30,324,319
.69 EUR 
42,945,152
.93 EUR 
44,105,256
.06 EUR 
46,491,198
.50 EUR 
41,936,344
.98 EUR 
45,130,138
.93 EUR 
44,755,211
.00 EUR 
55,152,549
.90 EUR 
69,942,895
.93 EUR 
68,773,261
.84 EUR 
54,285,712
.35 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
891 
1,020 
1,361 
1,372 
1,374 
1,268 
1,324 
1,312 
1,595 
2,040 
2,064 
1,610 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2022 
02.2022 
03.2022 
04.2022 
05.2022 
06.2022 
07.2022 
08.2022 
09.2022 
10.2022 
11.2022 
12.2022 
1 
0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 
2 
0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 
3 
0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 
4 
0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 
5 
0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 
6 
0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 %

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
 
Age 
01.2022 
02.2022 
03.2022 
04.2022 
05.2022 
06.2022 
07.2022 
08.2022 
09.2022 
10.2022 
11.2022 
12.2022 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
25,388,236
.84 EUR 
30,324,319
.69 EUR 
42,945,152
.93 EUR 
44,105,256
.06 EUR 
46,491,198
.50 EUR 
41,936,344
.98 EUR 
45,130,138
.93 EUR 
44,755,211
.00 EUR 
55,152,549
.90 EUR 
69,942,895
.93 EUR 
68,773,261
.84 EUR 
54,285,712
.35 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
891 
1,020 
1,361 
1,372 
1,374 
1,268 
1,324 
1,312 
1,595 
2,040 
2,064 
1,610 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2022 
02.2022 
03.2022 
04.2022 
05.2022 
06.2022 
07.2022 
08.2022 
09.2022 
10.2022 
11.2022 
12.2022 
7 
0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 
8 
0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00064 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 
9 
0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00177 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00064 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 
10 
0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00177 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00064 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 
11 
0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00177 % 0.01615 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00064 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00385 % 0.00000 % 
12 
0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00177 % 0.01615 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00064 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00218 % 0.00385 % 0.00000 % 
13 
0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00177 % 0.01615 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00064 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00921 % 0.00385 % 0.00245 % 
14 
0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00177 % 0.01901 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00064 % 0.00810 % 0.00000 % 0.01749 % 0.00857 % 0.00245 % 
15 
0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00177 % 0.01901 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00064 % 0.00810 % 0.00000 % 0.01749 % 0.00857 % 0.00245 % 
16 
0.00281 % 0.00000 % 0.00177 % 0.01901 % 0.00000 % 0.00000 % 0.00064 % 0.00810 % 0.00000 % 0.01749 % 0.00857 % 0.00245 % 
17 
0.00281 % 0.00000 % 0.01611 % 0.01901 % 0.00000 % 0.00622 % 0.00064 % 0.00810 % 0.00000 % 0.01749 % 0.00857 % 0.00245 % 
18 
0.02133 % 0.00000 % 0.01611 % 0.02670 % 0.00000 % 0.00622 % 0.00064 % 0.00810 % 0.00943 % 0.02069 % 0.00857 % 0.00245 % 
19 
0.02133 % 0.00219 % 0.01611 % 0.03998 % 0.00000 % 0.02009 % 0.00064 % 0.01728 % 0.00943 % 0.02069 % 0.01618 % 0.00245 % 
20 
0.02133 % 0.00455 % 0.01611 % 0.04809 % 0.00745 % 0.03311 % 0.00064 % 0.04697 % 0.01349 % 0.02462 % 0.01618 % 
  
21 
0.02133 % 0.00455 % 0.01611 % 0.04809 % 0.06328 % 0.03311 % 0.00064 % 0.04697 % 0.01349 % 0.02462 % 
  
  
22 
0.02312 % 0.01551 % 0.04207 % 0.04809 % 0.06328 % 0.03311 % 0.01209 % 0.04697 % 0.01349 % 
  
  
  
23 
0.02312 % 0.01551 % 0.04207 % 0.11098 % 0.06328 % 0.05133 % 0.01209 % 0.04697 % 
  
  
  
  
24 
0.02312 % 0.01551 % 0.04207 % 0.12454 % 0.07355 % 0.07856 % 0.01209 % 
  
  
  
  
  
25 
0.02312 % 0.02850 % 0.04995 % 0.14603 % 0.07355 % 0.07856 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
26 
0.02312 % 0.02850 % 0.06045 % 0.14845 % 0.07355 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
27 
0.04069 % 0.02850 % 0.06045 % 0.14845 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
28 
0.05798 % 0.02850 % 0.08372 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
29 
0.27215 % 0.02850 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
30 
0.28887 %

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
 
Age 
01.2023 
02.2023 
03.2023 
04.2023 
05.2023 
06.2023 
07.2023 
08.2023 
09.2023 
10.2023 
11.2023 
12.2023 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
48,665,538.
58 EUR 
75,058,896.
68 EUR 
98,943,759.
06 EUR 
120,122,397.
61 EUR 
128,725,778.
71 EUR 
124,661,666.
51 EUR 
148,552,321.
34 EUR 
135,536,896.
27 EUR 
152,489,756.
16 EUR 
267,309,740.
03 EUR 
276,380,363.
07 EUR 
221,046,647.
13 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
1,545 
2,458 
3,044 
3,299 
3,411 
3,503 
4,358 
4,192 
5,151 
8,909 
9,365 
7,586 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2023 
02.2023 
03.2023 
04.2023 
05.2023 
06.2023 
07.2023 
08.2023 
09.2023 
10.2023 
11.2023 
12.2023 
1 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
2 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
3 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
4 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
5 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
6 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
7 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
8 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
  
9 
0.00000 % 
0.00221 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
  
  
10 
0.00000 % 
0.00221 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
  
  
  
11 
0.00000 % 
0.00221 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00548 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
  
  
  
  
12 
0.00000 % 
0.02414 % 
0.00569 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00548 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
  
  
  
  
  
13 
0.00000 % 
0.02414 % 
0.00569 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00548 % 
0.00000 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
14 
0.02426 % 
0.02414 % 
0.00569 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00548 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
15 
0.02426 % 
0.02635 % 
0.00569 % 
0.00000 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
16 
0.02426 % 
0.03447 % 
0.00569 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
17 
0.02426 % 
0.03447 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
18 
0.02426 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Age 
01.2024 
02.2024 
03.2024 
04.2024 
05.2024 
06.2024 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
190,373,668.28 EUR 
175,961,040.76 EUR 
140,886,609.11 EUR 
165,489,366.56 EUR 
136,019,073.17 EUR 
45,709,340.94 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of contracts 
6,469 
5,658 
4,614 
5,033 
3,900 
1,316 
Age|Month of start service provision 
01.2024 
02.2024 
03.2024 
04.2024 
05.2024 
06.2024 
1 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
2 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
  
3 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
  
  
4 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
  
  
  
5 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
  
  
  
  
6 
0.00000 %

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
 
 
 
0,00000 %
0,20000 %
0,40000 %
0,60000 %
0,80000 %
1,00000 %
1,20000 %
1,40000 %
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66
01.2019
02.2019
03.2019
04.2019
05.2019
06.2019
07.2019
08.2019
09.2019
10.2019
11.2019
12.2019
01.2020
02.2020
03.2020
04.2020
05.2020
06.2020
07.2020
08.2020
09.2020
10.2020
11.2020
12.2020
01.2021
02.2021
03.2021
04.2021
05.2021
06.2021
07.2021
08.2021
09.2021
10.2021
11.2021
12.2021
01.2022
02.2022
03.2022
04.2022
05.2022
06.2022
07.2022
08.2022
09.2022
10.2022
11.2022
12.2022
01.2023
02.2023
03.2023
04.2023
05.2023
06.2023
07.2023
08.2023
09.2023
10.2023
11.2023
12.2023
01.2024
02.2024
03.2024
04.2024
05.2024
06.2024

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
 
Cumulative monthly net losses on Lease Receivables (in percentages) – New Cars 
Age 
01.2019 
02.2019 
03.2019 
04.2019 
05.2019 
06.2019 
07.2019 
08.2019 
09.2019 
10.2019 
11.2019 
12.2019 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
990,425,20
8.93 EUR 
1,012,869,85
5.09 EUR 
1,253,271,68
3.08 EUR 
1,168,523,77
0.51 EUR 
1,265,412,06
8.07 EUR 
1,166,729,30
4.08 EUR 
1,379,807,67
0.49 EUR 
1,195,995,84
9.85 EUR 
834,387,37
0.42 EUR 
1,203,699,61
1.77 EUR 
1,342,546,25
8.37 EUR 
1,151,098,08
4.89 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
35,451 
36,210 
43,655 
41,397 
44,598 
41,077 
47,822 
41,351 
28,331 
41,643 
46,254 
38,576 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2019 
02.2019 
03.2019 
04.2019 
05.2019 
06.2019 
07.2019 
08.2019 
09.2019 
10.2019 
11.2019 
12.2019 
1 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
2 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
3 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
4 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
5 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
6 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
7 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00014 % 
0.00003 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00202 % 
0.00000 % 
8 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00008 % 
0.00014 % 
0.00003 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00202 % 
0.00112 % 
9 
0.00000 % 
0.00159 % 
0.00021 % 
0.00057 % 
0.00008 % 
0.00043 % 
0.00233 % 
0.00545 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00095 % 
0.00202 % 
0.00179 % 
10 
0.00006 % 
0.00209 % 
0.00069 % 
0.00057 % 
0.00056 % 
0.00043 % 
0.00561 % 
0.00546 % 
0.00149 % 
0.00173 % 
0.00352 % 
0.00323 % 
11 
0.00062 % 
0.00253 % 
0.00220 % 
0.00057 % 
0.00088 % 
0.00250 % 
0.00650 % 
0.00581 % 
0.00742 % 
0.00289 % 
0.00352 % 
0.00384 % 
12 
0.00111 % 
0.00266 % 
0.00455 % 
0.00057 % 
0.00448 % 
0.00494 % 
0.00960 % 
0.01336 % 
0.00781 % 
0.00297 % 
0.01095 % 
0.00514 % 
13 
0.00466 % 
0.00550 % 
0.00530 % 
0.00124 % 
0.00539 % 
0.00754 % 
0.01768 % 
0.01336 % 
0.00781 % 
0.00864 % 
0.01197 % 
0.00595 % 
14 
0.00607 % 
0.00660 % 
0.00783 % 
0.00429 % 
0.01048 % 
0.01118 % 
0.01890 % 
0.01430 % 
0.01323 % 
0.01074 % 
0.01586 % 
0.00893 % 
15 
0.00660 % 
0.00999 % 
0.01084 % 
0.01326 % 
0.01272 % 
0.01673 % 
0.02382 % 
0.01613 % 
0.01578 % 
0.02173 % 
0.01599 % 
0.01112 % 
16 
0.01085 % 
0.01354 % 
0.01570 % 
0.02529 % 
0.02713 % 
0.02013 % 
0.02879 % 
0.02136 % 
0.01896 % 
0.02438 % 
0.01758 % 
0.01929 % 
17 
0.01532 % 
0.01854 % 
0.02082 % 
0.02905 % 
0.02861 % 
0.02257 % 
0.03008 % 
0.02588 % 
0.02273 % 
0.02611 % 
0.02035 % 
0.02149 % 
18 
0.02167 % 
0.02629 % 
0.02146 % 
0.03080 % 
0.03250 % 
0.02457 % 
0.04623 % 
0.03283 % 
0.02633 % 
0.02762 % 
0.02041 % 
0.02369 % 
19 
0.02622 % 
0.02960 % 
0.02368 % 
0.03589 % 
0.03756 % 
0.03722 % 
0.05185 % 
0.03539 % 
0.02754 % 
0.03162 % 
0.02113 % 
0.02640 % 
20 
0.03237 % 
0.03581 % 
0.03401 % 
0.03890 % 
0.05270 % 
0.04316 % 
0.06109 % 
0.03898 % 
0.02921 % 
0.03486 % 
0.02350 % 
0.03194 % 
21 
0.03826 % 
0.04393 % 
0.03914 % 
0.04969 % 
0.05717 % 
0.05727 % 
0.06211 % 
0.03908 % 
0.03122 % 
0.03665 % 
0.03420 % 
0.03711 % 
22 
0.04486 % 
0.05166 % 
0.04709 % 
0.07133 % 
0.06358 % 
0.06056 % 
0.06455 % 
0.04129 % 
0.03541 % 
0.04993 % 
0.03865 % 
0.04745 % 
23 
0.04780 % 
0.05754 % 
0.05362 % 
0.07817 % 
0.06763 % 
0.06450 % 
0.06674 % 
0.05609 % 
0.05017 % 
0.05529 % 
0.03948 % 
0.05306 % 
24 
0.05590 % 
0.06425 % 
0.06776 % 
0.08184 % 
0.07138 % 
0.07077 % 
0.07259 % 
0.06890 % 
0.05575 % 
0.05940 % 
0.04944 % 
0.05608 % 
25 
0.06588 % 
0.08150 % 
0.07042 % 
0.08302 % 
0.07671 % 
0.07159 % 
0.08447 % 
0.08720 % 
0.06300 % 
0.08266 % 
0.05231 % 
0.05944 % 
26 
0.07063 % 
0.08583 % 
0.08048 % 
0.08897 % 
0.08889 % 
0.08430 % 
0.08913 % 
0.09799 % 
0.06724 % 
0.08960 % 
0.06837 % 
0.06636 % 
27 
0.07249 % 
0.08625 % 
0.08383 % 
0.09145 % 
0.09855 % 
0.09255 % 
0.09734 % 
0.09867 % 
0.07078 % 
0.09569 % 
0.07209 % 
0.07234 % 
28 
0.07669 % 
0.09039 % 
0.08623 % 
0.09830 % 
0.10231 % 
0.09920 % 
0.10023 % 
0.10230 % 
0.07387 % 
0.09785 % 
0.08469 % 
0.07731 % 
29 
0.07761 % 
0.09634 % 
0.09751 % 
0.10364 % 
0.10433 % 
0.10042 % 
0.11829 % 
0.10601 % 
0.07657 % 
0.10049 % 
0.09033 % 
0.07878 % 
30 
0.07872 % 
0.11012 % 
0.10713 % 
0.10435 % 
0.10889 % 
0.10265 % 
0.12204 % 
0.11314 % 
0.07854 % 
0.10187 % 
0.10004 % 
0.10140 %

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
 
Age 
01.2019 
02.2019 
03.2019 
04.2019 
05.2019 
06.2019 
07.2019 
08.2019 
09.2019 
10.2019 
11.2019 
12.2019 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
990,425,20
8.93 EUR 
1,012,869,85
5.09 EUR 
1,253,271,68
3.08 EUR 
1,168,523,77
0.51 EUR 
1,265,412,06
8.07 EUR 
1,166,729,30
4.08 EUR 
1,379,807,67
0.49 EUR 
1,195,995,84
9.85 EUR 
834,387,37
0.42 EUR 
1,203,699,61
1.77 EUR 
1,342,546,25
8.37 EUR 
1,151,098,08
4.89 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
35,451 
36,210 
43,655 
41,397 
44,598 
41,077 
47,822 
41,351 
28,331 
41,643 
46,254 
38,576 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2019 
02.2019 
03.2019 
04.2019 
05.2019 
06.2019 
07.2019 
08.2019 
09.2019 
10.2019 
11.2019 
12.2019 
31 
0.09346 % 
0.13520 % 
0.11261 % 
0.11323 % 
0.11433 % 
0.10635 % 
0.12363 % 
0.11933 % 
0.07934 % 
0.10286 % 
0.10109 % 
0.10712 % 
32 
0.09760 % 
0.13965 % 
0.12381 % 
0.11914 % 
0.11730 % 
0.12044 % 
0.12595 % 
0.12303 % 
0.08642 % 
0.10400 % 
0.10109 % 
0.13056 % 
33 
0.10146 % 
0.15113 % 
0.12807 % 
0.12513 % 
0.12185 % 
0.12819 % 
0.13086 % 
0.14364 % 
0.08833 % 
0.10998 % 
0.10514 % 
0.13623 % 
34 
0.11123 % 
0.15519 % 
0.13374 % 
0.13337 % 
0.12285 % 
0.13431 % 
0.13455 % 
0.14375 % 
0.09011 % 
0.11705 % 
0.10769 % 
0.14180 % 
35 
0.12315 % 
0.16200 % 
0.13593 % 
0.13747 % 
0.14127 % 
0.13824 % 
0.13496 % 
0.14384 % 
0.09653 % 
0.12003 % 
0.10852 % 
0.14288 % 
36 
0.12401 % 
0.16397 % 
0.13938 % 
0.14094 % 
0.14416 % 
0.13999 % 
0.13881 % 
0.15253 % 
0.10304 % 
0.12360 % 
0.10877 % 
0.14511 % 
37 
0.12799 % 
0.16912 % 
0.14021 % 
0.14638 % 
0.14913 % 
0.14157 % 
0.14803 % 
0.15521 % 
0.10624 % 
0.12405 % 
0.11362 % 
0.14881 % 
38 
0.13318 % 
0.17363 % 
0.14508 % 
0.15038 % 
0.14959 % 
0.14665 % 
0.15363 % 
0.15609 % 
0.10729 % 
0.12609 % 
0.11545 % 
0.15362 % 
39 
0.14875 % 
0.17686 % 
0.14962 % 
0.15077 % 
0.15414 % 
0.14823 % 
0.15645 % 
0.15704 % 
0.10933 % 
0.12778 % 
0.11818 % 
0.15474 % 
40 
0.15304 % 
0.18018 % 
0.15331 % 
0.15422 % 
0.15470 % 
0.14883 % 
0.16020 % 
0.15948 % 
0.11118 % 
0.12896 % 
0.12007 % 
0.15885 % 
41 
0.15909 % 
0.18018 % 
0.16582 % 
0.15654 % 
0.15653 % 
0.14883 % 
0.16230 % 
0.16535 % 
0.11574 % 
0.13646 % 
0.12393 % 
0.16083 % 
42 
0.15985 % 
0.18565 % 
0.16813 % 
0.15887 % 
0.15871 % 
0.15148 % 
0.16335 % 
0.16629 % 
0.12349 % 
0.13798 % 
0.12493 % 
0.16136 % 
43 
0.17167 % 
0.19615 % 
0.17083 % 
0.16007 % 
0.16224 % 
0.15292 % 
0.16640 % 
0.16734 % 
0.12359 % 
0.13915 % 
0.13114 % 
0.16324 % 
44 
0.17709 % 
0.19868 % 
0.17083 % 
0.16074 % 
0.16417 % 
0.15396 % 
0.17272 % 
0.17018 % 
0.12470 % 
0.14089 % 
0.13276 % 
0.16684 % 
45 
0.18247 % 
0.20018 % 
0.17787 % 
0.16710 % 
0.16776 % 
0.15681 % 
0.17359 % 
0.17042 % 
0.12525 % 
0.15028 % 
0.13654 % 
0.17151 % 
46 
0.18600 % 
0.20591 % 
0.18435 % 
0.16920 % 
0.17119 % 
0.15900 % 
0.17615 % 
0.17292 % 
0.12591 % 
0.15278 % 
0.14092 % 
0.18225 % 
47 
0.18787 % 
0.21072 % 
0.18695 % 
0.17491 % 
0.17835 % 
0.16120 % 
0.17891 % 
0.17592 % 
0.12845 % 
0.15750 % 
0.14504 % 
0.18333 % 
48 
0.19237 % 
0.21158 % 
0.19461 % 
0.17765 % 
0.18138 % 
0.16266 % 
0.18628 % 
0.17662 % 
0.13249 % 
0.16057 % 
0.14581 % 
0.18771 % 
49 
0.19377 % 
0.21266 % 
0.19915 % 
0.17824 % 
0.18184 % 
0.16526 % 
0.18895 % 
0.17866 % 
0.13921 % 
0.16480 % 
0.14994 % 
0.18978 % 
50 
0.19610 % 
0.21495 % 
0.19932 % 
0.18170 % 
0.18546 % 
0.16963 % 
0.19376 % 
0.17950 % 
0.14190 % 
0.16644 % 
0.15351 % 
0.19258 % 
51 
0.19901 % 
0.21627 % 
0.20161 % 
0.18765 % 
0.18775 % 
0.17361 % 
0.19547 % 
0.18093 % 
0.14400 % 
0.16890 % 
0.15532 % 
0.19747 % 
52 
0.19958 % 
0.22038 % 
0.20616 % 
0.19203 % 
0.19443 % 
0.17418 % 
0.19737 % 
0.18288 % 
0.15317 % 
0.17775 % 
0.15599 % 
0.19950 % 
53 
0.20281 % 
0.22573 % 
0.21084 % 
0.19523 % 
0.19534 % 
0.17437 % 
0.20122 % 
0.18390 % 
0.15461 % 
0.19186 % 
0.15903 % 
0.21070 % 
54 
0.20471 % 
0.23171 % 
0.21645 % 
0.19593 % 
0.19581 % 
0.17683 % 
0.20305 % 
0.18596 % 
0.15740 % 
0.19447 % 
0.16487 % 
0.21132 % 
55 
0.20910 % 
0.23694 % 
0.21803 % 
0.19726 % 
0.20063 % 
0.18115 % 
0.20652 % 
0.18599 % 
0.16305 % 
0.19900 % 
0.16580 % 
0.21269 % 
56 
0.21256 % 
0.23858 % 
0.21988 % 
0.20107 % 
0.20422 % 
0.18596 % 
0.20959 % 
0.18965 % 
0.16832 % 
0.20028 % 
0.16748 % 
  
57 
0.21289 % 
0.23993 % 
0.22194 % 
0.20326 % 
0.20667 % 
0.18647 % 
0.21097 % 
0.19562 % 
0.17079 % 
0.20158 % 
  
  
58 
0.21411 % 
0.24545 % 
0.22792 % 
0.20646 % 
0.20766 % 
0.18907 % 
0.21382 % 
0.19801 % 
0.17110 % 
  
  
  
59 
0.21758 % 
0.24572 % 
0.23235 % 
0.20790 % 
0.21068 % 
0.19696 % 
0.21856 % 
0.20021 % 
  
  
  
  
60 
0.22234 % 
0.24831 % 
0.23376 % 
0.21049 % 
0.21774 % 
0.20051 % 
0.21863 % 
  
  
  
  
  
61 
0.22304 % 
0.25212 % 
0.23600 % 
0.21237 % 
0.21838 % 
0.20385 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
62 
0.22339 % 
0.25353 % 
0.23856 % 
0.21344 % 
0.21899 %

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
 
Age 
01.2019 
02.2019 
03.2019 
04.2019 
05.2019 
06.2019 
07.2019 
08.2019 
09.2019 
10.2019 
11.2019 
12.2019 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
990,425,20
8.93 EUR 
1,012,869,85
5.09 EUR 
1,253,271,68
3.08 EUR 
1,168,523,77
0.51 EUR 
1,265,412,06
8.07 EUR 
1,166,729,30
4.08 EUR 
1,379,807,67
0.49 EUR 
1,195,995,84
9.85 EUR 
834,387,37
0.42 EUR 
1,203,699,61
1.77 EUR 
1,342,546,25
8.37 EUR 
1,151,098,08
4.89 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
35,451 
36,210 
43,655 
41,397 
44,598 
41,077 
47,822 
41,351 
28,331 
41,643 
46,254 
38,576 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2019 
02.2019 
03.2019 
04.2019 
05.2019 
06.2019 
07.2019 
08.2019 
09.2019 
10.2019 
11.2019 
12.2019 
63 
0.22454 % 
0.25815 % 
0.24752 % 
0.21475 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
64 
0.22734 % 
0.25900 % 
0.25050 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
65 
0.22881 % 
0.26127 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
66 
0.23067 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Age 
01.2020 
02.2020 
03.2020 
04.2020 
05.2020 
06.2020 
07.2020 
08.2020 
09.2020 
10.2020 
11.2020 
12.2020 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
1,167,025,19
1.73 EUR 
1,157,089,65
5.80 EUR 
1,148,250,03
8.91 EUR 
692,794,76
8.59 EUR 
806,455,22
9.54 EUR 
989,424,56
1.16 EUR 
1,498,206,62
0.67 EUR 
1,192,564,17
1.71 EUR 
1,174,945,59
2.89 EUR 
1,275,080,98
7.44 EUR 
1,340,479,16
9.72 EUR 
1,426,512,22
3.73 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
40,334 
40,204 
38,720 
23,110 
26,642 
34,084 
51,109 
40,529 
39,266 
43,092 
45,849 
47,415 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2020 
02.2020 
03.2020 
04.2020 
05.2020 
06.2020 
07.2020 
08.2020 
09.2020 
10.2020 
11.2020 
12.2020 
1 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
2 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
3 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
4 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
5 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
6 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00010 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00016 % 
7 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00010 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00016 % 
8 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00010 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00006 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00016 % 
9 
0.00166 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00020 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00006 % 
0.00033 % 
0.00059 % 
0.00007 % 
0.00018 % 
10 
0.00174 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00011 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00020 % 
0.00019 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00143 % 
0.00063 % 
0.00059 % 
0.00099 % 
0.00039 % 
11 
0.00179 % 
0.00390 % 
0.00042 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00105 % 
0.00019 % 
0.00158 % 
0.00146 % 
0.00224 % 
0.00081 % 
0.00099 % 
0.00039 % 
12 
0.00544 % 
0.00404 % 
0.00047 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00105 % 
0.00208 % 
0.00493 % 
0.00322 % 
0.00260 % 
0.00081 % 
0.00289 % 
0.00316 % 
13 
0.00544 % 
0.00496 % 
0.00047 % 
0.00006 % 
0.00123 % 
0.00242 % 
0.00581 % 
0.01017 % 
0.00611 % 
0.00173 % 
0.00315 % 
0.00464 % 
14 
0.00616 % 
0.00522 % 
0.00163 % 
0.00006 % 
0.00136 % 
0.00805 % 
0.00679 % 
0.01168 % 
0.00830 % 
0.01014 % 
0.00315 % 
0.00489 % 
15 
0.00616 % 
0.00625 % 
0.00355 % 
0.00101 % 
0.01120 % 
0.01286 % 
0.00745 % 
0.01250 % 
0.01036 % 
0.01183 % 
0.00773 % 
0.00489 % 
16 
0.00693 % 
0.01355 % 
0.00460 % 
0.00445 % 
0.01364 % 
0.01383 % 
0.00775 % 
0.01253 % 
0.01408 % 
0.01307 % 
0.00962 % 
0.01066 % 
17 
0.00984 % 
0.01575 % 
0.01174 % 
0.01498 % 
0.02120 % 
0.01988 % 
0.00947 % 
0.01704 % 
0.01471 % 
0.01338 % 
0.01252 % 
0.01260 % 
18 
0.01075 % 
0.02420 % 
0.01228 % 
0.01670 % 
0.03589 % 
0.02488 % 
0.01983 % 
0.02031 % 
0.01693 % 
0.01387 % 
0.01535 % 
0.01353 % 
19 
0.01430 % 
0.02715 % 
0.01569 % 
0.02155 % 
0.03776 % 
0.02771 % 
0.02593 % 
0.02031 % 
0.01861 % 
0.01395 % 
0.01594 % 
0.01456 % 
20 
0.01589 % 
0.03019 % 
0.01766 % 
0.02382 % 
0.03951 % 
0.02956 % 
0.02869 % 
0.02564 % 
0.02413 % 
0.01461 % 
0.01601 % 
0.01883 % 
21 
0.02429 % 
0.03178 % 
0.02140 % 
0.02705 % 
0.04131 % 
0.03624 % 
0.02955 % 
0.02733 % 
0.02437 % 
0.01568 % 
0.01657 % 
0.02039 %

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
 
Age 
01.2020 
02.2020 
03.2020 
04.2020 
05.2020 
06.2020 
07.2020 
08.2020 
09.2020 
10.2020 
11.2020 
12.2020 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
1,167,025,19
1.73 EUR 
1,157,089,65
5.80 EUR 
1,148,250,03
8.91 EUR 
692,794,76
8.59 EUR 
806,455,22
9.54 EUR 
989,424,56
1.16 EUR 
1,498,206,62
0.67 EUR 
1,192,564,17
1.71 EUR 
1,174,945,59
2.89 EUR 
1,275,080,98
7.44 EUR 
1,340,479,16
9.72 EUR 
1,426,512,22
3.73 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
40,334 
40,204 
38,720 
23,110 
26,642 
34,084 
51,109 
40,529 
39,266 
43,092 
45,849 
47,415 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2020 
02.2020 
03.2020 
04.2020 
05.2020 
06.2020 
07.2020 
08.2020 
09.2020 
10.2020 
11.2020 
12.2020 
22 
0.02499 % 
0.03587 % 
0.02521 % 
0.06932 % 
0.04223 % 
0.03916 % 
0.03218 % 
0.02893 % 
0.02437 % 
0.01994 % 
0.01672 % 
0.02228 % 
23 
0.03261 % 
0.04234 % 
0.02655 % 
0.07453 % 
0.04578 % 
0.04041 % 
0.03237 % 
0.02904 % 
0.03594 % 
0.02120 % 
0.01701 % 
0.02231 % 
24 
0.03599 % 
0.04682 % 
0.02928 % 
0.08305 % 
0.04856 % 
0.04082 % 
0.03274 % 
0.03000 % 
0.03721 % 
0.02220 % 
0.01701 % 
0.02363 % 
25 
0.03726 % 
0.05076 % 
0.03398 % 
0.08727 % 
0.04927 % 
0.04142 % 
0.03360 % 
0.03060 % 
0.04315 % 
0.02245 % 
0.02769 % 
0.02585 % 
26 
0.05037 % 
0.05578 % 
0.04014 % 
0.08727 % 
0.05268 % 
0.04435 % 
0.04094 % 
0.03459 % 
0.04378 % 
0.02257 % 
0.02944 % 
0.02722 % 
27 
0.05543 % 
0.06577 % 
0.04230 % 
0.08727 % 
0.05780 % 
0.04617 % 
0.04239 % 
0.03500 % 
0.04403 % 
0.02365 % 
0.03004 % 
0.03011 % 
28 
0.07266 % 
0.06949 % 
0.04310 % 
0.08855 % 
0.05939 % 
0.04720 % 
0.04450 % 
0.03750 % 
0.04487 % 
0.02681 % 
0.03088 % 
0.03098 % 
29 
0.07266 % 
0.07483 % 
0.05866 % 
0.09103 % 
0.06144 % 
0.04900 % 
0.05376 % 
0.03914 % 
0.04589 % 
0.02907 % 
0.03435 % 
0.03491 % 
30 
0.07402 % 
0.08082 % 
0.06287 % 
0.09184 % 
0.06272 % 
0.05528 % 
0.05744 % 
0.04460 % 
0.04664 % 
0.03009 % 
0.03454 % 
0.03584 % 
31 
0.07574 % 
0.08935 % 
0.06611 % 
0.09184 % 
0.06927 % 
0.05736 % 
0.05920 % 
0.05005 % 
0.06285 % 
0.03103 % 
0.03572 % 
0.03818 % 
32 
0.07997 % 
0.09681 % 
0.06611 % 
0.09450 % 
0.07131 % 
0.06313 % 
0.06389 % 
0.05402 % 
0.06415 % 
0.03146 % 
0.03847 % 
0.04227 % 
33 
0.08061 % 
0.09757 % 
0.06732 % 
0.10217 % 
0.07332 % 
0.06345 % 
0.06534 % 
0.05429 % 
0.08159 % 
0.03304 % 
0.04448 % 
0.04476 % 
34 
0.08314 % 
0.10679 % 
0.06874 % 
0.10574 % 
0.07755 % 
0.06720 % 
0.06543 % 
0.05560 % 
0.08257 % 
0.03438 % 
0.04719 % 
0.04544 % 
35 
0.08520 % 
0.10769 % 
0.07065 % 
0.11143 % 
0.07937 % 
0.06745 % 
0.06991 % 
0.05902 % 
0.08432 % 
0.03703 % 
0.05021 % 
0.04750 % 
36 
0.08766 % 
0.10904 % 
0.07468 % 
0.11202 % 
0.07942 % 
0.06773 % 
0.07482 % 
0.06693 % 
0.08529 % 
0.04067 % 
0.05107 % 
0.05441 % 
37 
0.08949 % 
0.12373 % 
0.07710 % 
0.11219 % 
0.08609 % 
0.07523 % 
0.07904 % 
0.07081 % 
0.08629 % 
0.04186 % 
0.05506 % 
0.05551 % 
38 
0.08970 % 
0.12772 % 
0.07790 % 
0.11219 % 
0.08876 % 
0.07891 % 
0.08061 % 
0.07386 % 
0.08916 % 
0.04568 % 
0.06038 % 
0.06017 % 
39 
0.09507 % 
0.12861 % 
0.08136 % 
0.11461 % 
0.09257 % 
0.08318 % 
0.08109 % 
0.07640 % 
0.09797 % 
0.04801 % 
0.06123 % 
0.06798 % 
40 
0.09642 % 
0.12998 % 
0.08595 % 
0.11881 % 
0.09746 % 
0.08485 % 
0.08221 % 
0.08129 % 
0.10019 % 
0.05206 % 
0.06553 % 
0.07156 % 
41 
0.09903 % 
0.13354 % 
0.09390 % 
0.12126 % 
0.10506 % 
0.08589 % 
0.08568 % 
0.08302 % 
0.10569 % 
0.05392 % 
0.06931 % 
0.07273 % 
42 
0.10245 % 
0.13950 % 
0.09776 % 
0.12193 % 
0.10932 % 
0.09054 % 
0.08827 % 
0.08511 % 
0.12880 % 
0.05571 % 
0.07300 % 
0.07371 % 
43 
0.10715 % 
0.14229 % 
0.09859 % 
0.12256 % 
0.11194 % 
0.09134 % 
0.09826 % 
0.10463 % 
0.12946 % 
0.05709 % 
0.07336 % 
0.07510 % 
44 
0.10811 % 
0.14377 % 
0.09974 % 
0.12875 % 
0.11638 % 
0.09310 % 
0.09960 % 
0.10725 % 
0.13246 % 
0.05882 % 
0.07657 % 
  
45 
0.11023 % 
0.14476 % 
0.10194 % 
0.12974 % 
0.12479 % 
0.09773 % 
0.10214 % 
0.10867 % 
0.13469 % 
0.06033 % 
  
  
46 
0.11075 % 
0.14791 % 
0.10423 % 
0.16171 % 
0.12771 % 
0.10946 % 
0.11118 % 
0.11357 % 
0.13804 % 
  
  
  
47 
0.11349 % 
0.15020 % 
0.11464 % 
0.16467 % 
0.13271 % 
0.11928 % 
0.11310 % 
0.11417 % 
  
  
  
  
48 
0.11457 % 
0.15574 % 
0.11582 % 
0.16566 % 
0.13445 % 
0.12250 % 
0.11483 % 
  
  
  
  
  
49 
0.11715 % 
0.15959 % 
0.11700 % 
0.16782 % 
0.14480 % 
0.12339 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
50 
0.12310 % 
0.16818 % 
0.12330 % 
0.16803 % 
0.14760 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
51 
0.12651 % 
0.17388 % 
0.12560 % 
0.16811 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
52 
0.13245 % 
0.17567 % 
0.12667 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
53 
0.13472 % 
0.17658 %

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
 
Age 
01.2020 
02.2020 
03.2020 
04.2020 
05.2020 
06.2020 
07.2020 
08.2020 
09.2020 
10.2020 
11.2020 
12.2020 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
1,167,025,19
1.73 EUR 
1,157,089,65
5.80 EUR 
1,148,250,03
8.91 EUR 
692,794,76
8.59 EUR 
806,455,22
9.54 EUR 
989,424,56
1.16 EUR 
1,498,206,62
0.67 EUR 
1,192,564,17
1.71 EUR 
1,174,945,59
2.89 EUR 
1,275,080,98
7.44 EUR 
1,340,479,16
9.72 EUR 
1,426,512,22
3.73 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
40,334 
40,204 
38,720 
23,110 
26,642 
34,084 
51,109 
40,529 
39,266 
43,092 
45,849 
47,415 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2020 
02.2020 
03.2020 
04.2020 
05.2020 
06.2020 
07.2020 
08.2020 
09.2020 
10.2020 
11.2020 
12.2020 
54 
0.13802 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Age 
01.2021 
02.2021 
03.2021 
04.2021 
05.2021 
06.2021 
07.2021 
08.2021 
09.2021 
10.2021 
11.2021 
12.2021 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
1,019,636,91
2.99 EUR 
1,094,920,35
4.10 EUR 
1,592,474,70
3.12 EUR 
1,266,376,29
8.12 EUR 
1,296,519,15
6.26 EUR 
1,369,376,24
6.20 EUR 
1,306,531,76
8.58 EUR 
1,011,396,97
5.13 EUR 
879,081,38
0.04 EUR 
754,996,89
8.67 EUR 
854,226,37
0.96 EUR 
1,142,645,16
0.39 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
34,096 
36,322 
52,875 
41,653 
42,633 
46,265 
43,977 
34,014 
29,037 
24,918 
28,112 
36,300 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2021 
02.2021 
03.2021 
04.2021 
05.2021 
06.2021 
07.2021 
08.2021 
09.2021 
10.2021 
11.2021 
12.2021 
1 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
2 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
3 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
4 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
5 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00082 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
6 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00082 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00002 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
7 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00082 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00010 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
8 
0.00000 % 
0.00069 % 
0.00082 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00003 % 
0.00010 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
9 
0.00000 % 
0.00069 % 
0.00116 % 
0.00053 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00059 % 
0.00052 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00147 % 
0.00001 % 
10 
0.00000 % 
0.00069 % 
0.00234 % 
0.00053 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00059 % 
0.00107 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00176 % 
0.00003 % 
11 
0.00054 % 
0.00069 % 
0.00234 % 
0.00053 % 
0.00001 % 
0.00059 % 
0.00114 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00029 % 
0.00180 % 
0.00027 % 
12 
0.00148 % 
0.00069 % 
0.00252 % 
0.00250 % 
0.00011 % 
0.00128 % 
0.00123 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00020 % 
0.00168 % 
0.00180 % 
0.00108 % 
13 
0.00148 % 
0.00069 % 
0.00341 % 
0.00260 % 
0.00041 % 
0.00128 % 
0.00125 % 
0.00207 % 
0.00069 % 
0.00379 % 
0.00228 % 
0.00116 % 
14 
0.00148 % 
0.00076 % 
0.00368 % 
0.00271 % 
0.00041 % 
0.00137 % 
0.00200 % 
0.00348 % 
0.00069 % 
0.00379 % 
0.00243 % 
0.00139 % 
15 
0.00158 % 
0.00106 % 
0.00368 % 
0.00280 % 
0.00068 % 
0.00206 % 
0.00217 % 
0.00348 % 
0.00069 % 
0.00401 % 
0.00266 % 
0.00152 % 
16 
0.00256 % 
0.00106 % 
0.00379 % 
0.00708 % 
0.00174 % 
0.00401 % 
0.00308 % 
0.00364 % 
0.00088 % 
0.00448 % 
0.00284 % 
0.00152 % 
17 
0.00512 % 
0.00106 % 
0.00425 % 
0.01392 % 
0.00766 % 
0.00416 % 
0.00324 % 
0.00389 % 
0.00099 % 
0.00801 % 
0.00284 % 
0.00152 % 
18 
0.00512 % 
0.00922 % 
0.00595 % 
0.02243 % 
0.01057 % 
0.00687 % 
0.00328 % 
0.00443 % 
0.00174 % 
0.00801 % 
0.00284 % 
0.00158 % 
19 
0.00541 % 
0.00978 % 
0.01488 % 
0.02243 % 
0.01084 % 
0.00694 % 
0.00435 % 
0.00602 % 
0.00280 % 
0.00801 % 
0.00324 % 
0.00158 % 
20 
0.00568 % 
0.01462 % 
0.01491 % 
0.04509 % 
0.01089 % 
0.00700 % 
0.00616 % 
0.00623 % 
0.00333 % 
0.00801 % 
0.00324 % 
0.00176 % 
21 
0.00636 % 
0.01837 % 
0.01761 % 
0.04586 % 
0.02240 % 
0.00888 % 
0.00721 % 
0.00623 % 
0.00333 % 
0.00806 % 
0.00358 % 
0.00178 % 
22 
0.00667 % 
0.02132 % 
0.01839 % 
0.04633 % 
0.02489 % 
0.01887 % 
0.00728 % 
0.00623 % 
0.00333 % 
0.00921 % 
0.00404 % 
0.00259 % 
23 
0.00669 % 
0.02135 % 
0.02218 % 
0.04869 % 
0.02815 % 
0.01887 % 
0.01496 % 
0.00654 % 
0.00431 % 
0.00976 % 
0.00445 % 
0.00324 % 
24 
0.00723 % 
0.02337 % 
0.02526 % 
0.05476 % 
0.02815 % 
0.02029 % 
0.01496 % 
0.01464 % 
0.00492 % 
0.01028 % 
0.00530 % 
0.00555 %

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
 
Age 
01.2021 
02.2021 
03.2021 
04.2021 
05.2021 
06.2021 
07.2021 
08.2021 
09.2021 
10.2021 
11.2021 
12.2021 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
1,019,636,91
2.99 EUR 
1,094,920,35
4.10 EUR 
1,592,474,70
3.12 EUR 
1,266,376,29
8.12 EUR 
1,296,519,15
6.26 EUR 
1,369,376,24
6.20 EUR 
1,306,531,76
8.58 EUR 
1,011,396,97
5.13 EUR 
879,081,38
0.04 EUR 
754,996,89
8.67 EUR 
854,226,37
0.96 EUR 
1,142,645,16
0.39 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
34,096 
36,322 
52,875 
41,653 
42,633 
46,265 
43,977 
34,014 
29,037 
24,918 
28,112 
36,300 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2021 
02.2021 
03.2021 
04.2021 
05.2021 
06.2021 
07.2021 
08.2021 
09.2021 
10.2021 
11.2021 
12.2021 
1 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
25 
0.00728 % 
0.02574 % 
0.02547 % 
0.05476 % 
0.02876 % 
0.02159 % 
0.01513 % 
0.01464 % 
0.01080 % 
0.01266 % 
0.00724 % 
0.00593 % 
26 
0.00970 % 
0.02665 % 
0.02603 % 
0.05476 % 
0.03004 % 
0.02263 % 
0.01523 % 
0.01839 % 
0.01218 % 
0.03067 % 
0.00912 % 
0.00819 % 
27 
0.01797 % 
0.02665 % 
0.03183 % 
0.05632 % 
0.03461 % 
0.02312 % 
0.01872 % 
0.01852 % 
0.01743 % 
0.03521 % 
0.01884 % 
0.00858 % 
28 
0.01797 % 
0.02679 % 
0.03516 % 
0.05944 % 
0.03466 % 
0.02608 % 
0.02199 % 
0.02166 % 
0.01884 % 
0.03579 % 
0.01897 % 
0.02001 % 
29 
0.01797 % 
0.02715 % 
0.03938 % 
0.06542 % 
0.03757 % 
0.02759 % 
0.02371 % 
0.02445 % 
0.02251 % 
0.03846 % 
0.02037 % 
0.02169 % 
30 
0.01946 % 
0.03099 % 
0.04148 % 
0.06653 % 
0.03847 % 
0.03046 % 
0.02758 % 
0.03237 % 
0.02414 % 
0.04399 % 
0.02128 % 
0.02610 % 
31 
0.01988 % 
0.03421 % 
0.04284 % 
0.06695 % 
0.04553 % 
0.03207 % 
0.02811 % 
0.03584 % 
0.02532 % 
0.04549 % 
0.03073 % 
0.02744 % 
32 
0.02321 % 
0.03797 % 
0.04490 % 
0.06797 % 
0.04760 % 
0.03391 % 
0.03071 % 
0.03584 % 
0.02789 % 
0.04854 % 
0.03561 % 
  
33 
0.02470 % 
0.03994 % 
0.05267 % 
0.07523 % 
0.04896 % 
0.03992 % 
0.03187 % 
0.04377 % 
0.03125 % 
0.04883 % 
  
  
34 
0.02587 % 
0.04310 % 
0.05635 % 
0.07699 % 
0.05522 % 
0.04083 % 
0.03623 % 
0.04542 % 
0.03133 % 
  
  
  
35 
0.03351 % 
0.04737 % 
0.05828 % 
0.08115 % 
0.06556 % 
0.04455 % 
0.04003 % 
0.04850 % 
  
  
  
  
36 
0.03715 % 
0.05146 % 
0.06437 % 
0.08319 % 
0.06582 % 
0.05085 % 
0.04192 % 
  
  
  
  
  
37 
0.04135 % 
0.05815 % 
0.06602 % 
0.09036 % 
0.06706 % 
0.05263 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
38 
0.06074 % 
0.06280 % 
0.06849 % 
0.09460 % 
0.06824 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
39 
0.06539 % 
0.06951 % 
0.06994 % 
0.09663 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
40 
0.07500 % 
0.07234 % 
0.07038 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
41 
0.07659 % 
0.07314 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
42 
0.07982 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Age 
01.2022 
02.2022 
03.2022 
04.2022 
05.2022 
06.2022 
07.2022 
08.2022 
09.2022 
10.2022 
11.2022 
12.2022 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
1,083,080,26
9.02 EUR 
1,129,667,40
5.86 EUR 
1,329,971,60
1.36 EUR 
920,005,66
5.51 EUR 
1,146,405,39
3.35 EUR 
1,227,638,70
8.17 EUR 
1,209,660,70
4.33 EUR 
1,222,812,96
6.56 EUR 
1,286,180,02
0.09 EUR 
1,294,474,89
3.29 EUR 
1,539,567,99
0.66 EUR 
1,766,553,67
1.16 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
34,664 
36,537 
41,480 
29,129 
36,806 
39,368 
38,586 
38,703 
40,182 
39,829 
46,433 
53,109 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2022 
02.2022 
03.2022 
04.2022 
05.2022 
06.2022 
07.2022 
08.2022 
09.2022 
10.2022 
11.2022 
12.2022 
1 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
2 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
3 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
4 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
5 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
6 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 %

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
 
Age 
01.2022 
02.2022 
03.2022 
04.2022 
05.2022 
06.2022 
07.2022 
08.2022 
09.2022 
10.2022 
11.2022 
12.2022 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
1,083,080,26
9.02 EUR 
1,129,667,40
5.86 EUR 
1,329,971,60
1.36 EUR 
920,005,66
5.51 EUR 
1,146,405,39
3.35 EUR 
1,227,638,70
8.17 EUR 
1,209,660,70
4.33 EUR 
1,222,812,96
6.56 EUR 
1,286,180,02
0.09 EUR 
1,294,474,89
3.29 EUR 
1,539,567,99
0.66 EUR 
1,766,553,67
1.16 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
34,664 
36,537 
41,480 
29,129 
36,806 
39,368 
38,586 
38,703 
40,182 
39,829 
46,433 
53,109 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2022 
02.2022 
03.2022 
04.2022 
05.2022 
06.2022 
07.2022 
08.2022 
09.2022 
10.2022 
11.2022 
12.2022 
7 
0.00000 % 
0.00016 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
8 
0.00000 % 
0.00016 % 
0.00006 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
9 
0.00000 % 
0.00016 % 
0.00006 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00002 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00011 % 
0.00000 % 
10 
0.00000 % 
0.00016 % 
0.00040 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00042 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00002 % 
0.00003 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00023 % 
0.00000 % 
11 
0.00021 % 
0.00019 % 
0.00056 % 
0.00027 % 
0.00162 % 
0.00004 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00002 % 
0.00003 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00023 % 
0.00000 % 
12 
0.00035 % 
0.00019 % 
0.00067 % 
0.00027 % 
0.00169 % 
0.00005 % 
0.00006 % 
0.00050 % 
0.00003 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00023 % 
0.00000 % 
13 
0.00257 % 
0.00113 % 
0.00078 % 
0.00027 % 
0.00169 % 
0.00005 % 
0.00137 % 
0.00067 % 
0.00014 % 
0.00004 % 
0.00023 % 
0.00062 % 
14 
0.00306 % 
0.00119 % 
0.00078 % 
0.00027 % 
0.00169 % 
0.00017 % 
0.00175 % 
0.00074 % 
0.00136 % 
0.00004 % 
0.00023 % 
0.00072 % 
15 
0.00408 % 
0.00119 % 
0.00078 % 
0.00101 % 
0.00216 % 
0.00091 % 
0.00190 % 
0.00074 % 
0.00183 % 
0.00135 % 
0.00135 % 
0.00087 % 
16 
0.00408 % 
0.00163 % 
0.00078 % 
0.00105 % 
0.00404 % 
0.00306 % 
0.00190 % 
0.00140 % 
0.00215 % 
0.00238 % 
0.00168 % 
0.00094 % 
17 
0.00408 % 
0.00242 % 
0.00084 % 
0.00210 % 
0.00467 % 
0.00328 % 
0.00229 % 
0.00323 % 
0.00357 % 
0.00238 % 
0.00322 % 
0.00126 % 
18 
0.00412 % 
0.00290 % 
0.00149 % 
0.00335 % 
0.00636 % 
0.00356 % 
0.00248 % 
0.00324 % 
0.00395 % 
0.00312 % 
0.00323 % 
0.00213 % 
19 
0.00466 % 
0.00303 % 
0.00244 % 
0.00370 % 
0.00856 % 
0.00439 % 
0.00341 % 
0.00428 % 
0.00431 % 
0.00383 % 
0.00372 % 
0.00233 % 
20 
0.00466 % 
0.00364 % 
0.00274 % 
0.00971 % 
0.00982 % 
0.00488 % 
0.00364 % 
0.00476 % 
0.00456 % 
0.00388 % 
0.00373 % 
  
21 
0.00568 % 
0.00398 % 
0.00289 % 
0.01012 % 
0.01116 % 
0.00595 % 
0.00568 % 
0.00592 % 
0.00486 % 
0.00437 % 
  
  
22 
0.00621 % 
0.00428 % 
0.00406 % 
0.01082 % 
0.01341 % 
0.00830 % 
0.00728 % 
0.00635 % 
0.00646 % 
  
  
  
23 
0.00637 % 
0.00521 % 
0.00435 % 
0.01318 % 
0.01351 % 
0.00992 % 
0.00831 % 
0.00661 % 
  
  
  
  
24 
0.00751 % 
0.00683 % 
0.00442 % 
0.01811 % 
0.01471 % 
0.01096 % 
0.00910 % 
  
  
  
  
  
25 
0.01002 % 
0.00755 % 
0.00461 % 
0.01897 % 
0.01474 % 
0.01216 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
26 
0.01370 % 
0.01085 % 
0.00494 % 
0.01952 % 
0.01542 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
27 
0.01411 % 
0.01106 % 
0.00523 % 
0.01976 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
28 
0.01474 % 
0.01443 % 
0.00684 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
29 
0.03047 % 
0.01458 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
30 
0.03303 %

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
 
Age 
01.2023 
02.2023 
03.2023 
04.2023 
05.2023 
06.2023 
07.2023 
08.2023 
09.2023 
10.2023 
11.2023 
12.2023 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
1,186,417,72
7.82 EUR 
1,293,710,40
2.51 EUR 
1,691,360,52
5.41 EUR 
1,302,156,12
5.56 EUR 
1,504,727,21
5.53 EUR 
1,675,968,75
8.91 EUR 
1,538,763,38
1.96 EUR 
1,781,003,19
6.62 EUR 
1,387,767,39
1.16 EUR 
1,343,457,50
3.96 EUR 
1,601,578,41
8.69 EUR 
1,672,791,34
5.76 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of 
contracts 
35,547 
38,967 
50,566 
39,180 
44,937 
49,437 
45,265 
51,835 
41,356 
39,434 
47,498 
49,055 
Age|Month of start 
service provision 
01.2023 
02.2023 
03.2023 
04.2023 
05.2023 
06.2023 
07.2023 
08.2023 
09.2023 
10.2023 
11.2023 
12.2023 
1 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
2 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
3 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
4 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
5 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
6 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
7 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
8 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00001 % 
0.00007 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
  
9 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00001 % 
0.00007 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00003 % 
0.00000 % 
  
  
10 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00001 % 
0.00007 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00003 % 
  
  
  
11 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00001 % 
0.00007 % 
0.00060 % 
0.00015 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
  
  
  
  
12 
0.00003 % 
0.00017 % 
0.00005 % 
0.00018 % 
0.00060 % 
0.00037 % 
0.00015 % 
  
  
  
  
  
13 
0.00003 % 
0.00017 % 
0.00174 % 
0.00018 % 
0.00063 % 
0.00076 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
14 
0.00003 % 
0.00051 % 
0.00200 % 
0.00146 % 
0.00066 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
15 
0.00003 % 
0.00092 % 
0.00253 % 
0.00175 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
16 
0.00101 % 
0.00095 % 
0.00266 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
17 
0.00192 % 
0.00131 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
18 
0.00209 % 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Age 
01.2024 
02.2024 
03.2024 
04.2024 
05.2024 
06.2024 
DF-VL-2 Contract value 
1,352,495,414.48 EUR 
1,345,209,100.87 EUR 
1,461,060,305.27 EUR 
1,459,781,218.97 EUR 
1,332,492,168.76 EUR 
782,812,155.96 EUR 
DF-VL-8 Number of contracts 
40,735 
40,024 
44,004 
43,893 
40,628 
24,169 
Age|Month of start service provision 
01.2024 
02.2024 
03.2024 
04.2024 
05.2024 
06.2024 
1 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
2 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
  
3 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
  
  
4 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
  
  
  
5 
0.00000 % 
0.00000 % 
  
  
  
  
6 
0.00000 %

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
 
 
 
0,00000 %
0,05000 %
0,10000 %
0,15000 %
0,20000 %
0,25000 %
0,30000 %
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66
01.2019
02.2019
03.2019
04.2019
05.2019
06.2019
07.2019
08.2019
09.2019
10.2019
11.2019
12.2019
01.2020
02.2020
03.2020
04.2020
05.2020
06.2020
07.2020
08.2020
09.2020
10.2020
11.2020
12.2020
01.2021
02.2021
03.2021
04.2021
05.2021
06.2021
07.2021
08.2021
09.2021
10.2021
11.2021
12.2021
01.2022
02.2022
03.2022
04.2022
05.2022
06.2022
07.2022
08.2022
09.2022
10.2022
11.2022
12.2022
01.2023
02.2023
03.2023
04.2023
05.2023
06.2023
07.2023
08.2023
09.2023
10.2023
11.2023
12.2023
01.2024
02.2024
03.2024
04.2024
05.2024
06.2024

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
 
Dynamic losses on Lease Receivables (in percentages) – Total Portfolio 
 
Period 
Dynamic Loss  
Ratio 
Utilisation in Mio. € 
cumulated Losses per year in 
Mio. € 
Mar 14 
0.07% 
17,378.47 
11.24 
Jun 14 
0.14% 
17,982.04 
24.12 
Sep 14 
0.19% 
18,350.51 
34.15 
Dec 14 
0.24% 
18,678.27 
44.08 
Mar 15 
0.03% 
18,822.17 
6.33 
Jun 15 
0.08% 
19,488.93 
15.85 
Sep 15 
0.12% 
19,911.63 
23.49 
Dec 15 
0.17% 
20,572.96 
33.18 
Mar 16 
0.05% 
20,931.66 
10.55 
Jun 16 
0.09% 
21,786.53 
18.16 
Sep 16 
0.11% 
22,396.77 
23.26 
Dec 16 
0.15% 
23,017.86 
33.28 
Mar 17 
0.04% 
23,383.85 
8.51 
Jun 17 
0.08% 
24,793.12 
19.03 
Sep 17 
0.12% 
25,198.38 
28.71 
Dec 17 
0.15% 
25,712.52 
36.55 
Mar 18 
0.03% 
25,867.71 
8.29 
Jun 18 
0.06% 
26,527.11 
15.03 
Sep 18 
0.09% 
27,071.67 
24.00 
Dec 18 
0.12% 
27,096.90 
31.43 
Mar 19 
0.03% 
27,710.59 
8.33 
Jun 19 
0.05% 
28,400.27 
15.16 
Sep 19 
0.08% 
29,093.54 
22.27 
Dec 19 
0.11% 
29,981.45 
31.49 
Mar 20 
0.03% 
30,988.43 
8.51 
Jun 20 
0.06% 
31,185.46 
18.91 
Sep 20 
0.10% 
32,396.62 
30.83 
Dec 20 
0.14% 
33,268.12 
43.50 
Mar 21 
0.03% 
34,150.60 
10.53 
Jun 21 
0.06% 
35,395.03 
18.97 
Sep 21 
0.09% 
36,214.21 
31.60 
Dec 21 
0.12% 
36,515.66 
42.93 
Mar 22 
0.03% 
36,972.36 
11.03 
Jun 22 
0.05% 
37,307.24 
16.83 
Sep 22 
0.08% 
37,782.57 
29.65 
Dec 22 
0.10% 
38,820.24 
36.23 
Mar 23 
0.02% 
39,282.17 
9.00 
Jun 23 
0.04% 
40,096.15 
15.17 
Sep 23 
0.06% 
41,033.36 
22.48 
Dec 23 
0.07% 
42,118.00 
29.48 
Mar 24 
0.02% 
43,177.50 
8.66 
Jun 24 
0.04% 
44,494.94 
15.89

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0,0%
0,1%
0,1%
0,2%
0,2%
0,3%
0,3%
Mar
14
Sep
14
Mar
15
Sep
15
Mar
16
Sep
16
Mar
17
Sep
17
Mar
18
Sep
18
Mar
19
Sep
19
Mar
20
Sep
20
Mar
21
Sep
21
Mar
22
Sep
22
Mar
23
Sep
23
Mar
24
Dynamic loss Ratio
Period
Dynam
ic…

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
 
Weighted Average Lives of the Notes/Assumed Amortisation of the Purchased Lease Receivables 
and Notes 
Weighted Average Lives of the Notes 
Weighted average lives of the Notes refer to the average amount of time that will elapse (on a 30/360 basis) 
from the date of issuance of a security to the date of distribution of amounts to the investor distributed in 
reduction of principal of such security (assuming no losses). The weighted average life of the Notes will be 
influenced by, amongst other things, the rate at which the Lease Receivables are paid, which may be in the 
form of scheduled amortisation, prepayments or liquidations and the rate at which realisation proceeds are 
generated under the Leased Vehicles. 
Purchased Lease Receivables 
The following table is prepared on the basis of certain assumptions as described below, regarding the 
weighted average characteristics of the Purchased Lease Receivables and the performance thereof. 
The table assumes, among other things, that the Issuer holds a pool of Purchased Lease Receivables with 
the following characteristics: 
(a) 
the Portfolio is subject to a constant annual rate of prepayment as set out in the below table under 
the header "CPR"; 
(b) 
no Purchased Lease Receivables are repurchased by the Seller; 
(c) 
each Series of Notes is expected to have the characteristics on 25 September 2024 and during the 
Revolving Period as set out in the following table:  
Series 
Outstanding  
Balance 
Fixed Rate  
Under the Swap 
Floating 
Margin  
Year Began 
Amortising 
Series A 2010-2 
EUR 298,200,000.00 
2.84% 
0.49% 
Revolving 
Series A 2011-2 
EUR 149,100,000.00 
2.84% 
0.49% 
Revolving 
Series A 2012-2 
EUR 248,500,000.00 
2.84% 
0.49% 
Revolving 
Series A 2012-3 
EUR 198,800,000.00 
2.84% 
0.49% 
Revolving 
Series A 2013-1 
EUR 99,400,000.00 
2.84% 
0.49% 
Revolving 
Series A 2015-1 
EUR 497,100,000.00 
2.84% 
0.49% 
Revolving 
Series A 2017-1 
EUR 99,400,000.00 
2.84% 
0.49% 
Revolving 
Series A 2017-3 
EUR 596,400,000.00 
2.84% 
0.49% 
Revolving 
Series A 2018-1 
EUR 79,500,000.00 
2.84% 
0.49% 
Revolving 
Series A 2020-1 
EUR 198,800,000.00 
2.84% 
0.49% 
Revolving 
Series A 2024-1 
EUR 248,500,000.00 
2.84% 
0.49% 
Revolving 
 
 
Series B 2014-1 
EUR 37,700,000.00 
3.46% 
1.15% 
Revolving 
Series B 2014-3 
EUR 47,100,000.00 
3.46% 
1.15% 
Revolving 
Series B 2018-1 
EUR 10,200,000.00 
3.46% 
1.15% 
Revolving 
 
(d) 
the Payment Date is assumed to be the 25th day of each calendar month; 
(e) 
the Clean-Up Call is exercised except for the scenario at 0% CPR below; 
(f) 
the Purchased Lease Receivables are fully performing; 
(g) 
the Lease Receivables Discount Rate is to be 5.7016 per cent. and the monthly payments are 
discounted back to 31 August 2024; 
(h) 
third party expenses and servicing fees together are assumed to be 1.03 per cent.;

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
 
(i) 
there is no Reserve Trigger Event in effect and the Negative Buffer Release Amount (if any) is paid 
each month by the Seller and forms part of the Available Distribution Amount; 
(j) 
there is no Credit Enhancement Increase Condition in effect and the Positive Buffer Release Amount 
(if any) is paid to the Seller outside of the Order of Priority; 
(k) 
no Early Amortisation Event has occurred; 
(l) 
no tap issuance has been made; 
(m) 
no extension of the Revolving Period on the Payment Date falling in September 2025; 
(n) 
each Series of Notes amortises at the end of the Revolving Period;  
(o) 
the Subordinated Loan balance is EUR 97,375,229.05; 
(p) 
the Accumulation Account balance is EUR 0.00; 
(q) 
the Maximum Discounted Receivables Balance is equal to EUR 3,013,446,229.08; 
(r) 
the theoretical swap rate required to swap the Subordinated Loan is 4.50 per cent; 
(s) 
EURIBOR rate for one month is 3.608%; 
(t) 
the General Cash Collateral Amount on the Payment Date falling in September 2024 is EUR 
21,065,250.00; and 
(u) 
Receivables in arrears are paid during the first period. 
The approximate average lives of the Non-Amortising Notes, at various assumed rates of prepayment of the 
Purchased Lease Receivables, would be as follows: 
 
Class A 
Class B 
CPR  
(per cent.) 
Average Life 
in Years 
First 
Principal 
Payment 
Expected 
Maturity 
Average 
Life in 
Years 
First 
Principal 
Payment 
Expected 
Maturity 
0% (no CuC) 
2.01 
Oct-2025 
Jul-2028 
2.36 
Jul-2026 
Aug-2028 
2% 
1.97 
Oct-2025 
Nov-2027 
2.26 
Jun-2026 
Nov-2027 
5% 
1.95 
Oct-2025 
Oct-2027 
2.23 
Jun-2026 
Oct-2027 
10% 
1.92 
Oct-2025 
Oct-2027 
2.19 
May-2026 
Oct-2027 
 
The exact average lives of the Notes cannot be predicted as the actual rate at which the Purchased Lease 
Receivables will be repaid and a number of other relevant factors are unknown.  
The average lives of the Notes are subject to factors largely outside the control of the Issuer and consequently 
no assurance can be given that the assumptions and the estimates above will prove in any way to be realistic 
and they must therefore be viewed with considerable caution. 
The information set out in this section entitled "WEIGHTED AVERAGE LIFE OF THE NOTES" has been 
provided by the Lead Manager for use in this Base Prospectus and the Lead Manager (subject to the 
qualifications in this section) is solely responsible for the accuracy of the information set out in this section 
entitled "WEIGHTED AVERAGE LIFE OF THE NOTES" taking into account the assumptions selected above, 
except to the extent that any inaccuracy results from information provided by VWL to the Lead Manager for 
the purpose of preparing this section of the Base Prospectus in which case VWL is solely responsible for the 
accuracy of the information set out in this section entitled "WEIGHTED AVERAGE LIFE OF THE NOTES" to 
the extent of the inaccuracy.

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
 
 
The calculation of the approximate average lives of the Notes as made by the Lead Manager is based on the 
assumptions selected above, is produced with respect to the date of this Base Prospectus only and is, in 
particular, not based on any tap-ups or term take-outs to occur with respect to any Series of Notes after the 
date of this Base Prospectus. However, it should be noted that the exact average lives of the Notes cannot 
be predicted as the actual rate at which the Purchased Lease Receivables will be repaid and a number of 
other relevant factors are unknown and largely outside the control of the Issuer and the Lead Manager. 
Therefore, each investor should be aware that any such assumption is likely to change and any such change 
in any assumption used for calculating the approximate average lives of the Notes may lead to a change of 
the approximate average lives of the Notes. Furthermore, it should also be noted that the calculation of the 
approximate average lives of the Notes as made by the Lead Manager and as made by the provider of the 
cash flow model pursuant to Article 22(3) of the Securitisation Regulation might deviate from each other due 
to different calculation methods used by the Lead Manager (for the purpose of calculating the Weighted 
Average Life of the Notes) and the provider of the cash flow model (for the purpose of Article 22(3) of the 
Securitisation Regulation). 
 
To the best knowledge and belief of the Issuer, the above information has been accurately reproduced. The 
Issuer is able to ascertain from the above information provided by the Lead Manager that no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
Amortisation Profile of the Purchased Lease Receivables (Run out schedule) 
The amortisation of the Purchased Lease Receivables is subject to factors largely outside the control of the 
Issuer and consequently no assurance can be given that the assumptions and the estimates above will prove 
in any way to be realistic and they must therefore be viewed with considerable caution. 
Reporting period 
Principal 
Interest 
Instalment 
arrears 
5,105,594.91 € 
524,239.38 € 
5,629,834.29 € 
09/2024 
99,322,269.72 € 
14,292,140.43 € 
113,614,410.15 € 
10/2024 
99,590,656.18 € 
13,821,715.47 € 
113,412,371.65 € 
11/2024 
99,814,855.95 € 
13,348,528.40 € 
113,163,384.35 € 
12/2024 
99,857,006.53 € 
12,874,274.03 € 
112,731,280.56 € 
01/2025 
99,830,414.78 € 
12,399,821.62 € 
112,230,236.40 € 
02/2025 
99,768,754.60 € 
11,925,493.73 € 
111,694,248.33 € 
03/2025 
99,651,096.87 € 
11,451,458.11 € 
111,102,554.98 € 
04/2025 
99,539,158.88 € 
10,977,984.71 € 
110,517,143.59 € 
05/2025 
99,323,618.02 € 
10,505,036.45 € 
109,828,654.47 € 
06/2025 
98,992,098.44 € 
10,033,115.01 € 
109,025,213.45 € 
07/2025 
98,644,021.65 € 
9,562,776.66 € 
108,206,798.31 € 
08/2025 
98,425,818.39 € 
9,094,078.17 € 
107,519,896.56 € 
09/2025 
98,103,133.63 € 
8,626,425.86 € 
106,729,559.49 € 
10/2025 
97,646,923.99 € 
8,160,310.26 € 
105,807,234.25 € 
11/2025 
96,801,917.62 € 
7,696,355.68 € 
104,498,273.30 € 
12/2025 
95,441,464.88 € 
7,236,416.99 € 
102,677,881.87 € 
01/2026 
94,097,921.08 € 
6,782,947.44 € 
100,880,868.52 € 
02/2026 
92,684,478.45 € 
6,335,854.54 € 
99,020,332.99 € 
03/2026 
90,771,450.67 € 
5,895,473.41 € 
96,666,924.08 € 
04/2026 
87,663,011.45 € 
5,464,192.73 € 
93,127,204.18 € 
05/2026 
84,192,235.12 € 
5,047,678.35 € 
89,239,913.47 € 
06/2026 
79,754,745.35 € 
4,647,650.54 € 
84,402,395.89 € 
07/2026 
76,500,261.29 € 
4,268,709.85 € 
80,768,971.14 € 
08/2026 
73,833,718.13 € 
3,905,230.34 € 
77,738,948.47 € 
09/2026 
71,693,294.32 € 
3,554,423.25 € 
75,247,717.57 € 
10/2026 
69,437,369.23 € 
3,213,784.73 € 
72,651,153.96 € 
11/2026 
66,746,029.44 € 
2,883,863.83 € 
69,629,893.27 € 
12/2026 
62,518,916.37 € 
2,566,731.77 € 
65,085,648.14 € 
01/2027 
58,753,718.04 € 
2,269,685.11 € 
61,023,403.15 € 
02/2027 
54,942,314.56 € 
1,990,524.10 € 
56,932,838.66 € 
03/2027 
50,420,541.53 € 
1,729,475.56 € 
52,150,017.09 € 
04/2027 
44,045,270.25 € 
1,489,909.64 € 
45,535,179.89 € 
05/2027 
37,889,990.84 € 
1,280,637.10 € 
39,170,627.94 € 
06/2027 
30,618,567.94 € 
1,100,608.84 € 
31,719,176.78 € 
07/2027 
24,603,951.50 € 
955,130.64 € 
25,559,082.14 € 
08/2027 
23,517,534.38 € 
838,227.49 € 
24,355,761.87 € 
09/2027 
22,620,451.11 € 
726,486.92 € 
23,346,938.03 € 
10/2027 
21,648,838.26 € 
619,011.55 € 
22,267,849.81 € 
11/2027 
20,237,441.97 € 
516,149.45 € 
20,753,591.42 € 
12/2027 
18,109,185.48 € 
419,995.85 € 
18,529,181.33 € 
01/2028 
16,276,571.57 € 
333,952.46 € 
16,610,524.03 € 
02/2028 
14,601,580.89 € 
256,618.49 € 
14,858,199.38 € 
03/2028 
12,451,388.79 € 
187,240.83 € 
12,638,629.62 € 
04/2028 
9,642,690.61 € 
128,079.77 € 
9,770,770.38 € 
05/2028 
6,714,618.52 € 
82,265.01 € 
6,796,883.53 € 
06/2028 
3,170,968.25 € 
50,360.88 € 
3,221,329.13 € 
07/2028 
1,054,659.12 € 
35,294.84 € 
1,089,953.96 € 
08/2028 
1,005,920.61 € 
30,283.67 € 
1,036,204.28 € 
09/2028 
951,343.20 € 
25,504.33 € 
976,847.53 € 
10/2028 
870,989.45 € 
20,983.93 € 
891,973.38 € 
11/2028 
788,183.11 € 
16,845.62 € 
805,028.73 € 
12/2028 
682,105.58 € 
13,100.64 € 
695,206.22 € 
01/2029 
568,528.92 € 
9,859.94 € 
578,388.86 € 
02/2029 
494,493.67 € 
7,158.54 € 
501,652.21 € 
03/2029 
417,403.49 € 
4,809.00 € 
422,212.49 € 
04/2029 
307,965.42 € 
2,825.66 € 
310,791.08 € 
05/2029 
210,526.89 € 
1,362.54 € 
211,889.43 € 
06/2029 
76,249.19 € 
362.29 € 
76,611.48 € 
07/2029 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 €

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
 
Total 
3,013,446,229.08 € 
242,239,462.43 € 
3,255,685,691.51 €

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
Assumed Amortisation of the Class A Notes 
This amortisation scenario is based on the assumptions listed under "Weighted Average Lives of the Notes" above and on a CPR of 2 per cent.: 
Period 
Payment 
Date 
Note Balance 
Class A total 
Class A 2010-2 
Class A 2011-2 
Class A 2012-2 
Class A 2012-3 
Class A 2013-1 
Class A 2015-1 
Class A 2017-1 
Class A 2017-3 
Class A 2018-1 
Class A 2020-1 
Class A 2024-1 
0 
25/09/2024 
2,713,700,000.00 € 
298,200,000.00 € 
149,100,000.00 € 
248,500,000.00 € 
198,800,000.00 € 
99,400,000.00 € 
497,100,000.00 € 
99,400,000.00 € 
596,400,000.00 € 
79,500,000.00 € 
198,800,000.00 € 
248,500,000.00 € 
1 
25/10/2024 
2,713,700,000.00 € 
298,200,000.00 € 
149,100,000.00 € 
248,500,000.00 € 
198,800,000.00 € 
99,400,000.00 € 
497,100,000.00 € 
99,400,000.00 € 
596,400,000.00 € 
79,500,000.00 € 
198,800,000.00 € 
248,500,000.00 € 
2 
25/11/2024 
2,713,700,000.00 € 
298,200,000.00 € 
149,100,000.00 € 
248,500,000.00 € 
198,800,000.00 € 
99,400,000.00 € 
497,100,000.00 € 
99,400,000.00 € 
596,400,000.00 € 
79,500,000.00 € 
198,800,000.00 € 
248,500,000.00 € 
3 
25/12/2024 
2,713,700,000.00 € 
298,200,000.00 € 
149,100,000.00 € 
248,500,000.00 € 
198,800,000.00 € 
99,400,000.00 € 
497,100,000.00 € 
99,400,000.00 € 
596,400,000.00 € 
79,500,000.00 € 
198,800,000.00 € 
248,500,000.00 € 
4 
25/01/2025 
2,713,700,000.00 € 
298,200,000.00 € 
149,100,000.00 € 
248,500,000.00 € 
198,800,000.00 € 
99,400,000.00 € 
497,100,000.00 € 
99,400,000.00 € 
596,400,000.00 € 
79,500,000.00 € 
198,800,000.00 € 
248,500,000.00 € 
5 
25/02/2025 
2,713,700,000.00 € 
298,200,000.00 € 
149,100,000.00 € 
248,500,000.00 € 
198,800,000.00 € 
99,400,000.00 € 
497,100,000.00 € 
99,400,000.00 € 
596,400,000.00 € 
79,500,000.00 € 
198,800,000.00 € 
248,500,000.00 € 
6 
25/03/2025 
2,713,700,000.00 € 
298,200,000.00 € 
149,100,000.00 € 
248,500,000.00 € 
198,800,000.00 € 
99,400,000.00 € 
497,100,000.00 € 
99,400,000.00 € 
596,400,000.00 € 
79,500,000.00 € 
198,800,000.00 € 
248,500,000.00 € 
7 
25/04/2025 
2,713,700,000.00 € 
298,200,000.00 € 
149,100,000.00 € 
248,500,000.00 € 
198,800,000.00 € 
99,400,000.00 € 
497,100,000.00 € 
99,400,000.00 € 
596,400,000.00 € 
79,500,000.00 € 
198,800,000.00 € 
248,500,000.00 € 
8 
25/05/2025 
2,713,700,000.00 € 
298,200,000.00 € 
149,100,000.00 € 
248,500,000.00 € 
198,800,000.00 € 
99,400,000.00 € 
497,100,000.00 € 
99,400,000.00 € 
596,400,000.00 € 
79,500,000.00 € 
198,800,000.00 € 
248,500,000.00 € 
9 
25/06/2025 
2,713,700,000.00 € 
298,200,000.00 € 
149,100,000.00 € 
248,500,000.00 € 
198,800,000.00 € 
99,400,000.00 € 
497,100,000.00 € 
99,400,000.00 € 
596,400,000.00 € 
79,500,000.00 € 
198,800,000.00 € 
248,500,000.00 € 
10 
25/07/2025 
2,713,700,000.00 € 
298,200,000.00 € 
149,100,000.00 € 
248,500,000.00 € 
198,800,000.00 € 
99,400,000.00 € 
497,100,000.00 € 
99,400,000.00 € 
596,400,000.00 € 
79,500,000.00 € 
198,800,000.00 € 
248,500,000.00 € 
11 
25/08/2025 
2,713,700,000.00 € 
298,200,000.00 € 
149,100,000.00 € 
248,500,000.00 € 
198,800,000.00 € 
99,400,000.00 € 
497,100,000.00 € 
99,400,000.00 € 
596,400,000.00 € 
79,500,000.00 € 
198,800,000.00 € 
248,500,000.00 € 
12 
25/09/2025 
2,713,700,000.00 € 
298,200,000.00 € 
149,100,000.00 € 
248,500,000.00 € 
198,800,000.00 € 
99,400,000.00 € 
497,100,000.00 € 
99,400,000.00 € 
596,400,000.00 € 
79,500,000.00 € 
198,800,000.00 € 
248,500,000.00 € 
13 
25/10/2025 
2,560,824,296.66 € 
281,400,967.41 € 
140,700,483.71 € 
234,500,806.18 € 
187,600,644.94 € 
93,800,322.47 € 
469,095,978.87 € 
93,800,322.47 € 
562,801,934.82 € 
75,021,384.67 € 
187,600,644.94 € 
234,500,806.18 € 
14 
25/11/2025 
2,409,321,671.22 € 
264,752,818.06 € 
132,376,409.03 € 
220,627,348.38 € 
176,501,878.70 € 
88,250,939.35 € 
441,343,480.40 € 
88,250,939.35 € 
529,505,636.11 € 
70,582,994.75 € 
176,501,878.70 € 
220,627,348.38 € 
15 
25/12/2025 
2,259,212,471.95 € 
248,257,787.94 € 
124,128,893.97 € 
206,881,489.95 € 
165,505,191.96 € 
82,752,595.98 € 
413,846,232.01 € 
82,752,595.98 € 
496,515,575.88 € 
66,185,426.36 € 
165,505,191.96 € 
206,881,489.95 € 
16 
25/01/2026 
2,111,036,621.42 € 
231,975,207.47 € 
115,987,603.73 € 
193,312,672.89 € 
154,650,138.31 € 
77,325,069.16 € 
386,703,137.60 € 
77,325,069.16 € 
463,950,414.94 € 
61,844,496.96 € 
154,650,138.31 € 
193,312,672.89 € 
17 
25/02/2026 
1,964,823,238.63 € 
215,908,276.43 € 
107,954,138.22 € 
179,923,563.70 € 
143,938,850.96 € 
71,969,425.48 € 
359,919,531.24 € 
71,969,425.48 € 
431,816,552.87 € 
57,561,059.61 € 
143,938,850.96 € 
179,923,563.70 € 
18 
25/03/2026 
1,820,682,343.02 € 
200,069,084.53 € 
100,034,542.26 € 
166,724,237.11 € 
133,379,389.69 € 
66,689,694.84 € 
333,515,566.46 € 
66,689,694.84 € 
400,138,169.06 € 
53,338,337.42 € 
133,379,389.69 € 
166,724,237.11 € 
19 
25/04/2026 
1,679,141,823.66 € 
184,515,639.83 € 
92,257,819.92 € 
153,763,033.19 € 
123,010,426.56 € 
61,505,213.28 € 
307,587,942.86 € 
61,505,213.28 € 
369,031,279.67 € 
49,191,795.33 € 
123,010,426.56 € 
153,763,033.19 € 
20 
25/05/2026 
1,541,415,582.22 € 
169,381,334.20 € 
84,690,667.10 € 
141,151,111.83 € 
112,920,889.47 € 
56,460,444.73 € 
282,359,024.92 € 
56,460,444.73 € 
338,762,668.40 € 
45,156,995.54 € 
112,920,889.47 € 
141,151,111.83 € 
21 
25/06/2026 
1,412,640,305.08 € 
155,230,622.02 € 
77,615,311.01 € 
129,358,851.68 € 
103,487,081.35 € 
51,743,540.67 € 
258,769,759.24 € 
51,743,540.67 € 
310,461,244.04 € 
41,384,421.36 € 
103,487,081.35 € 
129,358,851.68 € 
22 
25/07/2026 
1,310,066,774.61 € 
143,959,137.78 € 
71,979,568.89 € 
119,965,948.15 € 
95,972,758.52 € 
47,986,379.26 € 
239,980,172.33 € 
47,986,379.26 € 
287,918,275.56 € 
38,379,448.20 € 
95,972,758.52 € 
119,965,948.15 €

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
 
\\1086373 4125-4534-5872 v11 
 
Hogan Lovells 
 
23 
25/08/2026 
1,210,948,956.59 € 
133,067,390.96 € 
66,533,695.48 € 
110,889,492.47 € 
88,711,593.97 € 
44,355,796.99 € 
221,823,608.48 € 
44,355,796.99 € 
266,134,781.92 € 
35,475,712.88 € 
88,711,593.97 € 
110,889,492.47 € 
24 
25/09/2026 
1,114,910,153.99 € 
122,513,987.52 € 
61,256,993.76 € 
102,094,989.60 € 
81,675,991.68 € 
40,837,995.84 € 
204,231,063.69 € 
40,837,995.84 € 
245,027,975.03 € 
32,662,179.77 € 
81,675,991.68 € 
102,094,989.60 € 
25 
25/10/2026 
1,021,616,834.53 € 
112,262,276.62 € 
56,131,138.31 € 
93,551,897.18 € 
74,841,517.75 € 
37,420,758.87 € 
187,141,441.00 € 
37,420,758.87 € 
224,524,553.24 € 
29,929,077.77 € 
74,841,517.75 € 
93,551,897.18 € 
26 
25/11/2026 
931,216,136.58 € 
102,328,426.84 € 
51,164,213.42 € 
85,273,689.04 € 
68,218,951.23 € 
34,109,475.61 € 
170,581,693.44 € 
34,109,475.61 € 
204,656,853.69 € 
27,280,717.42 € 
68,218,951.23 € 
85,273,689.04 € 
27 
25/12/2026 
844,100,973.07 € 
92,755,614.17 € 
46,377,807.08 € 
77,296,345.14 € 
61,837,076.11 € 
30,918,538.06 € 
154,623,795.45 € 
30,918,538.06 € 
185,511,228.34 € 
24,728,609.41 € 
61,837,076.11 € 
77,296,345.14 € 
28 
25/01/2027 
761,505,344.24 € 
83,679,439.01 € 
41,839,719.51 € 
69,732,865.84 € 
55,786,292.68 € 
27,893,146.34 € 
139,493,793.20 € 
27,893,146.34 € 
167,358,878.03 € 
22,308,904.77 € 
55,786,292.68 € 
69,732,865.84 € 
29 
25/02/2027 
683,148,072.30 € 
75,069,003.63 € 
37,534,501.82 € 
62,557,503.03 € 
50,046,002.42 € 
25,023,001.21 € 
125,140,180.10 € 
25,023,001.21 € 
150,138,007.27 € 
20,013,366.16 € 
50,046,002.42 € 
62,557,503.03 € 
30 
25/03/2027 
609,127,457.65 € 
66,935,109.95 € 
33,467,554.97 € 
55,779,258.29 € 
44,623,406.63 € 
22,311,703.32 € 
111,580,962.96 € 
22,311,703.32 € 
133,870,219.90 € 
17,844,873.38 € 
44,623,406.63 € 
55,779,258.29 € 
31 
25/04/2027 
540,050,315.28 € 
59,344,438.96 € 
29,672,219.48 € 
49,453,699.14 € 
39,562,959.31 € 
19,781,479.65 € 
98,927,299.16 € 
19,781,479.65 € 
118,688,877.93 € 
15,821,203.55 € 
39,562,959.31 € 
49,453,699.14 € 
32 
25/05/2027 
477,393,986.59 € 
52,459,331.10 € 
26,229,665.55 € 
43,716,109.25 € 
34,972,887.40 € 
17,486,443.70 € 
87,449,810.49 € 
17,486,443.70 € 
104,918,662.20 € 
13,985,636.56 € 
34,972,887.40 € 
43,716,109.25 € 
33 
25/06/2027 
421,053,354.59 € 
46,268,235.38 € 
23,134,117.69 € 
38,556,862.81 € 
30,845,490.25 € 
15,422,745.13 € 
77,129,241.47 € 
15,422,745.13 € 
92,536,470.75 € 
12,335,092.93 € 
30,845,490.25 € 
38,556,862.81 € 
34 
25/07/2027 
371,919,957.99 € 
40,869,120.20 € 
20,434,560.10 € 
34,057,600.16 € 
27,246,080.13 € 
13,623,040.07 € 
68,128,905.60 € 
13,623,040.07 € 
81,738,240.39 € 
10,895,691.00 € 
27,246,080.13 € 
34,057,600.16 € 
35 
25/08/2027 
329,074,008.50 € 
36,160,912.90 € 
18,080,456.45 € 
30,134,094.08 € 
24,107,275.27 € 
12,053,637.63 € 
60,280,314.56 € 
12,053,637.63 € 
72,321,825.80 € 
9,640,484.83 € 
24,107,275.27 € 
30,134,094.08 € 
36 
25/09/2027 
288,833,245.73 € 
31,738,981.42 € 
15,869,490.71 € 
26,449,151.18 € 
21,159,320.95 € 
10,579,660.47 € 
52,908,945.89 € 
10,579,660.47 € 
63,477,962.84 € 
8,461,599.67 € 
21,159,320.95 € 
26,449,151.18 € 
37 
25/10/2027 
251,013,286.36 € 
27,583,064.45 € 
13,791,532.22 € 
22,985,887.04 € 
18,388,709.63 € 
9,194,354.82 € 
45,981,023.93 € 
9,194,354.82 € 
55,166,128.90 € 
7,353,633.88 € 
18,388,709.63 € 
22,985,887.04 € 
38 
25/11/2027 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
39 
25/12/2027 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
40 
25/01/2028 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
41 
25/02/2028 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
42 
25/03/2028 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
43 
25/04/2028 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
44 
25/05/2028 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
45 
25/06/2028 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
46 
25/07/2028 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
 
The amortisation of the Notes is subject to factors largely outside the control of the Issuer and consequently no assurance can be given that the assumptions and the estimates 
above will prove in any way to be realistic and they must therefore be viewed with considerable caution.

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
Assumed Amortisation of the Class B Notes 
This amortisation scenario is based on the assumptions listed under "Weighted Average Lives of the Notes" 
above and on a CPR of 2 per cent.: 
 
Period 
Payment Date 
Note Balance Class B 
total 
Class B 2014-1 
Class B 2014-3 
Class B 2018-1 
0 
25/09/2024 
95,000,000.00 € 
37,700,000.00 € 
47,100,000.00 € 
10,200,000.00 € 
1 
25/10/2024 
95,000,000.00 € 
37,700,000.00 € 
47,100,000.00 € 
10,200,000.00 € 
2 
25/11/2024 
95,000,000.00 € 
37,700,000.00 € 
47,100,000.00 € 
10,200,000.00 € 
3 
25/12/2024 
95,000,000.00 € 
37,700,000.00 € 
47,100,000.00 € 
10,200,000.00 € 
4 
25/01/2025 
95,000,000.00 € 
37,700,000.00 € 
47,100,000.00 € 
10,200,000.00 € 
5 
25/02/2025 
95,000,000.00 € 
37,700,000.00 € 
47,100,000.00 € 
10,200,000.00 € 
6 
25/03/2025 
95,000,000.00 € 
37,700,000.00 € 
47,100,000.00 € 
10,200,000.00 € 
7 
25/04/2025 
95,000,000.00 € 
37,700,000.00 € 
47,100,000.00 € 
10,200,000.00 € 
8 
25/05/2025 
95,000,000.00 € 
37,700,000.00 € 
47,100,000.00 € 
10,200,000.00 € 
9 
25/06/2025 
95,000,000.00 € 
37,700,000.00 € 
47,100,000.00 € 
10,200,000.00 € 
10 
25/07/2025 
95,000,000.00 € 
37,700,000.00 € 
47,100,000.00 € 
10,200,000.00 € 
11 
25/08/2025 
95,000,000.00 € 
37,700,000.00 € 
47,100,000.00 € 
10,200,000.00 € 
12 
25/09/2025 
95,000,000.00 € 
37,700,000.00 € 
47,100,000.00 € 
10,200,000.00 € 
13 
25/10/2025 
95,000,000.00 € 
37,700,000.00 € 
47,100,000.00 € 
10,200,000.00 € 
14 
25/11/2025 
95,000,000.00 € 
37,700,000.00 € 
47,100,000.00 € 
10,200,000.00 € 
15 
25/12/2025 
95,000,000.00 € 
37,700,000.00 € 
47,100,000.00 € 
10,200,000.00 € 
16 
25/01/2026 
95,000,000.00 € 
37,700,000.00 € 
47,100,000.00 € 
10,200,000.00 € 
17 
25/02/2026 
95,000,000.00 € 
37,700,000.00 € 
47,100,000.00 € 
10,200,000.00 € 
18 
25/03/2026 
95,000,000.00 € 
37,700,000.00 € 
47,100,000.00 € 
10,200,000.00 € 
19 
25/04/2026 
95,000,000.00 € 
37,700,000.00 € 
47,100,000.00 € 
10,200,000.00 € 
20 
25/05/2026 
95,000,000.00 € 
37,700,000.00 € 
47,100,000.00 € 
10,200,000.00 € 
21 
25/06/2026 
90,309,787.92 € 
35,838,726.36 € 
44,774,642.22 € 
9,696,419.33 € 
22 
25/07/2026 
64,714,449.04 € 
25,681,418.20 € 
32,084,742.63 € 
6,948,288.21 € 
23 
25/08/2026 
52,649,954.63 € 
20,893,718.84 € 
26,103,293.30 € 
5,652,942.50 € 
24 
25/09/2026 
48,474,354.52 € 
19,236,664.90 € 
24,033,074.72 € 
5,204,614.91 € 
25 
25/10/2026 
44,418,123.24 € 
17,626,981.54 € 
22,022,037.94 € 
4,769,103.76 € 
26 
25/11/2026 
40,487,658.11 € 
16,067,207.48 € 
20,073,354.71 € 
4,347,095.92 € 
27 
25/12/2026 
36,700,042.31 € 
14,564,122.05 € 
18,195,494.66 € 
3,940,425.60 € 
28 
25/01/2027 
33,108,928.01 € 
13,139,016.69 € 
16,415,057.99 € 
3,554,853.32 € 
29 
25/02/2027 
29,702,090.10 € 
11,787,039.97 € 
14,725,983.62 € 
3,189,066.52 € 
30 
25/03/2027 
26,483,802.51 € 
10,509,887.94 € 
13,130,390.51 € 
2,843,524.06 € 
31 
25/04/2027 
23,480,448.49 € 
9,318,030.61 € 
11,641,359.20 € 
2,521,058.68 € 
32 
25/05/2027 
20,756,260.29 € 
8,236,958.03 € 
10,290,735.36 € 
2,228,566.89 € 
33 
25/06/2027 
18,306,667.59 € 
7,264,856.51 € 
9,076,253.09 € 
1,965,557.99 € 
34 
25/07/2027 
16,170,432.96 € 
6,417,108.66 € 
8,017,130.44 € 
1,736,193.85 € 
35 
25/08/2027 
14,307,565.59 € 
5,677,844.45 € 
7,093,540.41 € 
1,536,180.73 € 
36 
25/09/2027 
12,557,967.21 € 
4,983,530.14 € 
6,226,107.95 € 
1,348,329.11 € 
37 
25/10/2027 
10,913,621.15 € 
4,330,984.39 € 
5,410,858.48 € 
1,171,778.27 € 
38 
25/11/2027 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
39 
25/12/2027 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
40 
25/01/2028 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 €

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
 
\\1086373 4125-4534-5872 v11 
 
Hogan Lovells 
 
41 
25/02/2028 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
42 
25/03/2028 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
43 
25/04/2028 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
44 
25/05/2028 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
45 
25/06/2028 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
46 
25/07/2028 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
0.00 € 
 
 
The amortisation of the Notes is subject to factors largely outside the control of the Issuer and consequently 
no assurance can be given that the assumptions and the estimates above will prove in any way to be realistic 
and they must therefore be viewed with considerable caution.

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
Additional Rights 
Settlement and Reduction 
In order to reimburse the Issuer, VWL pays the Settlement Amount, in respect of any Purchased Lease 
Receivable for which the respective Lessee legitimately terminates, revokes or invalidates the Lease 
Contract, or asserts a right to refuse performance or to performance by set-off, on the immediately following 
Payment Date. The Settlement Amount shall be paid by VWL to the Purchaser acting with respect to its 
Compartment 1 in case of a reduction of the Purchased Lease Receivable. The Settlement Amount shall be 
due immediately. VWL shall be entitled to set-off payment of the Settlement Amount with other amounts owed 
to it under the Receivables Purchase Agreement or any other Programme Document.  
In case of a reduction of the Purchased Lease Receivables due to any amendments to a Lease Contract the 
Settlement Amount shall be equal to the difference of the present value of the Lease Receivables agreed 
upon at the inception of the Lease Contract and the present value of the future outstanding Purchased Lease 
Receivables becoming due according to such amendment, discounted with the Lease Receivables Discount 
Rate. 
Under the Receivables Purchase Agreement, VWL is entitled to materially alter any Lease Contract by 
termination or alteration of the respective Lease Contract if such termination or alteration is based on grounds 
other than the deterioration of the credit-worthiness of the relevant Lessee as determined in accordance with 
VWL’s customary practices in place from time to time. After an alteration of a Lease Contract has taken place 
the Issuer or VWL shall be obliged to indemnify the other party for any changes in the corresponding 
Purchased Lease Receivable by means of a Compensation Payment. Any Compensation Payment shall be 
made by the Purchaser or VWL, as applicable, by no later than the next Payment Date. Compensation 
Payments due by VWL or the Purchaser, as applicable, may be netted. VWL shall notify the Purchaser of the 
Compensation Payments on an aggregated basis in the Monthly Investor Report issued for the Monthly Period 
in which such modification occurred. The right to alter Lease Contracts may only be exercised for instalments 
not yet due under the respective Lease Contract. 
The Compensation Payment payable (i) by VWL to the Issuer shall be the negative difference of the 
Discounted Receivables Balance before and after extensions, deferrals, amendments, modifications or 
adjustments on a Lease Contract taking into account all instalments affected by such amendment or (ii) by 
the Issuer to VWL shall be the positive difference of the Discounted Receivables Balance before and after 
extensions, deferrals, amendments, modifications or adjustments on a Lease Contract taking into account all 
instalments affected by such amendment.  
The Settlement Amount to be paid in the case of a Clean-Up Call (the "Clean-Up Call Settlement Amount") 
which could be exercised on any Payment Date when the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance is on 
a Payment Date less than 10 per cent. of the Maximum Discounted Receivables Balance, provided that all 
payment obligations under the Notes will be thereby fulfilled, means the lesser of (i) an amount equal to the 
outstanding Discounted Receivables Balance which would have become due if the Clean-Up Call had not 
occurred, calculated as at the last calendar day of the month in which the repurchase is to become effective 
and (ii) an amount equal to the theoretical present value of each Purchased Lease Receivables remaining to 
be paid in the future, calculated using a discount rate equal to (i) the weighted average (calculated based on 
the outstanding principal amount of Notes and the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated Loan at 
the end of the Monthly Period) of the Class A Swap Fixed Rate, the Class B Swap Fixed Rate and an estimate 
of the hypothetical swap fixed rate (being higher than the fixed rate under both Swap Agreements) 
theoretically needed to swap the floating rate interest payments under the Subordinated Loan, plus (ii) the 
Servicer Fee at a rate of 1 per cent. per annum, and plus (iii) 0.03 per cent. for administrative costs and fees. 
It shall be calculated as at the last calendar day of the month in which the repurchase is to become effective. 
For the purposes of calculating the Clean-Up Call Settlement Amount, the risk of losses inherent to the 
relevant Purchased Lease Receivables shall be taken into account on the basis of the risk status of such 
Purchased Lease Receivables assessed by VWL immediately prior to the repurchase becoming effective. 
Enforcement and Sale of Leased Vehicles 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee has been appointed to exclusively hold, inter alia, the expectancy rights 
purchased by VCL Master Residual Value or any other Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser. The 
Expectancy Rights Trustee herewith authorises VCL Master Residual Value or any other Relevant 
Expectancy Rights Purchaser, or the Security Trustee, as the case may be, to sell or enforce or to have sold

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
 
or enforced, to administer and to do such other acts as are necessary in connection with the holding, 
administration and realisation of such expectancy rights assigned to the Expectancy Rights Trustee. In case 
expectancy rights relating to Purchased Lease Receivables have been transferred to a Relevant Expectancy 
Rights Purchaser other than VCL Master Residual Value, VWL shall procure that such Relevant Expectancy 
Rights Purchaser authorises the Security Trustee to sell or enforce or to have sold or enforced, to administer 
and to do such other acts as are necessary in connection with the holding, administration and realisation of 
such expectancy rights. 
The Leased Vehicles the ownership of which has been transferred for security purposes 
(Sicherungseigentum) to the Security Trustee shall, following expiry or termination of the underlying Lease 
Contract, be sold by VCL Master Residual Value or enforced by the Security Trustee or the Relevant 
Expectancy Rights Purchaser, as the case may be, or by agents of the Security Trustee (including VWL) and 
in case of the expectancy rights with consent of the Expectancy Rights Trustee holding such expectancy 
rights or any other Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser, as applicable, as follows: 
(a) 
To the extent no Foreclosure Event and no Servicer Insolvency Event have occurred but upon the 
occurrence of a prematurely ending of the Lease Contracts prior to the contractual lapse of contract 
(Ablauf der regulären, ursprünglich vereinbarten Leasingdauer), the Relevant Expectancy Rights 
Purchaser will (i) in case of VCL Master Residual Value being the Relevant Expectancy Rights 
Purchaser, sell the relevant Leased Vehicles to VWL and the Expectancy Rights Trustee and the 
Security Trustee will consent to such sale, or (ii) in case of any Relevant Expectancy Rights 
Purchaser other than VCL Master Residual Value, VWL will pay an amount equal to the Vehicle Sale 
Amount to the Issuer and the Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser. The Vehicle Sale Amounts 
resulting from either such sale to VWL or payment by VWL will be allocated to the Issuer in 
accordance with clause 18.2(d) of the Trust Agreement. 
(b) 
To the extent no Servicer Insolvency Event has occurred but upon the occurrence of a Foreclosure 
Event, (i) in case of VCL Master Residual Value being the Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser, 
the Security Trustee will sell the Leased Vehicles to VWL and the Expectancy Rights Trustee will 
consent to such sale, or (ii) in case of any Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser other than VCL 
Master Residual Value, VWL will pay an amount equal to the Vehicle Sale Amount to the Issuer and 
the Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser. The Vehicle Sale Amounts resulting from either such 
sale to VWL or payment by VWL will be allocated to the Issuer in accordance with clause 18.2(d) of 
the Trust Agreement. 
(c) 
Following the occurrence of a Servicer Insolvency Event, the Security Trustee and the Expectancy 
Rights Trustee shall be free to sell or have sold the Leased Vehicles to any third party. Proceeds 
resulting from such sale shall be allocated to the Issuer by the Security Trustee or the Expectancy 
Rights Trustee, as the case may be, in accordance with clause 18.2(d) of the Trust Agreement.  
(d) 
A fraction of the Vehicle Sale Amount or proceeds from the sale of a Leased Vehicle according to 
clauses (a), (b) or (c) (each a "Distributable Amount") shall be allocated to the Issuer as follows: 
(i) 
if the Lease Contract relating to such Leased Vehicle has prematurely ended prior to 
the contractual lapse of contract (Ablauf der regulären, ursprünglich vereinbarten 
Leasingdauer) for any reason other than termination (Kündigung) by VWL, insolvency 
or death of the Lessee, the Issuer's portion of the Distributable Amount shall be an 
amount equal to the present value of the remaining Purchased Lease Receivables 
under such Lease Contract; or  
(ii) 
if the Lease Contract has prematurely ended prior to the contractual lapse of contract 
(Ablauf der regulären, ursprünglich vereinbarten Leasingdauer) because of a 
termination (Kündigung) by VWL or insolvency or death of the Lessee, the Issuer's 
portion of the Distributable Amount shall be an amount equal to such Distributable 
Amount multiplied by a fraction expressed as a percentage: 
(1) 
the numerator of which is the present value of the remaining Purchased 
Lease Receivables under such Lease Contract and the denominator of 
which is the sum of the present value of the Leased Vehicle’s residual 
value determined as at the originally scheduled contractual end date of the 
Lease 
Contract 
as 
assessed 
by 
a 
vehicle 
expert

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
 
(Kraftfahrzeugsachverständiger) and the present value of the remaining 
Purchased Lease Receivables under such Lease Contract; or 
(2) 
to the extent the present value of the Leased Vehicle’s residual value has 
not been assessed by a vehicle expert (Kraftfahrzeugsachverständiger), 
the numerator is the present value of the remaining Purchased Lease 
Receivables under such Lease Contract and the denominator is the sum 
of the present value of the contractually agreed Leased Vehicle’s residual 
value as specified in the respective Lease Contract and the present value 
of the remaining Purchased Lease Receivables under such Lease 
Contract. 
In case of excess payments over the respective Distributable Amount, such excess payments 
will, provided that all amounts due to the Issuer under the Receivables Purchase Agreement in 
the context of the Purchased Lease Receivables and all amounts due to the Relevant 
Expectancy Rights Purchaser with respect to the purchased expectancy rights representing the 
residual values of the Leased Vehicles related to such Purchased Lease Receivables have been 
paid, be paid to VWL. 
(f) 
If the Lessee makes a combined payment on the lease receivables for all lease contracts that it has 
with VWL and does not instruct which payment needs to be allocated to which lease contract, then 
the allocation between the Purchased Lease Receivables and the other lease receivables still held 
by VWL or third parties shall be made by VWL after consulting the Lessee. The Lessee will then 
instruct VWL how to allocate this combined payment. In case this combined payment covers the total 
amount of all his respective monthly instalments, VWL will allocate the payment to each contract of 
the Lessee in accordance with the specific payment schedules for such lease contracts. 
Any proceeds allocated to Purchased Lease Receivables (which shall include, for the avoidance of doubt, 
also the relevant share of any Distributable Amount) shall be credited by VWL to the Distribution Account and 
the share of any Distributable Amount relating to Purchased Expectancy Rights, Expectancy Rights Related 
Collateral and Purchased Final Payment Receivables shall be credited by VWL to the applicable Relevant 
Distribution Account if related to Expectancy Rights purchased by a Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser. 
Payments in respect of the Distributable Amounts and collections on Purchased Lease Receivables which 
can be collected after a Write-Off shall be allocated to VWL. 
Security 
The Issuer has also acquired as security for the Purchased Lease Receivables and as security for all of its 
current and future claims against VWL arising from the Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Servicing 
Agreement, including all future damage claims pursuant to section 280 (1) in connection with section 280 (3) 
of the German Civil Code (Schadensersatz statt der Leistung) and including, but not limited to, all claims 
arising out of a withdrawal from the Receivables Purchase Agreement, security title (Sicherungseigentum) to 
the Leased Vehicles and the Ancillary Rights. 
Proceeds collected by the Purchaser from insurance enterprises pursuant to the assignment of claims under 
the Receivables Purchase Agreement will be allocated on a pro rata basis in relation the Discounted 
Receivables Balance and the Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance outstanding on the respective Lease 
Contract and the Purchaser will allocate such fractional amounts which refer to the outstanding Discounted 
Receivables Balance to the Issuer and in all other cases allocate the proceeds to VWL. 
Each right, claim or title assigned to the Issuer as security is to be reassigned to VWL when the right or claim 
to be secured no longer exists. 
Variation of Lease Receivables Discount Rate 
The Lease Receivables Discount Rate represents the Issuer’s costs of financing the Programme. The Lease 
Receivables Discount Rate is calculated on the basis of (i) the expected weighted average (calculated based 
on the outstanding principal amount of the Notes and the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated 
Loan at the end of the Monthly Period) of the fixed rates (stated as a percentage) payable by the Issuer under 
the Swap Agreements and an estimate of the hypothetical swap fixed rate (being higher than the fixed rate

--- Page 125 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
 
under the Swap Agreements) theoretically needed to swap the floating rate interest payments under the 
Subordinated Loan, plus (ii) the Servicer Fee at a rate of 1 per cent. per annum, plus (iii) 0.03 per cent. for 
administrative costs and fees plus (iv) an additional buffer to cover for potential interest rate increases and 
the components of the Lease Receivables Discount Rate are not static for the lifetime of the Programme and 
will vary in connection with the extension of each Series Revolving Period Expiration Date.  
In order to ensure that the Lease Receivables Discount Rate reflects the Issuer’s costs of financing the 
Programme the Issuer grants the Seller under the Receivables Purchase Agreement an option (the "Discount 
Rate Variation Option") to permit the Seller to vary the Lease Receivables Discount Rate with respect to: 
(a) 
the Purchased Lease Receivables included in the Portfolio; and 
(b) 
the Additional Lease Receivables to be purchased during the Revolving Period. 
In exercising the Discount Rate Variation Option, the Seller shall calculate, with effect from the then current 
series revolving period expiration date applicable to the Notes which have not commenced amortisation: 
(a) 
the expected weighted average (calculated based on the outstanding principal amount of the Notes 
and the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated Loan at the end of the related Monthly 
Period) of the fixed rates (stated as a percentage) payable by the Issuer under the Swap Agreements 
and an estimate of the hypothetical swap fixed rate (being higher than the fixed rate under the Swap 
Agreements) theoretically needed to swap the floating rate interest payments under the Subordinated 
Loan; plus 
(b) 
the Servicer Fee at a rate of 1 per cent. per annum; plus 
(c) 
0.03 per cent. for administrative costs and fees; plus 
(d) 
an additional buffer to cover for potential interest rate increases, 
(the "New Lease Receivables Discount Rate"). The New Lease Receivables Discount Rate shall become 
the Lease Receivables Discount Rate with effect on and from the relevant renewal date in relation to all the 
Purchased Lease Receivables regardless of whether all Notes are revolving or in amortisation. 
The Seller acknowledges under the Receivables Purchase Agreement that in exercising the Discount Rate 
Variation Option, the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance will change following the application of the 
New Lease Receivables Discount Rate and this will impact the Class A Targeted Note Balance and the Class 
B Targeted Note Balance and could give rise to an Early Amortisation Event pursuant to limb (v) of the 
definition of Early Amortisation Event. 
In connection with the exercise of the Discount Rate Variation Option, in order to ensure that the Aggregate 
Discounted Receivables Balance calculated on the basis of the New Lease Receivables Discount Rate 
remains unchanged, the Seller shall: 
(a) 
calculate the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance immediately prior to the exercise of the 
Discount Rate Variation Option (the "Current Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance"); and 
(b) 
calculate the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance immediately following the exercise of the 
Discount Rate Variation Option (the "New Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance"). 
If the New Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance is lower than the Current Aggregate Discounted 
Receivables Balance (the "Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance Shortfall"), the Seller will offer to 
sell and the Issuer will purchase Additional Lease Receivables at the Additional Lease Receivables Purchase 
Price which takes into account the New Lease Receivables Discount Rate which shall be funded exclusively 
through a drawing under the Subordinated Loan in an amount necessary to remedy the Aggregate Discounted 
Receivables Balance Shortfall (the "Borrowing Base Cure Amount"). 
The exercise of the Discount Rate Variation Option is subject to the following conditions:

--- Page 126 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
 
(a) 
The Discount Rate Variation Option may only be exercised in connection with the extension of the 
series current revolving period expiration date applicable to all Notes which have not commenced 
amortisation and will apply to all Notes whether or not such Notes have commenced amortisation; 
(b) 
The Discount Rate Variation Option may be exercised by notice to the Issuer no later than on the 
10th Business Day falling in the month of the then series revolving period expiration date applicable 
to the Notes which have not commenced amortisation (the "Discount Rate Variation Option 
Notice") which shall specify,  
(i) 
the New Lease Receivables Discount Rate and each component giving rise to the New 
Lease Receivables Discount Rate;  
(ii) 
the Current Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance; 
(iii) 
the New Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance; and 
(iv) 
the Borrowing Base Cure Amount, if any. 
(c) 
The Discount Rate Variation Option shall only be effective: 
(i) 
on the relevant renewal date; and 
(ii) 
(x) if the Issuer has received confirmation from the Rating Agencies that the rating of the 
relevant Notes, to the extent rated, will continue to have, for the Class A Notes, a rating of 
AAA (sf) by DBRS and AAA (sf) by S&P Global and for the Class B Notes, at least A(high) 
(sf) by DBRS and at least A+ (sf) by S&P Global, or, (y) the Issuer has received a new rating 
confirmation which states the same rating for the relevant Notes, to the extent rated, as is 
applicable prior to the exercise of the Discount Rate Variation Option. 
 
Buffer Release Reserve 
Pursuant to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, VWL agrees to fund at all times within thirty (30) calendar 
days following the occurrence of the earlier of a Reserve Trigger Event which is continuing, the Buffer Release 
Reserve in an amount such that the balance on the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger is equal to the Required 
Buffer Release Reserve Amount, which amount will be paid by the Seller to the Cash Collateral Account and 
on the same day be credited by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger. 
If on any Payment Date prior to the service of an Enforcement Notice, the balance deposited on the Buffer 
Release Reserve Ledger exceeds the actual Required Buffer Release Reserve Amount, such excess shall 
be directly repaid to the Seller (whereby such excess shall not form part of the Available Distribution Amount). 
Following the service of an Enforcement Notice, distributions will be made by the Security Trustee from the 
Available Distribution Amount and from any amounts standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account, 
and according to the relevant Order of Priority. 
Amendments to the Receivables Purchase Agreement 
VWL will be entitled to amend any term or provision of the Receivables Purchase Agreement with the consent 
of the Issuer and the Security Trustee but without the consent of any Noteholder, the Subordinated Lender, 
any Swap Counterparty or any other Person, provided that (if such amendment is not only a correction of a 
manifest error or of a formal, minor or technical nature) such amendment shall only become valid,  
(a) 
if it is notified to the Security Trustee and the Rating Agencies and the Issuer and VWL have 
received a confirmation from the Security Trustee that in the sole professional judgement of the 
Security Trustee, such amendment will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of any such 
Programme Creditor; and  
(b) 
if any of the amendments relate to the amount, the currency or the timing of the cashflow received 
by the Issuer under the Purchased Lease Receivables, the application of such cashflow by the

--- Page 127 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
 
Issuer, or the ranking of the Swap Counterparty in the Order of Priority, then the consent of the 
Swap Counterparty will be required;  
(c) 
in case that the Issuer is advised by a third party authorised under Article 28 of the Securitisation 
Regulation or a reputable international law firm that such amendments are required for the 
Programme to comply with the Securitisation Regulation including the requirements for simple, 
transparent and standardised securitisations set out therein and in any regulatory technical 
standards adopted under the Securitisation Regulation; and  
(d) 
in case of amendments which materially and adversely affect the interests of the Issuer, the Security 
Trustee, the Swap Counterparty or the Subordinated Lender if such parties have consented to such 
amendment. 
Any amendment subject to paragraph (c) shall only become valid, by giving ten (10) Business Days prior 
notice to the Noteholders and the Rating Agencies in writing, including by email. 
The Security Trustee shall have the right to request a reputable law firm in the relevant jurisdiction to confirm 
the legal validity of such amendment and/or to describe the legal effects of such amendment and to incur 
reasonable expenses for such consultation which shall be reimbursed by VWL.

--- Page 128 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
 
BUSINESS AND ORGANISATION OF VOLKSWAGEN LEASING GMBH 
Auto Lease Business in Germany  
In the first half of 2024, the overall global growth rate of the gross domestic product (GDP) lost some 
momentum; on average regional growth rates were a little bit higher in the group of advanced economies and 
slightly decreased in the emerging markets compared to the previous year. 
Germany’s seasonally and calendar adjusted real GDP decreased by -0.2 per cent in Q1 2024 compared to 
the previous year. The seasonally adjusted unemployment rate increased to 6.0 per cent in June (June 2023: 
5.7 per cent), while consumer prices fell to 2.2 per cent in June (June 2023: 6.4 per cent). 
In the first half of 2024, 1.5 million new passenger cars (H1-2023: 1.4 million; +5.4 per cent) were registered 
in Germany. Total passenger car production reached 2.1 million passenger cars in the period from January 
to June 2024 which was -6.1 per cent lower compared to the same period last year (H1-2023: 2.2 million). 
Exports by German manufacturers decreased by -2.5 per cent to 1.6 million vehicles (H1-2023: 1.7 million). 
With passenger car registrations growing by 9.8 per cent the Volkswagen Group’s share in the German 
passenger car market increased to 41.1 per cent (H1-2023: 39.4 per cent). 
Incorporation, Registered Office and Purpose 
Volkswagen Leasing GmbH ("VWL"), with its office at Gifhorner Straße 57, 38112 Braunschweig, Germany, 
is Seller of the Lease Receivables and Servicer under the Servicing Agreement. 
VWL was established in 1966. Its registered share capital of EUR 76,004,000.00 is held by Volkswagen Bank 
GmbH, which in turn is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Volkswagen AG, Wolfsburg. 
VWL is responsible for the leasing business of the Volkswagen Group in Germany.  
VWL is a financial services institution (Finanzdienstleistungsinstitut) according to section 1 (1a) German 
Banking Act. As such, the originator is supervised by BaFin as competent supervisory authority. As a 
precaution VWL performs the „Assessment of the borrower’s creditworthiness" with respect to lease contracts 
with consumers in accordance with paragraphs 1 to 4, point (a) of paragraph 5 and paragraph 6 of Article 18 
of Directive 2014/17/EU as reflected in section 505 a and section 505 b German Civil Code (BGB). 
VWL has five branches in Braunschweig (AUDI Leasing, Seat Leasing, Skoda Leasing, Ducati Leasing and 
AutoEuropa Leasing) and three branches in Italy (Milan, Verona and Bolzano).  
The objectives of VWL are, inter alia, to lease motor vehicles, especially vehicles from the following brands: 
Volkswagen, Audi, SEAT, Skoda, Ducati and Volkswagen Nutzfahrzeuge and other movable assets as a 
modern and cost effective alternative to the purchase of vehicles and for the financing of investments, the 
latter in particular for the business partners of the Volkswagen Group. 
VWL offers: 
(i) 
leasing of new Volkswagen, Audi, SEAT, Skoda, Ducati and Volkswagen Nutzfahrzeuge vehicles; 
(ii) 
service-leasing to commercial and non-commercial customers; 
(iii) 
leasing of used vehicles of all makes. 
The business purposes of VWL vis-à-vis customers and dealers are largely determined by its membership in 
the Volkswagen Group. VWL co-operates closely with the approximately 3,708 dealerships of the Volkswagen 
Group. A dealer can thus offer the customer complete, competent, personal service, at one stop and from a 
single source, including the financing. 
The co-operation between the manufacturer or importer and the dealer-partner respectively is established by 
a dealer agreement. Under this agreement the dealer-partner is given the responsibility for marketing the 
products and services of the Volkswagen Group and to service the trade-marked products of the Volkswagen 
Group.

--- Page 129 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
 
The dealer-partners procure leasing business for VWL against commissions. VWL buys the vehicles from the 
dealer, finances and administers the vehicles and assumes the credit risk. 
Each dealer-partner is trained in leasing business. The dealer-partner is the local contact person and available 
to the Lessee during the whole life of the leasing contract. 
Origination and Securitisation Expertise 
As already set out under the section "Incorporation, Registered Office and Purpose" one of the main purposes 
of VWL for the last five decades has been the origination and underwriting of lease receivables of a similar 
nature to those securitised under this Programme. The members of its management body and the senior staff 
of VWL have adequate knowledge and skills in originating and underwriting lease receivables, similar to the 
lease receivables included in the Portfolio, gained through years of practice and continuing education. The 
members of the management body and VWL senior staff have been appropriately involved within the 
governance structure of the functions of originating and underwriting of the Portfolio. Additionally, VWL has 
been securitising lease receivables actively since 1996 through private as well as public securitisation 
transactions, similar to this Programme. The members of its management body and the senior staff 
responsible for the securitisation transactions of VWL have also professional experience in the securitisation 
of lease receivables of many years, gained through years of practice and continuing education. Other 
subsidiaries of Volkswagen AG have also been securitising lease receivables and loan receivables all across 
Europe, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Japan, China, Turkey and USA.

--- Page 130 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
 
BUSINESS PROCEDURES OF VOLKSWAGEN LEASING GMBH 
Under the Servicing Agreement, the Purchased Lease Receivables are to be administered together with all 
other lease receivables of VWL and the Leased Vehicles are to be realised according to VWL’s customary 
practices in effect from time to time. The Lessees will not be notified of the fact that the receivables from their 
Lease Contracts have been assigned to the Issuer, except under special circumstances.  
The normal business procedures of VWL currently include the following:  
Negotiation of the Lease Contract and Appraisal of the Creditworthiness of the Prospective Lessee  
The customer writes and signs an application for the use of a specific vehicle against a specified monthly 
payment. By signing the application the customer signifies its acceptance of the leasing conditions. 
Before it accepts an application, VWL checks the creditworthiness of the customer. For this purpose all the 
information from e.g. credit agencies, financial statements and other sources (for instance from dealers) are 
brought together for scoring and rating purposes and are documented in a credit report about the prospective 
Lessee. In case VWL already has an existing relationship with the customer, his/her payment behaviour will 
also be part of the credit assessment. Applications of all 'non risk relevant customers' (customers with an 
aggregate credit engagement of less or equal €1,400,000) are scored by a numeric system of 16 risk classes, 
going from 01 as the best up to 15 and a separate class "D" for defaulted customers. VWL's application 
process is made predominately electronically and based on machine-decisions. However, for customers who 
are classified as 'corporate customers', i.e. customers who have entered into a master framework agreement 
with Volkswagen AG, the leasing application will be evaluated individually by at least two credit officers ('four 
eyes principle'), if scoring is 12 or worse. Customers with an aggregate credit engagement of more than 
€1,400,000 are classified as 'risk relevant business' and any related credit decision is based not only on the 
four eyes principle but additionally on a segregation of functions between front and back office. The 
appropriate internal limit is then set, based on the value of the vehicle and the number of contracts to be 
signed by the respective Lessee. If, in the case of existing contractual relationships, additional vehicles are 
to be leased, a check is made whether additional vehicles can be leased to the customer under the existing 
limits and on the basis of the information at hand, or a new decision has to be taken by using up-to-date 
information. 
Sometimes up-to-date information must be gathered so that a new credit appraisal may be made. The 
creditworthiness of corporate customers that are classified as 'risk relevant business' is checked at least on 
a 12-months interval. The customers are asked to provide their financial statements in due time to meet the 
mentioned interval. Additionally, immediate access to the data base of credit agencies makes it possible to 
obtain information quickly. For leasing applications in the retail business, which are not automatically 
approved by credit scoring but instead need to be modified (e.g. prepayment, contractual security, additional 
documents need to be brought in etc.), there still might be decisions by qualified credit officers. Depending 
on the internal limit, one or more employees of the credit department  jointly decide to accept or reject  leasing 
applications. Each employee is personally assigned a maximum amount up to which she/he can decide 
regarding the regulations and guidelines given by VWL. A decision outside the specifications will be made by 
special trained employees of the VWL. The employees are qualified persons (generally with several years' 
training in banks or in industry or with degrees in business administration or similar business experience, etc.) 
and with several years' experience in the leasing business. Applications by private individuals may be 
automatically approved or rejected in the first instance if the information on the application demonstrates that 
the applicant meets or does not meet VWL's criteria for an automatic approval or rejection. Applications which 
are rejected at first instance have to be decided by employees of VWL. 
Debts Management 
The first payment is due once the vehicle is handed over to the Lessee; all subsequent payments are typically 
due at the first of the corresponding month. The number of payments corresponds to the leasing period in 
months. 
The leasing application includes a clause authorising VWL to debit the payments as they become due, directly 
on the bank account of the Lessee. Approximately 96 per cent of the Lessees made use of the direct debit 
system offered by VWL. This ensures that VWL receives instalments due promptly. Customers who do not 
authorise direct debiting give standing payment orders to their banks or write individual bank remittances . 
The monthly instalments are generally billed four working days before the end of the month. VWL transmits

--- Page 131 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
 
the required information to its banks, which in turn communicate with the Lessees banks. VWL receives the 
instalments paid by direct debit between the 5th and 8th working day of the current month. 
VWL's debt management processes are based on scorecards. There are four types of scorecard. Scorecard 
no. 1 relates to outstanding payments under a lease agreement, the target of which is the execution of a 
payment agreement. Scorecard no. 2 relates to repossession, the target of which is either the repossession 
of the leased vehicle or the execution of a payment agreement. Scorecard no. 3 relates to a court order, the 
target of which is the achievement of a payment which exceeds the fees. Scorecard no. 4 relates to any 
collections after a Write-Off, which may be realised by appointing an internal or external collection provider. 
The advantages of the use of the scorecard process include, inter alia: 
• 
Valuation of expected revenues; 
• 
Multi dimensional processing; 
• 
Risk based processing by fixed instructions; 
• 
Increase of revenues; and 
• 
Cost reduction by avoiding court activities. 
 
Receivables from the premature termination of contracts are generally billed weekly. In case the direct 
debiting orders of VWL are not honoured or are rescinded, the banks immediately debit the respective 
accounts of VWL accordingly. The overdue payments for any given month are therefore typically known by 
the 10th to 12th day of the month and reminder notices can be sent out immediately. Around 1 per cent of the 
direct debit payments are not honoured. 
If the Lessee does not pay then, a second reminder letter is generally sent after another two weeks. The 
reminder (after about one and a half months) the threat of a summary court order and the threat of termination 
of the contract. In addition, the dealer who intermediated the contract is brought into the proceeding and is 
requested to investigate the situation and to help with the collection of the debts. In addition, the debts 
management department of VWL may write an individual letter to the customer or get in touch with the 
customer or with the dealer by telephone or telefax. 
The debt managers of VWL are authorised to grant justifiable payment extensions. The number of such 
agreements has been negligible. The debt managers of VWL are also authorised to grant different kind of 
payment holidays up to a period of six months, depending on the creditworthiness of the customer. Payment 
holidays for a longer period than six months need to be individually approved. When a commercial Lessee 
has failed to pay two instalments and the reminder process has been completed without having received the 
respective payments from the customer, the contract will be terminated. In the case of a payment default of 
a private individual Lessee and after having sent out the respective reminders, the Lease Contract will be 
terminated by VWL as long as the legal requirements and preconditions are fulfilled (see below "Termination 
of Lease Contracts"). An application for a court order will normally only be made in order to enforce the debts 
after the settling of the Lease Contract (see below "Enforcement"). 
Any restructuring measures (e.g. contract term extension or contract term reduction, recalculation of lease 
instalments etc.), however, will only be granted to the Lessee by the contract management department, if and 
to the extent, that all charged lease instalments have been paid and the Lessee´s account is not overdue. 
Termination of Lease Contracts  
The Lessee of a consumer Lease Contract, which was concluded in distance selling (Fernabsatz), is entitled 
to cancel his distance Lease Contract without giving reason by sending a letter, fax or email message, 
exercising such cancellation right within two weeks or receipt of a written notice informing him of such 
cancellation right. 
Each party to a Lease Contract can terminate the contract without giving prior notice, if it has a material 
reason to do so, in particular, but not limited to: 
(i) 
when the other party is unable to pay or engaged in debt composition proceedings; when its cheques 
are not covered or its bills of exchange not honoured;

--- Page 132 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
 
(ii) 
if the other party has made untrue statements in connection with the Lease Contract or has failed to 
state relevant facts and the lessor cannot, therefore, be reasonably expected to continue to honour 
the contract; 
(iii) 
if the other party does not stop committing serious breaches of the contract in spite of written requests 
to this effect or if it fails to provide immediate remedy of any effects of such breaches of contract; or 
(iv) 
if the vehicle has been destroyed or the cost of repairing the damage exceeds 60 per cent of the 
replacement cost of the vehicle to the end of a contract month. 
(v) 
VWL can terminate Lease Contracts without prior notice, especially in the following cases: 
(vi) 
when two leasing instalments are overdue by commercial Lessees; or 
(vii) 
when two instalments or more representing in the aggregate at least 10 per cent of the total value of 
the Lease Contract (5 per cent when the term of the Lease Contract exceeds three years) are 
overdue by private individual Lessees and the lessor has set a final two-week deadline for payment 
which the Lessee does not honour. 
All Lease Contracts have a fixed, agreed upon life (Closed End Lease Contracts). Upon request of the Lessee, 
the parties can agree to prematurely terminate the Contracts in writing (a) not earlier than six months from 
the date of the beginning of the contract or (b) if the vehicle has been destroyed or if the cost of repairing the 
damage sustained in an accident exceeds 60 per cent of the replacement cost of the vehicle. In such cases, 
the Lessee can then present the vehicle, state the number of kilometers driven and ask the lessor under what 
financial conditions it would be willing to terminate the Lease Contract. 
In case of termination of contract for cause, the Lessee is requested to return the vehicle to the dealer who 
intermediated the lease. If the Lessee does not voluntarily return the vehicle and all respective appropriate 
means of VWL or the dealer is without success, external service providers are mandated to secure the 
vehicles. The leading companies in this area operate with a high level of reliability and trust with a view to 
protection of VWL's interests. About 99 per cent of the mandates are completed successfully (either by 
collection of overdue instalments or by securing the vehicle). In the event that repossession is unsuccessful 
a criminal complaint will be filed. As a result, the vehicles are taken up by the police and customs for the 
international search. 
If VWL terminates a contract for cause, it can require the Lessee to reimburse it for the damages which it has 
sustained through the premature termination of the contract. VWL is entitled for full reimbursement of its 
losses. 
For those contracts, which have been terminated by VWL, where the respective underlying vehicle has been 
sold, the way of calculating the remainder of debt for Closed End Lease Contracts is based on a fixed residual 
value which is guaranteed by the dealers for approximately 95 per cent of all Closed End Lease Contracts 
(for the other 5 per cent, VWL bears the risk). In case of under mileage, the dealers will be charged. If mileage 
is exceeded, the dealer will receive an adjustment payment. Under these agreements, the partner-dealer 
buys the vehicle from VWL at a previously agreed upon price. Under this type of contract the risk of realisation 
is borne entirely by the dealer-partner. 
In relation to "Closed End Lease Contracts" the final invoice with the remainder of a debt for the customer 
has to be calculated based on a binding rule of the BGH (Highest German Federal Supreme Court, WM 2005, 
996) from 2004. Here the remainder of a debt is calculated on the difference between the current market 
value of the car at the time of the car sale and a forecasted car value for the agreed expiration of the contract. 
The calculation takes into account the monthly instalments which would have to be paid by the Lessees in 
case of a contractually agreed end of the contract and additional costs, e.g. running costs or collection costs.  
The determination of both (i) the actual market value of the car at the time of the sale and (ii) the forecast of 
the value of the car at the time of the agreed expiration of the contract is being made by an external authorised 
adjuster. 
If a vehicle was totally destroyed or lost or if the estimate cost of repairing the damage is equal to or exceeds 
60 per cent of the replacement cost of the vehicle, and the contracting parties do not come to an 
understanding on a termination agreement and, as a result, one of the contracting parties terminates the

--- Page 133 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
 
contract, VWL may claim the full amortisation. The Lessee shall receive 75 per cent of a surplus, if any, 
remaining after the final settling of the contract. If a full coverage insurance was taken out through 
Volkswagen-Versicherungsdienst GmbH (VVD), a full amortisation claim is limited to the amount of the 
deductible plus the cost of the delivery drive which is taken into account in the calculation of the lease 
instalment, provided that the vehicle was stolen or if the estimated cost of repairing the damage is equal to 
the replacement cost. However, the full amortisation claim will not be limited if the insurer refused to provide 
insurance coverage to the Lessee. The foregoing provisions shall apply mutatis mutandis to a compensation 
payment stipulated under a termination agreement. If the Lease Contract provides for any further services 
apart from the motor vehicle insurance against loss and damage, the above limitation shall also apply to a 
pro-rata calculation and claims for reimbursement of cost with respect to such other services. 
In the event of a termination all debits and credits except for final settling of accounts by Volkswagen Leasing 
GmbH upon a termination shall be subject to VAT which is in force at such time. 
Enforcement 
Repossessed leased vehicles are sold to dealers, or through the Vehicle Trading International (VTI) GmbH. 
The selling process is supported by a used vehicles information system (on a SAP basis platform) which was 
developed for the specific purpose of selling used motor vehicles. Each sale of a Leased Vehicle will always 
be made to the highest bidder. 
As a rule, an application for a court order is made in order to enforce the debts after the settling of the Lease 
Contract. The payment order process is instituted by the Hannover Lower Court as part of automated 
summary proceedings. The collection and the seizure of Leased Vehicles is handled through the collection 
information system, an application which was specifically developed for such purpose. This procedure offers 
the advantage that the entire process of debts management, collection and used vehicles sales is represented 
in a homogenous systems environment resulting in shorter handling times and increased productivity. 
In court proceedings and out of such proceedings, VWL agrees to accept a settlement (Vergleich) if and to 
the extent, it appears to be economically viable or if a complete collection appears to be unlikely due to the 
financial condition of the Lessee. However, available collateral, such as directly enforceable guarantees, bank 
guarantees or deposits, will first be utilised. 
Write-Off 
VWL will write-off any debts owed to it by a Lessee if one of the following criteria is met and to the extent, that 
available collateral such as directly enforceable guarantees, bank guarantees or deposits has been utilised: 
• 
Unsuccessful enforcement measures (erfolglose Zwangsvollstreckung); 
• 
Unsuccessful attachment order and transfer of garnished claim (erfolgloser Pfändungs- und 
Überweisungsbeschluss); 
• 
Insolvency of the Lessee; 
• 
Unsuccessful repossession; 
• 
Lessee is in jail; 
• 
Lessee's address unknown; 
• 
Lessee has left the European Union as a result of which no further payments can be expected; 
• 
Lessee with (legal) care (Betreuungsmaßnahmen); 
• 
Scoring red: No court orders (expected court order costs will exceed the expected collections); 
• 
Proven inability to pay (Zahlungsunfähigkeit); 
• 
Lessee's death without heir apparent; 
• 
Settlement through or out of court orders (Gerichtlicher/Außergerichtlicher Vergleich); 
• 
Lost court proceedings; and 
• 
A claim becomes unenforceable.

--- Page 134 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
 
Internal Audit 
Volkswagen Leasing GmbH uses a system for measuring, monitoring and controlling its risk positions, which 
is documented and refined on an ongoing basis by means of guidelines. The suitability of individual system 
elements is reviewed regularly in a risk-oriented manner by the Internal Audit Department and by external 
auditors as part of their audit of the annual financial statements. On behalf of the Board of Management of 
Volkswagen Leasing GmbH Internal Audit independently and in a risk-oriented manner reviews the 
operational and business procedures of Volkswagen Leasing GmbH and its domestic and foreign branches 
for which contractual auditing rights are in place. 
The operational executions of the audits are covered by the internal audit function of a Group company 
(Corporate Internal Audit). Audits at the foreign branch of Volkswagen Leasing GmbH are further outsourced 
to a Group company’s audit function in Italy. This activity is based on an annual audit plan, which is drawn up 
on the basis of the legal requirements in a risk-oriented manner. Internal Audit informs the Board of 
Management of Volkswagen Leasing GmbH of the result of the audits carried out by submitting audit reports 
as well as a quarterly and annual summary report. The timely implementation of the measures and 
recommendations agreed in the audit reports is monitored by Internal Audit and, if necessary follow up audits 
are conducted. 
Auditors 
Ernst & Young GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Landschaftsstraße 8, 30159 Hanover, ("EY") has 
been the statutory auditor of the annual financial statements of VWL for the financial year ending on 31 
December 2023. Ernst & Young GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft is a member of the Chamber of 
Public Accountants.

--- Page 135 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
Volkswagen Leasing Group 
Selected figures (IFRS) for the years 2013 –– 2023 
 
Source: Consolidated annual financial statements of Volkswagen Leasing GmbH 
 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
2017 
2016 
2015 
2014 
2013 
New Contracts (thou.) 
750 
637 
646 
702 
769 
618 
615 
590 
555 
517 
439 
Contracts Ountstanding (thou.) 
1,978 
1,897 
1,814 
1,721 
1,674 
1,487 
1,386 
1,281 
1,181 
1,110 
1,014 
Capital Investment (EUR m.) 
25,649 
20,497 
19,250 
20,533 
20,890 
16,204 
16,240 
15,114 
13,938 
12,154 
10,556 
Total Receivables (EUR m.) 
20,967 
18,582 
18,029 
18,510 
18,690 
17,298 
16,771 
15,436 
13,681 
12,629 
11,761 
-from leasing instalments (EUR m.) 
5,868 
4,656 
4,425 
4,911 
5,120 
4,761 
5,040 
4,956 
4,548 
4,305 
4,253 
-from residual values (EUR m.) 
15,098 
13,926 
13,604 
13,599 
13,570 
12,536 
11,731 
10,480 
9,133 
8,324 
7,508 
Residual values operate Lease (EUR m.) 
27,708 
25,764 
23,298 
19,377 
15,517 
12,371 
10,805 
9,248 
8,372 
7,453 
6,531

--- Page 136 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
ADMINISTRATION OF THE PURCHASED LEASE RECEIVABLES UNDER THE 
SERVICING AGREEMENT 
VWL has agreed to act as Servicer under the Servicing Agreement. In this capacity it has agreed to perform 
the following tasks according to its usual business practices as they exist from time to time:  
– 
To collect and realise the Lease Receivables. 
– 
To administer the contracts underlying the Lease Receivables and in particular in case of non-
payment to terminate a Lease Contract.  
– 
VWL may allow Lessees to defer payment and amendments, modifications or adjustments on a 
Lease Contracts within the scope of VWL’s general business policies as they exist from time to time. 
– 
take actions and remedies against delinquent and defaulted Lessees, exercise debt restructuring, 
debt forgiveness, forbearance, payment holidays, losses, charge offs, recoveries and other asset 
performance remedies against a Lessee. 
– 
VWL shall for the first time advance the Monthly Collateral in respect of the month in which the 
Monthly Collateral Start Date falls plus, if the advance payment has to be made prior to the Payment 
Date falling in such month in which the Monthly Collateral Start Date occurs, the Monthly Collateral 
in respect of the month prior to such month in which the Monthly Collateral Start Date falls to the 
Distribution Account; and for any subsequent month in which the Monthly Remittance Condition 
continues to not be satisfied, VWL shall advance the Monthly Collateral to the Distribution Account 
on any Monthly Collateral Payment Date to be retained until the Payment Date relating to such 
month. 
– 
To repossess the respective vehicle on behalf of the Issuer upon termination of a Lease Contract 
and to realise such vehicles.  
– 
To assert vis-à-vis the respective insurance companies, the claims to payment of other benefits under 
the vehicle insurance policies assigned to the Issuer pursuant to the Receivables Purchase 
Agreement. 
Administration of Collections, Costs of Administration and Replacing of the Servicer 
The Servicer will thus be receiving payments in respect of the Purchased Lease Receivables due each month, 
of overdue Lease Receivables, sometimes of advance payments on Purchased Lease Receivables, 
Settlement Amounts, Compensation Payments and repurchase amounts from Lease Contracts, of the 
realisation of Leased Vehicles and of insurance on damaged Leased Vehicles. 
Subject to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, if: 
(a) 
the Monthly Remittance Condition is not satisfied, VWL shall for the first time advance the Monthly 
Collateral in respect of the month in which the Monthly Collateral Start Date falls plus, if the advance 
payment has to be made prior to the Payment Date falling in such month in which the Monthly 
Collateral Start Date occurs, the Monthly Collateral in respect of the month prior to such month in 
which the Monthly Collateral Start Date falls to the Distribution Account; and 
(b) 
for any subsequent month in which the Monthly Remittance Condition continues to not be satisfied, 
VWL shall advance the Monthly Collateral to the Distribution Account on any Monthly Collateral 
Payment Date to be retained until the Payment Date relating to such month. 
Irrespective of its obligation to advance the Monthly Collateral VWL will still remain being obliged to transfer 
Collections to the Distribution Account in accordance with the provisions of the Servicing Agreement. 
However, at any time when either (a) the Monthly Remittance Condition is satisfied or (b) the Monthly 
Remittance Condition is not satisfied but VWL as Servicer has complied with its obligation to remit the Monthly 
Collateral to the Distribution Account, VWL is entitled to hold, use and invest at its own risk the amounts 
collected under the Purchased Lease Receivables and other amounts collected by it during a Monthly Period 
without segregating such funds from its other funds, and VWL will be required to make a single transfer of 
Collections and other amounts collected by it to the Distribution Account on the following Payment Date. 
Otherwise, Collections and other amounts collected by it will be required to be remitted by it to the Distribution 
Account on the first Business Day after receipt of such amounts.

--- Page 137 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
 
Following a breach of the Monthly Remittance Condition, the Monthly Servicer Report will show for each 
Monthly Period whether the Monthly Collateral which has been transferred by VWL for the relevant  Monthly 
Period exceeds the Collections and other amounts collected by it for such Monthly Period or whether the 
collections on the Purchased Lease Receivables and other amounts collected by it for the relevant Monthly 
Period exceed the Monthly Collateral for such Monthly Period. 
On any Payment Date VWL's obligation to pay such collections on the Purchased Lease Receivables and 
other amounts received by VWL for the relevant Monthly Period into the Distribution Account will be netted 
with its claim for repayment of the Monthly Collateral for such Monthly Period and such Monthly Collateral 
(after netting) will form part of the Available Distribution Amount on such Payment Date. If for such Monthly 
Period the Monthly Servicer Report shows (a) that the Monthly Collateral which has been transferred by VWL 
for the relevant Monthly Period on the respective Monthly Collateral Payment Date exceeds the collections 
on the Purchased Lease Receivables and other amounts received by VWL for such Monthly Period, such 
excess shall be released to VWL outside the Order of Priority on the relevant Payment Date or (b) that the 
collections on the Purchased Lease Receivables and other amounts received by VWL for such Monthly Period 
exceed the Monthly Collateral which has been transferred by VWL for the relevant Monthly Period on the 
respective Monthly Collateral Payment Date, an amount equal to such excess shall be paid into the 
Distribution Account by VWL on the relevant Payment Date. 
When the Monthly Remittance Condition is satisfied again, any Monthly Collateral standing to the credit of 
the Distribution Account shall be released to the Servicer outside the Order of Priority on the next Payment 
Date following such satisfaction. 
Unless this power is repealed, the Servicer is entitled and shall utilise the Cash Collateral Account of the 
Issuer, if necessary, up to the sum of the credit shown on the Cash Collateral Account: 
(a) 
in accordance with the instructions from the Issuer to the extent, in the amounts and for the 
purposes described in clause 23 (Cash Collateral Account, Accumulation Account) of the 
Trust Agreement; or 
(b) 
for costs incurred as a result of the replacement of a Servicer, to the extent that they cannot 
be covered by income from the investment of the funds in the Distribution Account and the 
Cash Collateral Account. 
The Servicer will be entitled to receive the Servicer Fee on each Payment Date for the preceding Monthly 
Period. The Servicer Fee for any Payment Date will be an amount equal to the product of (1) one-twelfth, (2) 
1.0 per cent. per annum and (3) sum of the Aggregate Discounted Lease Balance for the related Monthly 
Period, charged to the Issuer. As additional compensation, the Servicer will be entitled to retain all late fees, 
fees for cheques with insufficient funds or other administrative fees. The Servicer will pay all expenses 
incurred by it in connection with its collection activities and will not be entitled to reimbursement of those 
expenses except for auction, painting, repair or refurbishment expenses and similar expenses with respect 
to the Leased Vehicles, i.e. such costs will be deducted from the enforcement or sale proceeds. The Servicer 
will have no responsibility, however, to pay any credit losses with respect to the Purchased Lease 
Receivables. VWL is entitled to receive late collections on Purchased Receivables which will be collected by 
the Servicer in case of a termination of a Lease Contract after the date of the Write-Off. 
The Servicer may be replaced in case of a Servicer Replacement Event as outlined below. In that case the 
costs of replacing it are also to be paid from income from the investment of the funds in the Distribution 
Account and the Cash Collateral Account. If these proceeds do not cover the said costs, the difference is to 
be made up from the Cash Collateral Account. 
Reporting Duties of the Servicer, Duties under the Swap Agreements and Reporting Duties under the 
Securitisation Regulation 
Under the Servicing Agreement the Servicer has undertaken to report the following facts to the Issuer, the 
Security Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Account Bank, the Cash 
Administrator, the Rating Agencies and the Subordinated Lender on the Servicer Report Performance Date: 
(a) 
the Available Distribution Amount and the aggregate amount to be distributed in relation to each Note 
and on the Subordinated Loan on the immediately following Payment Date;

--- Page 138 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
 
(b) 
the repayment of the nominal amount attributed to each Note and to the Subordinated Loan as 
advanced together with the interest payment; 
(c) 
the Lease Receivables Collection Amount; 
(d) 
the nominal amount still outstanding on each Note and the Subordinated Loan on each respective 
Payment Date and the nominal amount of any Further Notes to be issued on such Payment Date 
and of any Borrowing Base Cure Amount on such date; 
(e) 
the Aggregate Discounted  Receivables Balance; 
(f) 
the General Cash Collateral Amount remaining available on the immediately following Payment Date 
and the amount of any Monthly Collateral received from VWL with respect to such Payment Date; 
(g) 
the sums corresponding to the administration fees and servicing fees; 
(h) 
the 12-Months Average Dynamic Net Loss Ratio and whether the Credit Enhancement Increase 
Condition is in effect; 
(i) 
the Class A Actual Overcollateralisation Percentage and the Class B Actual Overcollateralisation 
Percentage; 
(j) 
the Dynamic Net Loss Ratio; 
(k) 
delinquency information for delinquency periods of up to one month, one to two months, two to three 
months, three to four months, four to five months, five to six months, six to seven months, seven to 
eight months, eight to nine months, nine to ten months and more than ten months with respect to the 
number of Delinquent Lease Contracts, the amount of Delinquent Purchased Lease Receivables and 
the total outstanding Discounted Receivables Balance of Delinquent Lease Contracts; 
(l) 
in the event of the final Payment Date, the fact that such date is the final Payment Date; 
(m) 
the confirmation that VWL has complied with its statutory obligation to pay VAT to its competent tax 
office on the Purchased Lease Receivables when such VAT became due for payment. Should VWL 
fail to deliver such confirmation, the Servicer will report the actual VAT deficiency ledger, if any; 
(n) 
stratification tables; 
(o) 
the Late Delinquency Ratio; 
(p) 
the Buffer Release Rate, any amount standing to the credit of the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger, 
any Positive Buffer Release Amount and any Negative Buffer Release Amount; 
(q) 
Information on the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event: 
(r) 
amortisation profile of the outstanding pool; 
(s) 
any Class A Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance Increase Amount or Class B Aggregate 
Discounted Receivables Balance Increase Amount; and 
(t)  
Maximum subscription amounts for each Series of Notes. 
The Servicer shall, furthermore, provide the Rating Agencies with the reports and information which the latter 
reasonably need to maintain their rating of the Notes. 
Additionally, VWL as designated reporting entity under Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation undertakes 
to the Issuer under the Servicing Agreement that it will make the information available to the Noteholders, to 
competent authorities, as referred to in Article 29 of the Securitisation Regulation and to potential Noteholders 
all such information as the Issuer is required to make available pursuant to and in compliance with the 
Securitisation Regulation Disclosure Requirements. The Servicer will make such information available via the 
Securitisation Repository.

--- Page 139 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
 
In the event that the Servicer is not able to comply with its reporting obligations as set out above in respect 
of a Purchased Lease Receivable, due to reasons which are constituted in the internal procedures of the 
Servicer (e.g.IT procedures or similar), the Servicer shall be entitled to take, mutatis mutandis, remedial 
actions as set out under "DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO - Warranties and Guarantees in relation 
to the Sale of the Purchased Lease Receivables". 
In addition, under the Servicing Agreement and subject to applicable Data Protection Rules, Volkswagen 
Leasing GmbH as Servicer undertakes to the Issuer that it will, for as long as the Notes are intended to be 
held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility, make loan-level data in such a manner available as 
required to comply with the Eurosystem eligibility criteria (as set out in annex VIII (loan-level data reporting 
requirements for asset-backed securities) of the Guideline of the European Central Bank of 20 September 
2011 on monetary policy instruments and procedures of the Eurosystem (recast) (ECB/2011/14) as amended 
and applicable from time to time). 
Under the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer has undertaken to the Issuer that no less than once per annum 
commencing on the date of the Swap Agreements, it shall perform with any Swap Counterparty and on behalf 
of the Issuer, a reconciliation of all outstanding transactions under the Swap Agreements for the purposes of 
ensuring agreement as to the key terms of such transactions (including, without limitation, the effective date, 
position of such Swap Counterparty, currency of the transaction, the underlying instrument, the business day 
convention, notional amounts, payment dates, termination dates, fixed amounts and/ or floating amounts) and 
the then notional value of each such outstanding transaction under the Swap Agreements. 
Distribution Duties of the Servicer 
On the 25th day of each month or, if this day is not a Business Day, then the next following Business Day 
(unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the date will be the first preceding day that is 
a Business Day), is a Payment Date. No later than the Payment Date of each month, the Servicer will have 
made available to the Issuer in the Distribution Account in the manner stated below under "Distribution 
Procedure" the amount due and received from Lessees and other sources during the prior month.  
Distribution Procedure 
The Servicer has undertaken to transfer by the Payment Date of each calendar month to the respective 
Distribution Account Collections received and the proceeds from the realisation of the Leased Vehicles, as 
well as the payments received from the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreements. 
Administration of Insurance Benefits and Realisation of Security 
The Servicer is authorised, until revocation by the Issuer and/or the Security Trustee, and shall assert, in 
accordance with the Servicer’s customary practices in effect from time to time in relation to the respective 
insurance companies, the claims to payment of benefits under the vehicle insurance policies assigned to the 
Issuer pursuant to the Receivables Purchase Agreement. The Servicer is not required to monitor the 
compliance by a Lessee with the insurance provisions and the Servicer shall not be liable for any failure by a 
Lessee to comply with such provisions. 
Upon the termination of a Lease Contract, the Servicer is authorised, until revocation by the Security Trustee, 
and shall appropriate the respective Leased Vehicle on behalf of the Security Trustee and to realise such 
vehicles in accordance with the Servicer’s customary practices in effect from time to time. The proceeds of 
realisation to which the Issuer, as applicable, is entitled according to the Trust Agreement shall be paid by 
the Servicer to the Issuer. 
Amendments to the Servicing Agreement 
VWL will be entitled to unilaterally amend any term or provision of the Servicing Agreement with the consent 
of the Issuer and the Security Trustee but without the consent of any Noteholder, any Swap Counterparty, 
the Subordinated Lender or any other Person, provided that (if such amendment is not only a correction of a 
manifest error or of a formal, minor or technical nature) such amendment shall only become valid,  
(a) 
if it is notified to the Security Trustee and the Rating Agencies and the Issuer and VWL have 
received a confirmation from the Security Trustee that in the sole professional judgement of the

--- Page 140 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
 
Security Trustee, such amendment will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of any such 
Programme Creditor; and  
(b) 
if any of the amendments relate to the amount, the currency or the timing of the cashflow received 
by the Issuer under the Purchased Lease Receivables, the application of such cashflow by the 
Issuer, or the ranking of the Swap Counterparty in the Order of Priority, then the consent of the 
Swap Counterparty will be required;  
(c) 
in case of amendments which materially and adversely affect the interests of the Issuer, the Security 
Trustee, the Swap Counterparty or the Subordinated Lender if such parties have consented to such 
amendment; 
(d) 
in case that the Issuer is advised by a third party authorised under Article 28 of the Securitisation 
Regulation or a reputable international law firm that such amendments are required for the 
Programme to comply with the Securitisation Regulation including the requirements for simple, 
transparent and standardised securitisations set out therein and in any regulatory technical 
standards adopted under the Securitisation Regulation. 
Any amendment subject to paragraph (d) shall only become valid, by giving ten (10) Business Days prior 
notice to the Noteholders and the Rating Agencies in writing, including by email. 
The Security Trustee shall have the right to request a reputable law firm in the relevant jurisdiction to confirm 
the legal validity of such amendment and/or to describe the legal effects of such amendment and to incur 
reasonable expenses for such consultation which shall be reimbursed by VWL.

--- Page 141 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
 
Dismissal and Replacement of the Servicer 
After a Servicer Replacement Event, the Issuer is entitled to dismiss the Servicer by written notification and 
to appoint a new Servicer. The dismissal of the existing Servicer and the appointment of a new Servicer shall 
only become effective after the new Servicer has (i) taken over all the rights and obligations of the Servicer 
hereunder and (ii) agreed to indemnify and hold harmless the dismissed Servicer from all procedures, claims, 
obligations and liabilities as well as all related costs, fees, damages claims and expenditures (inclusive fees 
and expenditures associated with legal advice, chartered accountants and other experts or persons 
commissioned or initiated from the dismissed Servicer) which it may incur arising out of, in connection with or 
based upon any negligent breach of the contractual duties or any other omission or action of the new Servicer. 
The dismissed Servicer shall use best efforts that the appointment of the new Servicer shall become effective 
no later than three (3) months after the occurrence of a Servicer Replacement Event. In case of such a 
dismissal, the dismissed Servicer is obliged to transfer all then existing vested rights and assets held to the 
new Servicer appointed by the Issuer; the dismissed Servicer is furthermore obligated to place all information, 
files and documents, which are necessary for the proper performance of the Servicer’s obligations, at the new 
Servicer’s disposal. The Servicer is precluded from asserting retention rights and from setting off and may 
not ask for a refund of its costs and expenses incurred with the replacement of the current Servicer by a new 
Servicer. 
The Issuer is entitled to transfer its right to unilaterally change the contractual relationship (Gestaltungsrecht), 
as outlined in clause 11.1 (Dismissal and replacement of the Servicer) of the Servicing Agreement, to the 
Security Trustee. The Servicer shall be notified in writing (with a copy to the Rating Agencies) of such transfer. 
Audit of Activities of the Servicer 
At the request of the Issuer, the activities of the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement shall be audited by 
chartered accountants who shall be appointed by the Issuer. The costs of such audit shall be borne by the 
Servicer. For the avoidance of doubt, the maximum number of audits shall be one (1) per annum.

--- Page 142 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
 
SECURITY TRUSTEE 
The Issuer has entered into a Trust Agreement with, inter alia, Intertrust Trustees GmbH as Security Trustee 
and VWL. The Security Trustee’s address is at Eschersheimer Landstraße 14, 60322 Frankfurt am Main, 
Federal Republic of Germany. The Security Trustee is not affiliated with the Issuer or VWL and maintains no 
other non-arm’s length business relationship with the Issuer or VWL. Under this agreement the Issuer has 
authorised the Security Trustee to act as fiduciary agent for the Programme Creditors.  
Under the Trustee Claim pursuant to the Trust Agreement, the Issuer has entitled the Security Trustee to 
demand from the Issuer: (i) that any present or future obligation of the Issuer in relation to the Noteholders 
shall be fulfilled; (ii) that any present or future obligation of the Issuer in relation to a Programme Creditor of 
the Programme Documents shall be fulfilled; and (iii) (if the Issuer is in default with any Secured Obligation(s) 
and insolvency proceedings have not been instituted against the estate of the Security Trustee) that any 
payment owed under the respective Secured Obligation will be made to the Security Trustee for on-payment 
to the Programme Creditors and discharge the obligation of the Issuer accordingly. 
To provide collateral for the respective Trustee Claim, the Issuer assigns, pledges or transfers, as applicable, 
to the Security Trustee the Purchased Lease Receivables and the related Lease Collateral, all its claims and 
other rights arising from the Programme Documents (including the rights to unilaterally alter the legal 
relationship (unselbständige Gestaltungsrechte) and from all present and future contracts the Issuer has 
entered or may enter into in connection with the Notes, the Subordinated Loan, the Swap Agreements, or the 
Purchased Leased receivables and Lease Collateral), and all transferable claims (i) in respect of the Accounts 
of the Issuer opened pursuant to the Account Agreement and (ii) in respect of all bank accounts which will be 
opened under the Trust Agreement in the name of the Issuer in the future.  
As part of the Lease Collateral, VWL has transferred the title to the Leased Vehicles to the Issuer for security 
purposes (Sicherungseigentum) and the Issuer has transferred the title to the Leased Vehicles for security 
purposes (Sicherungseigentum) to the Security Trustee under the Trust Agreement. The Security Trustee 
has agreed to realise the ownership in the Leased Vehicles for security purposes (Sicherungseigentum) or 
have the ownership for security purposes (Sicherungseigentum) realised and to distribute the proceeds from 
such realisation in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Agreement. 
The Security Trustee has agreed to maintain and manage the Security, or, as the case may be, to realise 
them. However, until revocation by the Security Trustee the management/exercise of the Security remains 
vested in the Servicer, provided that the Issuer fulfils its obligations under the Notes. 
The parties to the Trust Agreement have agreed that the Security Trustee, under the Trust Agreement, shall 
act exclusively for the benefit of the Programme Creditors. 
Unless otherwise set forth in the Trust Agreement, the Security Trustee is not obliged to supervise the 
discharge of the payment and other obligations of the Issuer arising from the Funding and the Programme 
Documents or to carry out duties which are the responsibility of the management of the Issuer. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of the Trust Agreement, all rights of the Noteholders under the Notes shall 
remain at all times and under all circumstances vested in the Noteholders. 
The Trust Agreement does not oblige the Security Trustee to take any action (except to hold and realise the 
Security) unless any of the following events occur: 
(i) 
with respect to the Issuer an Insolvency Event occurs; 
(ii) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of any interest on any Note when the same becomes due and 
payable, and such default shall continue for a period of five (5) Business Days; or  
(iii) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of principal of any Note on the respective Legal Maturity Date. 
VWL will be entitled to amend the Trust Agreement as provided for in clause 39 (Amendments) of the Trust 
Agreement. 
For the complete text of the Trust Agreement, see "TRUST AGREEMENT".

--- Page 143 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
 
DATA PROTECTION TRUSTEE 
The Issuer has entered into a Data Protection Trust Agreement with Amsterdamsch Trustee's Kantoor B.V. 
and VWL. 
Amsterdamsch Trustee's Kantoor B.V., a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met 
beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under Dutch law and having its official seat (statutaire zetel) in 
Amsterdam, the Netherlands, has been appointed as Data Protection Trustee under the Data Protection Trust 
Agreement. The managing directors of Amsterdamsch Trustee's Kantoor B.V. are Arno Jacobus Vink, 
Leonard Frederik van der Sman, Jacobus Cornelis Maria Veerman and Ian Hancock. The sole shareholder 
of Amsterdamsch Trustee's Kantoor B.V. is Intertrust (Netherlands) B.V., a private company with limited 
liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under Dutch law and having its 
official seat (statutaire zetel) in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. 
The information in the preceding paragraph has been provided by Amsterdamsch Trustee’s Kantoor B.V. for 
use in this Base Prospectus and Amsterdamsch Trustee’s Kantoor B.V. is solely responsible for the accuracy 
of the preceding paragraph, provided that, with respect to any information included herein and specified to be 
sourced from the Data Protection Trustee (i) the Issuer confirms that any such information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the above Information 
available to it from the Data Protection Trustee, no facts have been omitted, the omission would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such 
information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy hereof. Except for the foregoing paragraph, 
Amsterdamsch Trustee’s Kantoor B.V. in its capacity as Data Protection Trustee, and its Affiliates have not 
been involved in the preparation of, and do not accept responsibility for, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 144 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
 
RATINGS 
The Class A Notes are expected to be rated AAA (sf) by DBRS and AAA(sf) by S&P Global. 
The Class B Notes are expected to be rated at least A(high)(sf) by DBRS and at least A+ (sf) by S&P Global. 
The rating of "AAA (sf)" is the highest rating that DBRS assigns and "AAA (sf)" is the highest rating S&P 
Global assigns. The suffix "sf" denotes an issue that is a structured finance transaction. 
The rating of the Notes addresses the ultimate payment of principal and timely payment of interest according 
to the Conditions. The rating takes into consideration the characteristics of the Lease Receivables and 
Expectancy Rights and the structural, legal, tax and Issuer-related aspects associated with the Notes.  
The ratings assigned to the Notes should be evaluated independently from similar ratings on other types of 
securities. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
revision or withdrawal by the Rating Agencies at any time. In the event that the ratings initially assigned to 
any Series of the Notes by the Rating Agencies are subsequently withdrawn or lowered for any reason, no 
person or entity is obliged to provide any additional support or credit enhancement with respect to such Series 
of Notes. 
The Issuer has not requested a rating of the Notes by any rating agency other than the Rating Agencies; 
there can be no assurance, however, as to whether any other rating agency will rate the Notes or, if it does, 
what rating would be assigned by such other rating agency. The rating assigned to the Notes by such other 
rating agency could be lower than the respective ratings assigned by the Rating Agencies. 
References to ratings of DBRS and S&P Global in this Base Prospectus shall refer to www.dbrs.com and 
www.standardandpoors.com respectively.

--- Page 145 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
1. 
General 
The Issuer, a company with limited liability (société anonyme), was incorporated as a special purpose 
vehicle for the purpose of issuing asset backed securities under the laws of Luxembourg on 27 
October 2009, for an unlimited period and has its registered office at 22-24 boulevard Royal, L-2449 
Luxembourg (telephone: (+352) 2602 491). The Issuer is registered with the Luxembourg 
Commercial Register under registration number B 149052.  
The Issuer has elected in its Articles of Incorporation to be governed by the Luxembourg 
Securitisation Law. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is: 5299009IQIZNAIRGQH25. 
The Issuer currently does not intend to issue securities on a continuous basis to the public and if at 
a later point it did, it would first apply for a license pursuant to, and in accordance with the provisions 
of the Luxembourg Securitisation Law.  
Further information on the Programme, including this Base Prospectus, can be obtained on the 
website of Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. (https://circumferencefs-luxembourg.com), 
whereby it should be noted that the information on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
2. 
Corporate purpose of the Issuer 
The Issuer has as its business purpose the securitisation (within the meaning of the Luxembourg 
Securitisation Law which applies to the Issuer) of risks associated to any kind of leasing receivables, 
vehicles and related assets and collateral. The Issuer may issue securities of any nature and in any 
currency and, to the largest extent permitted by the Luxembourg Securitisation Law, pledge, 
mortgage or charge or otherwise create security interests in and over its assets, property and rights 
to secure its obligations. The Issuer may enter into any agreement and perform any action necessary 
or useful for the purposes of carrying out transactions permitted by the Luxembourg Securitisation 
Law, including, without limitation, disposing of its assets in accordance with the relevant agreements. 
The Issuer may only carry out the above activities if and to the extent that they are compatible with 
the Luxembourg Securitisation Law.  
3. 
Compartment 
The board of directors of the Issuer may, in accordance with the terms of the Luxembourg 
Securitisation Law, and in particular its article 5, create one or more Compartments within the Issuer. 
Each Compartment shall correspond to a distinct part of the assets and liabilities in respect of the 
corresponding funding. The resolution of the board of directors creating one or more Compartments 
within the Issuer, as well as any subsequent amendments thereto, shall be binding from the date of 
such resolutions against any third party. 
As between investors, each Compartment of the Issuer shall be treated as a separate entity. Rights 
of creditors and investors of the Issuer that (i) relate to a Compartment or (ii) have arisen in 
connection with the creation, the operation or the liquidation of a Compartment are strictly limited to 
the assets of that Compartment which shall be exclusively available to satisfy such creditors and 
investors. Creditors and investors of the Issuer whose rights are not related to a specific 
Compartment of the Issuer shall have no rights to the assets of such Compartment. 
Unless otherwise provided for in the resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer creating such 
Compartment, no resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer may amend the resolution creating 
such Compartment or to directly affect the rights of the creditors and investors whose rights relate to 
such Compartment without the prior approval of the creditors and investors whose rights relate to 
such Compartment. Any decision of the board of directors taken in breach of this provision shall be 
void.

--- Page 146 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
 
Without prejudice to what is stated in the precedent paragraph, each Compartment of the Issuer may 
be separately liquidated without such liquidation resulting in the liquidation of another Compartment 
of the Issuer or of the Issuer itself. 
Fees, costs, expenses and other liabilities incurred on behalf of the Issuer but which do not relate 
specifically to any Compartment shall be general liabilities of the Issuer and shall not be payable out 
of the assets of any Compartment. The board of directors of the Issuer shall ensure that creditors of 
such liabilities waive recourse to the assets of any Compartment. If such creditors do not waive 
recourse and such general liabilities cannot be otherwise funded, they shall be apportioned pro rata 
among the Compartments of the Issuer upon a decision of the board of directors.  
With board resolution dated 18 December 2009 the Issuer created Compartment 1. 
4. 
Business Activity 
The Issuer has carried on business or activities that are incidental to its incorporation, which include 
the entering into certain transactions prior to the Issue Date with respect to the securitisation 
transaction contemplated herein and the issuance of the Notes. 
In respect of the Programme, the principal activities of the Issuer have been (i) the issuance of the 
Notes, (ii) the granting of the Security, (iii) the entering into the Subordinated Loan Agreement (iv) 
the entering into the Swap Agreements and all other Programme Documents to which it is a party, 
(v) the opening of the Distribution Account, the Accumulation Account and the Cash Collateral 
Account and (vi) the exercise of related rights and powers and other activities reasonably incidental 
thereto. 
5. 
Corporate Administration and Management 
The following directors of the Issuer have been appointed in the shareholders’ meeting following the 
incorporation of the Issuer: 
DIRECTOR 
BUSINESS ADDRESS 
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
OUTSIDE THE ISSUER 
Zamyra Heleen Cammans 
22-24 boulevard Royal, L-
2449 Luxembourg 
Professional in the 
domiciliation business 
Helene Grine-Siciliano 
22-24 boulevard Royal, L-
2449 Luxembourg 
Professional in the 
domiciliation business 
Meenakshi Mussai-Ramassur,  22-24 boulevard Royal, L-
2449 Luxembourg 
Professional in the 
domiciliation business 
 
Each of the directors confirms that there is no conflict of interest between his or her duties as a 
director of the Issuer and his or her principal and/or other activities outside the Issuer. 
Each of the directors further confirms that they do not perform any principal activities outside the 
Issuer which are significant with respect to the Issuer. 
6. 
Capital, Shares and Shareholders 
The subscribed capital of the Issuer is set at EUR 31,000 divided into 3,100 shares fully paid up, 
registered shares with a par value of EUR 10 each.  
The sole shareholder of the Issuer is Stichting CarLux. Stichting CarLux is a foundation duly 
incorporated and validly existing under the laws of The Netherlands with its registered office at 
Museumlaan 2, 3581HK Utrecht, The Netherlands. Stichting CarLux is registered with the trade 
register of the Chamber of Commerce in Amsterdam under number 34283304.

--- Page 147 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
 
7. 
Capitalisation 
The share capital of the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus is as follows: 
Share Capital 
Subscribed, issued and fully paid up: EUR 31,000 
8. 
Indebtedness 
The Issuer has no material indebtedness, contingent liabilities and/or guarantees as at the date of 
the Base Prospectus, other than that which the Issuer has incurred or shall incur in relation to the 
transactions contemplated in the Base Prospectus. 
9. 
Holding Structure 
Stichting CarLux, prenamed 
 
3,100 shares 
Total 
 
3,100 shares 
 
10. 
Subsidiaries 
The Issuer has no subsidiaries or Affiliates. 
11. 
Name of the Issuer’s Financial Auditors 
Ernst & Young Luxembourg S.A. 
35E, Avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Ernst & Young Luxembourg S.A. is a member of the Institut des Réviseurs d' Entreprises agréés. 
12. 
Main Process for Director’s Meetings and Decisions 
The Issuer is managed by a board of directors comprising at least three (3) members, whether 
shareholders or not, who are appointed for a period not exceeding six years by the general meeting 
of shareholders which may at any time remove them. 
The number of directors, their term and their remuneration are fixed by the general meeting of the 
shareholders. 
The board of directors may elect from among its members a chairman. 
The board of directors convenes upon call by the chairman, as often as the interest of the Issuer so 
requires. It must be convened each time two directors so request. 
Directors may participate in a meeting of the board of directors by means of conference telephone or 
similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can 
hear and speak to each other, and such participation in a meeting will constitute presence in person 
at the meeting, provided that all actions approved by the directors at any such meeting will be 
reproduced in writing in the form of resolutions. 
Resolutions signed by all members of the board of directors will be as valid and effective as if passed 
at a meeting duly convened and held. Such signatures may appear on a single document or multiple 
copies of an identical resolution and may be evidenced by letter, fax, email or similar communication. 
The board of directors is vested with the powers to perform all acts of administration and disposition 
in compliance with the corporate objects of the Issuer. 
13. 
Financial Statements 
Audited financial statements will be published by the Issuer on an annual basis.

--- Page 148 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
 
The business year of the Issuer extends from 1 January to 31 December of each year. The first 
business year began on 27 October 2009 (date of incorporation) and ended on 31 December 2010 
so that the first annual general meeting of the shareholder was held in 2011. 
Ernst & Young Luxembourg S.A., as auditor of VCL Master S.A., audited the annual accounts of VCL 
Master S.A. from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022 and from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 
2023. The Issuer's financial year is the calendar year.   
The financial statements of the Issuer for the fiscal years ended on 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2023 are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. See "DOCUMENTS 
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE". 
14. 
Auditors and Auditors' Reports 
The auditors of VCL Master S.A. are Ernst & Young Luxembourg S.A., 35E avenue John F. Kennedy, 
L-1855 Luxembourg. 
In the opinion of Ernst & Young Luxembourg S.A., the Issuer's annual accounts gave, in conformity 
with Luxembourg legal and regulatory requirements, a true and fair report of the financial position of 
VCL Master S.A. as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 and of the result of its operations 
from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022 and from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023. 
15. 
Inspection of Documents 
The following documents (or copies thereof) will remain publicly available for at least ten years: 
(a) 
the Articles of Incorporation of the Issuer;  
(b) 
minutes of the meeting of the board of directors of the Issuer approving the issue of the 
Notes, the issue of the Base Prospectus and the Programme as a whole; 
(c) 
the Base Prospectus, the Master Definitions Schedule and all the Programme Documents 
referred to in this Base Prospectus; and 
(d) 
the historical financial information of the Issuer for the years ending in December 2022 and 
December 2023 of the Issuer. 
and may be inspected at the Issuer’s registered office at 22-24 boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg. 
The Notes will be obligations of the Issuer only and will not be guaranteed by, or be the responsibility of 
Volkswagen Leasing GmbH, Volkswagen AG or any other person or entity. It should be noted, in particular, 
that the Notes will not be obligations of, and will not be guaranteed by the Seller, the Servicer (if different), 
the Interest Determination Agent, the Security Trustee, the Lead Manager, the Arranger or any of their 
respective Affiliates, the Subordinated Lender, the Account Bank, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Swap Counterparty, the Registrar, the Data Protection Trustee or the Corporate Services Provider 
or any other party described under this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 149 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have been published or which are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and filed with the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier shall be deemed to be 
incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the Issuer's audited annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022; and  
(b) 
the Issuer's audited annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2023. 
All of these documents are published and available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) and on the website of Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. (https://circumferencefs-
luxembourg.com).  
 
The Issuer's audited annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022, prepared in 
accordance with Luxembourg legal and regulatory requirements relating to the preparation of annual accounts 
(Page numbers refer to the PDF page numbers and not the actual document): 
Page(s) 
Directors' report ............................................................................................................................................ 3-5 
Audit report ................................................................................................................................................. 6-10 
Balance sheet as at 31 December 2022 .................................................................................................. 11-15 
Profit and loss account for the year from 1 January to 31 December 2022 ............................................. 16-17 
Notes to the accounts ............................................................................................................................... 18-26 
https://circumferencefs-luxembourg.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/202212-Signed-annual-accounts-
VCL-Master.pdf 
The Issuer's audited annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2023, prepared in 
accordance with Luxembourg legal and regulatory requirements relating to the preparation of annual accounts 
(Page numbers refer to the PDF page numbers and not the actual document):  
Page(s) 
Directors' report ............................................................................................................................................ 3-5 
Audit report ................................................................................................................................................. 6-10 
Balance sheet as at 31 December 2023 .................................................................................................. 11-15 
Profit and loss account for the year from 1 January to 31 December 2023 ............................................. 16-17 
Notes to the accounts ............................................................................................................................... 18-26 
https://circumferencefs-luxembourg.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/07/20231231-Annual-Accounts-2023-
SIGNED-VCL-Master.pdf 
 
The parts of the documents incorporated by reference that are not incorporated are either not relevant for an 
investor or covered in another part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 150 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
 
CORPORATE ADMINISTRATION AND ACCOUNTS 
Pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement, the Issuer has appointed Circumference FS (Luxembourg) 
S.A., 22-24 boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg as Corporate Services Provider to provide management, 
secretarial and administrative services to the Issuer including the provision of directors of the Issuer. The 
Corporate Services Provider is a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated in 
Luxembourg. It is not in any manner associated with the Issuer or with the Volkswagen Group. The Corporate 
Services Provider will inter alia provide the following services to the Issuer: 
– 
provide three directors and secretarial, clerical, administrative services; 
– 
convene meetings of shareholders; 
– 
maintain accounting records; and 
– 
procure that the annual accounts of the Issuer are prepared, audited and filed. 
The Corporate Services Provider will, furthermore, fulfil or cause to be fulfilled all the obligations of the Issuer 
under the contracts to which it is a party and which are mentioned in this Base Prospectus, which are as 
follows: 
– 
Receivables Purchase Agreements; 
– 
Servicing Agreement; 
– 
Corporate Services Agreement; 
– 
Trust Agreement and Security Assignment Deed; 
– 
Data Protection Trust Agreement;  
– 
Swap Agreements; 
– 
Agency Agreement; 
– 
Subordinated Loan Agreement; 
– 
Account Agreement; and 
– 
the Programme Agreement. 
As consideration for the performance of its services and functions under the Corporate Services Agreement, 
the Issuer will pay the Corporate Services Provider a fee as separately agreed. Recourse of the Corporate 
Services Provider against the Issuer is limited accordingly. See "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
NOTES". 
The Corporate Services Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party to the Agreement, without 
any justification, subject to three (3) months prior written notice from the date of the dispatch of a registered 
letter sent in the case of the Issuer by a director of the Issuer on behalf of the Issuer, or in the case of the 
Corporate Services Provider by a director of the Corporate Services Provider on behalf of the Corporate 
Services Provider to, as the case may require, the address of the Corporate Services Provider, or to the 
address of the Issuer. The termination shall only become effective once a replacement Corporate Services 
Provider has been appointed with the Security Trustee’s consent. 
Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A., a société anonyme incorporated in Luxembourg and having its 
registered address at 22-24 boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, will provide 
the corporate services pursuant the Corporate Services Agreement.  
The information in the preceding 5 paragraphs has been provided by Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. 
for use in this Base Prospectus and Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. is solely responsible for the 
accuracy of the preceding 5 paragraphs. Except for the foregoing 5 paragraphs, Circumference FS

--- Page 151 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
 
(Luxembourg) S.A. in its capacity as Corporate Services Provider, and its affiliates have not been involved in 
the preparation of, and do not accept responsibility for, this Base Prospectus. 
To the best knowledge and belief of the Issuer, the above information has been accurately reproduced. The 
Issuer is able to ascertain from the above information published by the Corporate Services Provider that no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 152 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CLASS A NOTES 
The terms and conditions of the Class A Notes (the "Conditions") are set out below. Annex A to the 
Conditions sets out the "TRUST AGREEMENT", Annex B to the Conditions sets out the "MASTER 
DEFINITIONS SCHEDULE". In case of any overlap or inconsistency in the definition of a term or expression 
in the Conditions and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, the definition contained in the Conditions will prevail. 
For Annex A referred to under the Conditions of the Notes see "TRUST AGREEMENT". 
1. 
Form and Nominal Amount of the Notes 
(a) 
The issue by VCL Master S.A., acting with respect to its Compartment 1 (the "Issuer") in an 
aggregate nominal amount of up to EUR 4,000,000,000 is divided into up to 
40,000 Class A Notes issued in registered global note form, 
(the "Class A Notes") 
each having a nominal amount of EUR 100,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). 
(b) 
Each Series of Class A Notes is issued in registered form and represented by a global note 
(each a "Global Note") without coupons attached. Each Global Note representing a Series 
of Class A Notes shall be deposited with a common safekeeper for Clearstream Luxembourg 
and Euroclear and thereafter, each Global Note will be held in book-entry form only. Each 
Global Note representing a Series of Class A Notes will bear the personal signatures of two 
duly authorised directors of VCL Master S.A. and will be authenticated by one or more 
employees or attorneys of HSBC Bank plc (the "Registrar") and will be effectuated by the 
Common Safekeeper. 
(c) 
The Issuer will cause to be kept at the specified office of the Registrar a register (the 
"Register") on which will be entered the name and address of the Registered Holder (as 
defined below) and the particulars of such Series of Class A Notes held by them and all 
transfers and payments (of interest and principal) of such Series of Class A Notes. The rights 
of the Registered Holder (as defined below) evidenced by a Global Note and title to a Global 
Notes itself pass by assignment and registration in the Register. Each Global Note 
representing a Series of Class A Notes will be issued in the name of a nominee of the 
Common Safekeeper (the "Registered Holder"). The Registered Holder will be registered 
as Noteholder in the Register. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (c) of this Condition 1, each person (other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Luxembourg, as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Series of 
Class A Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream Luxembourg, as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) 
shall be treated by the Issuer and any paying agent as the holder of such nominal amount 
of a Series of Class A Notes for all purposes (and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder 
of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
(e) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (c) of this Condition 1, interests in each Series of Class A Notes 
are transferable only according to applicable rules and regulations of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear, as the case may be. None of the Notes will be exchangeable 
for definitive notes. 
(f) 
In addition to the Class A Notes the Issuer has issued Class B floating rate notes (the "Class 
B Notes" and together with the Class A Notes, the "Notes"), which rank junior to the Class 
A Notes with respect to payment of interest and principal as described in the Order of Priority. 
The Issuer will issue further Class B Notes in the Class B Notes Increase Amount on any 
Further Issue Date. On the Closing Date the Issuer has borrowed the Subordinated Loan 
from the Subordinated Lender and on each Further Issue Date the Subordinated Loan 
Increase Amount, which rank junior to the Notes with respect to payment of interest and 
principal as described in the Order of Priority.

--- Page 153 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
 
(g) 
The Notes are subject to the provisions of the Trust Agreement between, inter alia, the 
Issuer, the Security Trustee, the Expectancy Rights Trustee and VWL. The provisions of the 
Trust Agreement are set out in Annex A. Annex A constitutes part of these Conditions.  
2. 
Series 
(a) 
Series of Class A Notes: 
On a given Issue Date falling within the Revolving Period, all Class A Notes issued on that 
date will constitute one or several Series of Class A Notes, which shall be identified by means 
of: 
(i) 
a four digit number representing the year on which the Series was issued, in the 
following format: Series "20xx", followed by:  
(ii) 
the number of such Series in respect of the relevant year, in the following format 
"y". 
(iii) 
in the following format: Series 20xx-y. 
(b) 
General principles relating to the Series of Class A Notes: 
The Class A Notes of different Series shall not be fungible among themselves. 
All Class A Notes issued within the same Series shall be fungible among themselves in 
accordance with and subject to the following provisions: 
(i) 
the Class A Series 20xx-y Notes of the same Series shall all bear the same interest 
rate in accordance with the provisions of Condition 8; 
(ii) 
the interest rate payable under the Class A Series 20xx-y Notes of a given Series 
shall be paid on the same Payment Dates; and 
(iii) 
the Series 20xx-y Notes in respect of a given Series shall have the same Scheduled 
Repayment Date and the same Legal Maturity Date as set out in Condition 9(c). 
3. 
Status and Ranking 
(a) 
The Class A Notes of any Series constitute direct, secured, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. The Class A Notes rank pari passu among 
themselves. The Class A Notes rank senior to the Class B Notes and the Subordinated Loan. 
(b) 
The claims of the holders of the Class A Notes under the Class A Notes are ranked against 
the claims of all other creditors of the Issuer in accordance with the Order of Priority, unless 
mandatory provisions of law provide otherwise. 
4. 
The Issuer 
The Issuer whose Articles of Incorporation are subject to the Luxembourg Securitisation Law is a 
company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Luxembourg and which has been 
founded solely for the purpose of issuing the Notes and raising the Subordinated Loan and 
concluding and executing various agreements in connection with the Issue of the Notes and the 
raising of the Subordinated Loan. 
5. 
Assets of the Issuer for the Purpose of Payments on the Notes and on the Subordinated Loan, 
Provision of Security, Limited Payment Obligation 
(a) 
The Issuer will use the proceeds of the Issue of the Notes and of the Subordinated Loan to 
acquire from VWL during the Revolving Period as determined in the Condition 5(a) pursuant 
to the Receivables Purchase Agreements (i) Purchased Lease Receivables and ancillary 
rights arising from Lease Contracts which VWL has concluded with private individual and 
commercial Lessees and (ii) claims against the insurer pursuant to loss insurance policies

--- Page 154 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
 
covering the respective Leased Vehicles, damage claims arising from a breach of contract 
or in tort against the respective Lessee, in particular claims to lump-sum damages in case 
of default of the respective Lessee as well as any interest due and claims against third parties 
due to damage to or loss of the Leased Vehicles and the right to require VWL to repurchase 
the Purchased Lease Receivables in case of a breach of warranties and (iii) the security title 
to the Leased Vehicles. The Issuer has transferred the security title to the Leased Vehicles 
to the Security Trustee and, in exchange thereof, it has obtained the right to receive a defined 
share of the Distributable Amounts pursuant to clause 18.2(d) of the Trust Agreement, if any. 
The collection and administration of the Purchased Lease Receivables and Lease Collateral, 
to which VWL has reserved itself the right and assumed the duty in the Receivables 
Purchase Agreement, shall be carried out on the basis of the Servicing Agreement between 
the Issuer, VWL (in this capacity, the "Servicer") and the Security Trustee. In addition, 
subject to revocation by the Security Trustee, VWL is entitled and obliged according to the 
provisions of the Trust Agreement to realise the Leased Vehicles on behalf of the Security 
Trustee as necessary. Furthermore, the Issuer has entered into additional agreements in 
connection with the acquisition of the Purchased Lease Receivables and Lease Collateral 
and the Issue of the Notes and the raising of the Subordinated Loan, in particular, the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement with an Affiliate of Volkswagen AG, the Data Protection Trust 
Agreement with the Data Protection Trustee and the Security Trustee, a Corporate Services 
Agreement with the Corporate Services Provider, the Swap Agreement(s) with the Swap 
Counterparty, the Agency Agreement with, inter alia, VWL and the Agents, the Account 
Agreement with, inter alia, the Account Bank and the Custody Agreement with The Bank of 
New York Mellon, London Branch. The agreements and documents referred to in this 
paragraph (1) are collectively referred to as the "Programme Documents" and the creditors 
of the Issuer under these Programme Documents are referred to as "Programme 
Creditors".  
(b) 
The Issuer has transferred or pledged the Purchased Lease Receivables and Lease 
Collateral, the right to receive a defined share of the Distributable Amounts pursuant to 
clause 18.2(d) of the Trust Agreement and all of its claims arising under the Programme 
Documents to the Security Trustee as collateral for its obligations under the Notes and the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement and other obligations specified in the Trust Agreement. As 
to the form and contents of such provision of security, reference is made to the provisions of 
the Trust Agreement. 
(c) 
All payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Subordinated Loan Agreement 
constitute solely obligations to distribute amounts out of the Available Distribution Amount in 
accordance with the applicable Order of Priority as generated, inter alia, by payments to the 
Issuer by the Lessees and by the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement(s), as 
available on the respective Payment Dates according to the Order of Priority of distribution. 
The Class A Notes of any Series shall not give rise to any payment obligation in excess of 
the foregoing and recourse shall be limited accordingly. The Issuer shall hold all moneys 
paid to it pursuant to clause 21 (Distribution Account, Accumulation Account, swap 
provisions) of the Trust Agreement in the Distribution Account. Further, the Issuer will on or 
around the Issue Date establish and thereafter maintain the Cash Collateral Account 
pursuant to clause 23 (Cash Collateral Account, Accumulation Account) of the Trust 
Agreement to provide limited coverage for payments of interest and principal on the Notes 
and certain other amounts. Furthermore, the Issuer shall exercise all of its rights under the 
Programme Documents with the due care of a prudent businessman such that obligations 
under the Class A Notes may, subject always to the provisions of these Conditions of the 
Class A Notes as to the Order of Priority, be performed to the fullest extent possible. To the 
extent that upon the exercise of such rights funds in the Distribution Account and the Cash 
Collateral Account are insufficient to satisfy in full the claims of all Programme Creditors any 
claims of holders of Class A Notes of the respective Series remaining unpaid shall be 
extinguished at the Legal Maturity Date applicable to the respective Series of Class A Notes 
and the Issuer shall have no further obligations thereto and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
neither the holders of the Class A Notes of the respective Series nor the Security Trustee 
shall have any further claims against the Issuer in respect of such claims remaining unpaid 
according to the Order of Priority.

--- Page 155 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
 
(d) 
The enforcement of the payment obligations under the Notes, the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement and the Swap Agreement(s) pursuant to paragraph (c) shall only be effected by 
the Security Trustee for the benefit of all Noteholders, the Swap Counterparty and the 
Subordinated Lender. The Security Trustee is required to foreclose on the Purchased Lease 
Receivables and Lease Collateral in case of a Foreclosure Event, on the conditions and in 
accordance with the terms set forth in clauses 17 (Foreclosure on the Security, Foreclosure 
Event) through 21 (Distribution Account, Accumulation Account, swap provisions) of the 
Trust Agreement. 
(e) 
The other parties to the Programme Documents shall not be liable for the obligations of the 
Issuer. 
(f) 
No shareholder, officer, director, employee or manager of the Issuer or of Volkswagen AG 
or its Affiliates shall incur any personal liability as a result of the performance or non-
performance by the Issuer of its obligations under the Programme Documents. Any recourse 
against such a person is excluded accordingly. 
(g) 
The recourse of the Programme Creditors is limited to the assets allocated to Compartment 
1 of the Issuer. 
6. 
Further Covenants of the Issuer 
(a) 
As long as any of the Notes and/or the Subordinated Loan remains outstanding, the Issuer 
is not entitled, without the prior consent of the Security Trustee, to carry out any activities 
described in clause 38 (Actions requiring consent) of the Trust Agreement. 
(b) 
The counterparties of the Programme Documents are not liable for covenants of the Issuer. 
7. 
Payment Date, Payment Related Information 
The Issuer shall inform the holders of the Class A Notes, not later than on the "Servicer Report 
Performance Date" which is the 5th Business Day prior to each Payment Date by means of the 
publication provided for under Condition 12, with reference to the Payment Date (as described below) 
of such month, as follows: 
(a) 
the repayment of the nominal amount payable on each Series of Class A Notes (if any) and 
the amount of interest calculated and payable on each Series of Class A Notes on the 
succeeding 25th day of such calendar month or, if this is not a Business Day, on the next 
following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (each respectively a "Payment 
Date"); 
(b) 
the nominal amount remaining outstanding on each Series of Class A Notes on each 
respective Payment Date and the amount of interest remaining unpaid, if any, on the Class 
A Notes of each Series as from such Payment Date; 
(c) 
the Notes Factor for each Series of Class A Notes; 
(d) 
the remaining General Cash Collateral Amount; and 
(e) 
in the event of the final Payment Date with respect to a Series of Class A Notes, the fact that 
this is the last Payment Date. 
The Issuer shall make available for inspection by the holders of the Class A Notes, in its offices at 
22-24 boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg and during normal business hours, the documents from 
which the figures reported to the holders of the Class A Notes are calculated. 
8. 
Payments of Interest 
(a) 
Subject to the limitations set forth in Condition 5(c) each outstanding principal amount in 
respect of the Class A Notes shall bear interest from (and including) the Initial Issue Date 
until (but excluding) the day on which the principal amount has been reduced to zero.

--- Page 156 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
 
(b) 
Interest shall be paid in arrear on each Payment Date. The amount of interest payable in 
respect of each Class A Note on any Payment Date shall be calculated by applying the Class 
A Notes Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Accrual Period to the principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes immediately prior to the relevant Payment Date and multiplying the 
result by the actual number of days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period divided by 360 
and rounding the result to the nearest full cent, all as determined by HSBC Bank plc (the 
"Interest Determination Agent", which shall include a substitute or alternative interest 
determination agent). 
(c) 
The interest rate to be used for calculating the amount of interest payable pursuant to 
paragraph (a) shall be the EURIBOR rate for one month Euro deposits plus the relevant 
margin set out in the relevant Final Terms (the "Margin") per annum, subject to a floor of 
zero, (the "Class A Notes Interest Rate"). Such determination shall also apply to the first 
Interest Accrual Period. 
(d) 
Accrued Interest not paid on the Class A Notes on the Payment Date related to the Interest 
Accrual Period in which it accrued will be an "Interest Shortfall" with respect to such Class 
A Note and will constitute a Foreclosure Event, if not paid for a period of five Business Days 
from the relevant Payment Date. 
9. 
Payment obligations, extension of maturities and Agents 
(a) 
On each Payment Date the Issuer shall, subject to Condition 5(c), pay to each holder of a 
Class A Note interest at the Class A Notes Interest Rate on the principal amount of the Class 
A Notes of such Series of Class A Notes outstanding immediately prior to the respective 
Payment Date, and during the amortizing period redeem the principal amount of the Notes 
by applying the amount remaining thereafter in accordance with the Order of Priority. The 
record date shall be the Business Day, by the close of business, preceding the Payment 
Date. 
(b) 
Sums which are to be paid to the holders of the Class A Notes shall be rounded down to the 
next lowest cent amount for each of the Class A Notes. The amount of such rounding down 
to the next cent amount shall be used in the next following Payment Date and the surplus 
carried over to the following Payment Date. The Servicer shall be entitled to any amount 
resulting from rounding differences of less than EUR 500 remaining on the Legal Maturity 
Date (as defined below). 
(c) 
Payments of principal and interest, if any, on the Class A Notes shall be made by the 
Principal Paying Agent on the Issuer's behalf for further payment to Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear or to their order for credit to the relevant account holders of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. All payments in respect of any Class A Note made 
by, or on behalf of, the Issuer to, or to the order of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
shall discharge the liability of the Issuer under such Class A Note to the extent of sums so 
paid.  
(d) 
The first Payment Date for the Class A Notes shall be as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The final payment of the then outstanding principal amount plus interest thereon is 
expected to take place on or before the Payment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the "Scheduled Repayment Date").  
(e) 
Notwithstanding Condition 8(d), all payments of interest on and principal of the Class A Notes 
will be due and payable at the latest in full on the legal maturity date of the Notes, which 
shall be the Payment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Legal Maturity 
Date"). 
(f) 
Provided that the holders of the Class A Notes have received a notice from the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 12 and substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 to these 
Conditions no later than twenty (20) calendar days prior to the final day of the then current 
Revolving Period (the "Series Revolving Period Expiration Date"), all of the holders of the 
Class A Notes, acting collectively, shall have the right, by written notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Security Trustee and the Issuer in the form of Schedule 2 to these

--- Page 157 ---
- 157 - 
 
 
 
Conditions to be received not later than ten (10) calendar days immediately preceding the 
then amended Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, to request:  
(i) 
the extension of the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date for a period specified in 
the relevant notice, 
(ii) 
an amendment to the Margin, and 
(iii) 
the extension of the Legal Maturity Date for a period to be specified in the relevant 
notice, which shall be equal to the period specified in such notice for the extension of 
the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date. 
(g) 
Any amendments so requested shall become effective only if (A) the Issuer has received 
confirmation from the Rating Agencies that the rating of the Class A Notes will not be affected 
by such amendments, or the Rating Agencies have confirmed that the assignment of new 
ratings are not lower than the rating for the then outstanding Class A Notes before the Series 
Revolving Period Expiration Date was extended, or, as applicable, the Issuer has received 
a new rating confirmation stating the same rating for the Class A Notes as applicable prior 
to the amendments and (B) a Positive Buffer Release Amount exists and (C) by no later than 
the third (3rd) Business Day prior to the then current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, 
the Issuer has confirmed by notice to the holders in the form prescribed by Condition 12 that 
it has received such confirmation and that it agrees to the requested amendments and (D) 
that the Issuer had arranged sufficient interest hedging for the current Series Revolving 
Period Expiration Date. 
(h) 
The Issuer shall procure that the amendments that have become effective in accordance 
with these provisions will be notified to the Principal Paying Agent for further communication 
to the Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg immediately after 
the notice from the holders of the relevant Series of Class A Notes has been given.  
(i) 
Payments of interest and principal shall be made from the Issuer’s accounts with The Bank 
of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch (the "Account Bank") by the Issuer to the Principal 
Paying Agent (which shall include a substitute or alternative paying agent), for on-payment 
to Clearstream Luxembourg and/or Euroclear or to their order for credit to the accounts of 
the relevant account holders of Clearstream Luxembourg or, as applicable Euroclear without 
having to execute an affidavit or fulfil any formalities other than the compliance with tax, 
currency exchange or other regulations of the country where the payment takes place. The 
Issuer is entitled to transfer paid-in amounts to the Account Bank prior to the Payment Date 
and leave with the Account Bank any amounts not claimed by the Noteholders upon maturity.  
(j) 
In their capacity as such, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Registrar 
and the Interest Determination Agent, respectively, shall act solely as agents of the Issuer 
and shall not maintain an agency or trust relationship with the holders of the Class A Notes. 
The Issuer may appoint a new principal paying agent, calculation agent, registrar and/or an 
interest determination agent, or if there are grounds to do so, appoint an alternative principal 
paying agent, calculation agent, registrar and/or an alternative interest determination agent 
and revoke the appointment of the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Registrar and/or the Interest Determination Agent as provided for in clause 18 (Realisation 
of the Lease Vehicles and allocation of payments) of the Trust Agreement. Appointments 
and revocations thereof shall be announced pursuant to Condition 12. The Issuer will ensure 
that during the term of the Class A Notes and as long as the Class A Notes are listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange a paying agent, an interest determination 
agent and a calculation agent will be appointed at all times and will be released from the 
restrictions of section 181 of the German Civil Code. 
10. 
Taxes 
Payments shall only be made after the deduction and withholding of current or future taxes, levies or 
government charges, regardless of their nature, which are imposed, raised or collected ("taxes") on 
the basis of the applicable laws of, or for the account of, an authority or government agency 
authorised to levy taxes or of any country which claims fiscal jurisdiction, to the extent that such a

--- Page 158 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
 
collection is prescribed by applicable law. The Issuer shall render an account of the deducted or 
withheld taxes accruing to the competent government agencies and shall, upon a Noteholder’s 
request, provide proof thereof. It is not obliged to pay any additional amounts as a result of the 
deduction or withholding. 
11. 
Replacement of Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer is at any time entitled to appoint another company (the "New Issuer") in place of 
the Issuer as debtor for all obligations arising from and in connection with the Class A Notes 
insofar as (i) the New Issuer assumes all rights and duties of the Issuer under or pursuant 
to the Class A Notes, the class B Notes, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Receivables 
Purchase Agreements, the Trust Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Corporate 
Services Agreement, the Data Protection Trust Agreement, the Account Agreement, the 
Swap Agreements and the Agency Agreement by means of an agreement with the Issuer; 
provided further, the Security is, upon the Issuer’s replacement, to be held by the Security 
Trustee for the purpose of securing the obligations of the New Issuer, (ii) the holders of the 
Notes and the Subordinated Lender confirm that no further expenses or legal disadvantages 
of any kind arise for any of them from such an assumption of debt and this fact has been 
established in legal opinions which can be examined at the premises of the Principal Paying 
Agent, (iii) the New Issuer provides proof that it has obtained all of the necessary 
governmental approvals in the country in which it has its corporate seat and that it may fulfil 
all of the duties arising out of or in connection with the Trust Agreement without 
discrimination against the holders of the Notes or the Subordinated Lender of the 
Subordinated Loan as a whole, (iv) the Issuer and the New Issuer conclude such agreements 
and execute such documents which the Security Trustee considers necessary for the 
effectiveness of the replacement and (v) the replacement will not adversely affect the validity 
and enforceability of the Security. The Issuer will notify the Rating Agencies on the 
replacement of the Issuer. Upon fulfilment of the aforementioned conditions the New Issuer 
shall in every respect replace the Issuer, and the Issuer shall be released from all obligations 
relating to the function of an issuer vis-à-vis the holders of the Class A Notes under or in 
connection with the Class A Notes and the Subordinated Loan under or in connection with 
the Subordinated Loan. 
(b) 
Such replacement of the Issuer must be published in accordance with Condition 12. 
(c) 
In the event of such replacement of the Issuer, each reference to the Issuer in these 
Conditions of the Class A Notes shall be deemed to be a reference to the New Issuer. 
12. 
Notices 
All notices to the Noteholders regarding the Notes shall be (i) published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) as long as the Notes are listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require and (ii) be delivered to 
the applicable clearing systems for communication by them to the Noteholders. Any notice referred 
to under (ii) above shall be deemed to have been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after 
the day on which the said notice was delivered to the respective clearing system. Any notice referred 
to under (i) above shall be deemed to have been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after 
the day on which the said notice was published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). 
13. 
Miscellaneous 
(a) 
The form and content of the Class A Notes and all of the rights and obligations of the holders 
of the Class A Notes, the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and the Servicer 
under these Class A Notes shall be subject in all respects to the laws of Germany. The 
Conditions of any Series of the Class A Notes may only be modified through contractual 
agreement to be concluded between the Issuer and all holders of Class A Notes with a prior 
notification to the Rating Agencies as provided for in section 4 of the German Debenture Act 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz - SchVG)) or by a Noteholder’s resolution adopted with

--- Page 159 ---
- 159 - 
 
 
 
unanimous consent of the holders of the Class A Notes pursuant to sections 5 to 22 of the 
aforementioned act. 
(b) 
Should any of the provisions hereof be or become invalid in whole or in part, the other 
provisions shall remain in force.  
(c) 
The place of performance and venue is Frankfurt am Main. The German courts have 
jurisdiction for the annulment of the Global Note in the event of loss or destruction. 
(d) 
For any legal proceedings brought in connection with these Conditions which have been 
initiated against the Issuer in a court of Germany, the Issuer grants Intertrust (Deutschland) 
GmbH, Eschersheimer Landstraße 14, 60322  Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of 
Germany the authority to accept service of process. The Issuer undertakes to maintain an 
agent for accepting such service in the Federal Republic of Germany as long as any of the 
Class A Notes are outstanding. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above and subject to giving ten (10) Business Days prior 
notice to the Noteholders and the Rating Agencies in writing, including by email, the Issuer 
will be entitled to amend any term or provision of the Conditions (except for the ranking of 
the Class A Notes, any security securing the Class A Notes, the Legal Maturity Date, the 
Scheduled Repayment Date, the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, any Payment 
Date, the Class A Notes Interest Rate or the amount of payments of any principal), with the 
consent of the Security Trustee, but without the consent of any Noteholder, any Swap 
Counterparty, the Subordinated Lender, the Arranger, the Lead Manager or any other 
Person if it is advised by a third party authorised under Article 28 of the Securitisation 
Regulation or a reputable international law firm that such amendments are required for the 
Programme to comply with the Securitisation Regulation including the requirements for 
simple, transparent and standardised securitisations set out therein and in any regulatory 
technical standards adopted under the Securitisation Regulation.

--- Page 160 ---
- 160 - 
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 1 TO THE CLASS A NOTES 
FORM OF NOTICE TO BE DELIVERED BY THE ISSUER TO THE HOLDERS OF THE CLASS A NOTES IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
CONDITION 9(F) 
Notice to the holders of the Class A Series 20xx-y Notes, issued by VCL Master S.A. acting for and on 
behalf of its Compartment 1 (the "Class A Notes"), to be given twenty (20) calendar days prior to the 
expiration of the Expiration Date 
Terms not defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the terms and conditions of the Class A 
Notes. 
Notice is hereby given to the holders of the Class A Notes that they shall have the right exercisable by written 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent, the Security Trustee and the Issuer to be received not later than on the 
tenth (10th) calendar day immediately preceding the then current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, to 
request 
(i) 
the extension of the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date for a period to be specified in the 
relevant notice; 
(ii) 
an amendment to the Margin; and 
(iii) 
the extension of the Legal Maturity Date for a period to be specified in the relevant notice, which shall 
be equal to the period specified in such notice for the extension of the Series Revolving Period 
Expiration Date. 
Luxembourg, [date] 
VCL Master S.A. acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 1

--- Page 161 ---
- 161 - 
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 2 TO THE CLASS A NOTES 
FORM OF NOTICE TO BE DELIVERED BY THE HOLDERS OF THE CLASS A NOTES TO THE PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, 
THE SECURITY TRUSTEE AND THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CONDITION 9(F) 
From: 
[Name, address, phone number and fax number of relevant holder] 
To: 
[Issuer] 
[Principal Paying Agent] 
[Security Trustee] 
Class A Notes, issued by VCL Master S.A. acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 1 (the "Notes") 
Dear Sirs, 
Terms not defined in herein shall have the meaning given to them in the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
Reference is made to Condition 9(f) of the terms and conditions of the above mentioned Class A Notes and 
the notice published on [date]. 
We hereby request 
(i) 
the extension of the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date for a period of one year so that the 
extended Series Revolving Period Expiration Date shall be [to be inserted], 
(ii) 
[to be inserted] as amended Margin with effect from (and including) the Payment Date falling in [to 
be inserted], and 
(iii) 
the extension of the Legal Maturity Date for a period equal to the period specified under (i) above so 
that the extended Legal Maturity Date shall be [to be inserted]. 
We hereby represent and warrant that as of the date of this notice  
(i) 
we hold [⚫] per cent. of the Notes outstanding on the date of this notice; and 
(ii) 
we will not sell or transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the Notes prior to the 25th Business Day 
after the date of this notice. 
We hereby acknowledge that the amendments requested above shall become effective only if (A) the Issuer 
has received confirmation from the Rating Agencies that the rating of the Class A Notes will not be affected 
by such amendments and (B) by no later than the third (3rd) Business Day prior to the then current Series 
Revolving Period Expiration Date, the Issuer has confirmed by notice to us (as holders of the Class A Notes) 
in the form prescribed in Condition 12 that it has received such reaffirmation and that it agrees to the requested 
amendments. 
Kind regards, 
[name and signatures of holder]

--- Page 162 ---
- 162 - 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CLASS B NOTES 
The terms and conditions of the Class B Notes (the "Conditions") are set out below. Annex A to the 
Conditions sets out the "TRUST AGREEMENT", Annex B to the Conditions sets out the "MASTER 
DEFINITIONS SCHEDULE". In case of any overlap or inconsistency in the definition of a term or expression 
in the Conditions and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, the definition contained in the Conditions will prevail. 
For Annex A referred to under the Conditions of the Notes see "TRUST AGREEMENT". 
1. 
Form and Nominal Amount of the Notes 
(a) 
The issue by VCL Master S.A., acting with respect to its Compartment 1 (the "Issuer") in an 
aggregate nominal amount of up to EUR 4,000,000,000 is divided into up to 
40,000 Class B Notes in registered global note form 
(the "Class B Notes") 
each having a nominal amount of EUR 100,000 (the "Nominal Amount"). 
(b) 
Each Series of Class B Notes is issued in registered form and represented by a global note 
(each a "Global Note") without coupons attached. Each Global Note representing a Series 
of Class B Notes shall be deposited with a common depositary for Clearstream Luxembourg 
and Euroclear and thereafter, the Global Note will be held in book-entry form only. Each 
Global Note representing a Series of Class B Notes will bear the personal signatures of two 
duly authorised directors of VCL Master S.A. and will be authenticated by one or more 
employees or attorneys of HSBC Bank plc (the "Registrar"). 
(c) 
The Issuer will cause to be kept at the specified office of the Registrar a register (the 
"Register") on which will be entered the name and address of the Registered Holder (as 
defined below) and the particulars of such Series of Class B Notes held by them and all 
transfers and payments (of interest and principal) of such Series of Class B Notes. The rights 
of the Registered Holder (as defined below) evidenced by a Global Note and title to each 
Series of Class B Notes itself pass by assignment and registration in the Register. Each 
Global Note representing a Series of Class B Notes will be issued in the name of a nominee 
of the common depositary for Clearstream Luxembourg and Euroclear (the "Registered 
Holder"). The Registered Holder will be registered as Noteholder in the Register. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding Condition 1(c), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream 
Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
Luxembourg, as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Series of Class B Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream 
Luxembourg, as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any person shall 
be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated 
by the Issuer and any paying agent as the holder of such nominal amount of a Series of 
Class B Notes for all purposes (and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
(e) 
Notwithstanding Condition 1(c), interests in each Series of Class B Notes are transferable 
only according to applicable rules and regulations of Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear, as the case may be. None of the Notes will be exchangeable for definitive notes. 
(f) 
In addition to the Class B Notes the Issuer has issued Class A floating rate notes (the "Class 
A Notes" and together with the Class B Notes, the "Notes"), which rank senior to the Class 
B Notes with respect to payment of interest and principal as described in the Order of Priority. 
On the Closing Date the Issuer has borrowed the Subordinated Loan from the Subordinated 
Lender and on each Further Issue Date the Subordinated Loan Increase Amount, which rank 
junior to the Notes with respect to payment of interest and principal as described in the Order 
of Priority. 
(g) 
The Notes are subject to the provisions of the Trust Agreement between, inter alia, the 
Issuer, the Security Trustee, the Expectancy Rights Trustee and VWL. The provisions of the 
Trust Agreement are set out in Annex A. Annex A constitutes part of these Conditions.

--- Page 163 ---
- 163 - 
 
 
 
2. 
Series 
(a) 
Series of Class B Notes: 
On a given Issue Date falling within the Revolving Period, all Class B Notes issued on that 
date will constitute one or several Series of Class B Notes, which shall be identified by means 
of: 
(i) 
a four digit number representing the year on which the Series was issued, in the following 
format: Series "20xx", followed by:  
(ii) 
the number of such Series in respect of the relevant year, in the following format "y". 
(iii) 
in the following format: Series 20xx-y. 
(b) 
General principles relating to the Series of Class B Notes: 
The Class B Notes of different Series shall not be fungible among themselves. 
All Class B Notes issued within the same Series shall be fungible among themselves in 
accordance with and subject to the following provisions: 
(i) 
the Class B Series 20xx-y Notes of the same Series shall all bear the same interest rate in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 8; 
(ii) 
the interest rate payable under the Class B Series 20xx-y Notes of a given Series shall be 
paid on the same Payment Dates; and 
(iii) 
the 20xx-y Notes in respect of a given Series shall have the same Scheduled Repayment 
Date and the same Legal Maturity Date as set out in Condition 9(c). 
3. 
Status and Ranking 
(a) 
The Class B Notes of any Series constitute direct, secured and unconditional obligations of 
the Issuer. The Class B Notes rank pari passu among themselves. The Class B Notes rank 
junior to the Class A Notes and senior to the Subordinated Loan. 
(b) 
The claims of the holders of the Class B Notes under the Class B Notes are ranked against 
the claims of all other creditors of the Issuer in accordance with the Order of Priority, unless 
mandatory provisions of law provide otherwise. 
4. 
The Issuer 
The Issuer whose Articles of Incorporation are subject to the Luxembourg Securitisation Law is a 
company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Luxembourg and which has been 
founded solely for the purpose of issuing the Notes and raising the Subordinated Loan and 
concluding and executing various agreements in connection with the Issue of the Notes and the 
raising of the Subordinated Loan. 
5. 
Assets of the Issuer for the Purpose of Payments on the Notes and on the Subordinated Loan, 
Provision of Security, Limited Payment Obligation 
(a) 
The Issuer will use the proceeds of the Issue of the Notes and of the Subordinated Loan to 
acquire from VWL during the Revolving Period as determined in the Condition 5(a) pursuant 
to the Receivables Purchase Agreements (i) Purchased Lease Receivables and ancillary 
rights arising from Lease Contracts which VWL has concluded with private individual and 
commercial Lessees and (ii) claims against the insurer pursuant to loss insurance policies 
covering the respective Leased Vehicles, damage claims arising from a breach of contract 
or in tort against the  respective Lessee, in particular claims to lump-sum damages in case 
of default of the respective Lessee as well as any interest due and claims against third parties 
due to damage to or loss of the Leased Vehicles and the right to require VWL to repurchase 
the Purchased Lease Receivables in case of a breach of warranties and (iii) the security title

--- Page 164 ---
- 164 - 
 
 
 
to the Leased Vehicles. The Issuer has transferred the security title to the Leased Vehicles 
to the Security Trustee and, in exchange thereof, it has obtained the right to receive a defined 
share of the Distributable Amounts pursuant to clause 18.2(d) of the Trust Agreement, if any. 
The collection and administration of the Purchased Lease Receivables and Lease Collateral, 
to which VWL has reserved itself the right and assumed the duty in the Receivables 
Purchase Agreement, shall be carried out on the basis of the Servicing Agreement between 
the Issuer, VWL (in this capacity, the "Servicer") and the Security Trustee. In addition, 
subject to revocation by the Security Trustee, VWL is entitled and obligated according to the 
provisions of the Trust Agreement to realise the Leased Vehicles on behalf of the Security 
Trustee as necessary. Furthermore, the Issuer has entered into additional agreements in 
connection with the acquisition of the Purchased Lease Receivables and Lease Collateral 
and the Issue of the Notes and the raising of the Subordinated Loan, in particular, the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement with an Affiliate of Volkswagen AG, the Data Protection Trust 
Agreement with the Data Protection Trustee and the Security Trustee, a Corporate Services 
Agreement with the Corporate Services Provider, the Swap Agreement(s) with the Swap 
Counterparty, the Agency Agreement with, inter alia, VWL and the Agents, the Account 
Agreement with, inter alia, the Account Bank, and the Custody Agreement with The Bank of 
New York Mellon, London Branch. The agreements and documents referred to in this 
paragraph (1) are collectively referred to as the "Programme Documents" and the creditors 
of the Issuer under these Programme Documents are referred to as "Programme 
Creditors".  
(b) 
The Issuer has transferred or pledged the Purchased Lease Receivables and Lease 
Collateral, the right to receive a defined share of the Distributable Amounts pursuant to 
clause 18.2(d) of the Trust Agreement and all of its claims arising under the Programme 
Documents to the Security Trustee as collateral for its obligations under the Notes and the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement and other obligations specified in the Trust Agreement. As 
to the form and contents of such provision of security, reference is made to the provisions of 
the Trust Agreement. 
(c) 
All payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Subordinated Loan Agreement 
constitute solely obligations to distribute amounts out of the Available Distribution Amount in 
accordance with the applicable Order of Priority as generated, inter alia, by payments to the 
Issuer by the Lessees and by the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement(s), as 
available on the respective Payment Dates according to the Order of Priority of distribution. 
The Class B Notes of any Series shall not give rise to any payment obligation in excess of 
the foregoing and recourse shall be limited accordingly. The Issuer shall hold all moneys 
paid to it pursuant to clause 21 (Distribution Account, Accumulation Account, swap 
provisions) of the Trust Agreement in the Distribution Account. Further, the Issuer will on or 
around the Issue Date establish and thereafter maintain the Cash Collateral Account 
pursuant to clause 23 (Cash Collateral Account, Accumulation Account) of the Trust 
Agreement to provide limited coverage for payments of interest and principal on the Notes 
and certain other amounts. Furthermore, the Issuer shall exercise all of its rights under the 
Programme Documents with the due care of a prudent businessman such that obligations 
under the Class B Notes may, subject always to the provisions of these Conditions of the 
Class B Notes as to the Order of Priority, be performed to the fullest extent possible. To the 
extent that upon the exercise of such rights funds in the Distribution Account and the Cash 
Collateral Account are insufficient to satisfy in full the claims of all Programme Creditors any 
claims of holders of Class B Notes of the respective Series remaining unpaid shall be 
extinguished at the Legal Maturity Date applicable to the respective Series of Class B Notes 
and the Issuer shall have no further obligations thereto and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
neither the holders of the Class B Notes of the respective Series nor the Security Trustee 
shall have any further claims against the Issuer in respect of such claims remaining unpaid 
according to the Order of Priority. 
(d) 
The enforcement of the payment obligations under the Notes, the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement and the Swap Agreement(s) pursuant to paragraph 5(c) shall only be effected by 
the Security Trustee for the benefit of all Noteholders, the Swap Counterparty and the 
Subordinated Lender. The Security Trustee is required to foreclose on the Purchased Lease 
Receivables and Lease Collateral in case of a Foreclosure Event, on the conditions and in

--- Page 165 ---
- 165 - 
 
 
 
accordance with the terms set forth in clauses 17 (Foreclosure on the Security, Foreclosure 
Event) through 21 (Distribution Account, Accumulation Account, swap provisions) of the 
Trust Agreement. 
(e) 
The other parties to the Programme Documents shall not be liable for the obligations of the 
Issuer. 
(f) 
No shareholder, officer, director, employee or manager of the Issuer or of Volkswagen AG 
or its Affiliates shall incur any personal liability as a result of the performance or non-
performance by the Issuer of its obligations under the Programme Documents. Any recourse 
against such a person is excluded accordingly. 
(g) 
The recourse of the Programme Creditors is limited to the assets allocated to Compartment 
1 of the Issuer.  
6. 
Further Covenants of the Issuer 
(a) 
As long as any of the Notes and/or the Subordinated Loan remains outstanding, the Issuer 
is not entitled, without the prior consent of the Security Trustee, to carry out any activities 
described in clause 38 (Actions requiring consent) of the Trust Agreement. 
(b) 
The counterparties of the Programme Documents are not liable for covenants of the Issuer. 
7. 
Payment Date, Payment Related Information 
The Issuer shall inform the holders of the Class B Notes, not later than the "Servicer Report 
Performance Date" which is the 5th Business Day prior to each Payment Date by means of the 
publication provided for under Condition 12, with reference to the Payment Date (as described below) 
of such month, as follows: 
(a) 
the repayment of the nominal amount payable on each Series of the Class B Notes (if any) 
and the amount of interest calculated and payable on each Series of Class B Notes on the 
succeeding 25th day of such calendar month or, if such date is not a Business Day, on the 
next following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case 
the date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day (each respectively a "Payment 
Date"); 
(b) 
the nominal amount remaining outstanding on each Series of Class B Notes on each 
respective Payment Date and the amount of interest remaining unpaid, if any, on the Class 
B Notes of each Series as from such Payment Date; 
(c) 
the Notes Factor for each Series of Class B Notes; 
(d) 
the remaining General Cash Collateral Amount; and 
(e) 
in the event of the final Payment Date with respect to a Series of Class B Notes, the fact that 
this is the last Payment Date. 
The Issuer shall make available for inspection by the holders of the Class B Notes, in its offices at 
22-24 boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg and during normal business hours, the documents from 
which the figures reported to the holders of the Class B Notes are calculated. 
8. 
Payments of Interest 
(a) 
Subject to the limitations set forth in Condition 5(c) each outstanding principal amount in 
respect of the Class B Notes shall bear interest from (and including) the Initial Issue Date 
until (but excluding) the day on which the principal amount has been reduced to zero. 
(b) 
Interest shall be paid in arrear on each Payment Date. The amount of interest payable in 
respect of each Class B Note on any Payment Date shall be calculated by applying the Class 
B Notes Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Accrual Period to the principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes immediately prior to the relevant Payment Date and multiplying the

--- Page 166 ---
- 166 - 
 
 
 
result by the actual number of days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period divided by 360 
and rounding the result to the nearest full cent, all as determined by HSBC Bank plc (the 
"Interest Determination Agent", which shall include a substitute or alternative interest 
determination agent). 
(c) 
The interest rate to be used for calculating the amount of interest payable pursuant to 
paragraph (a) shall be the EURIBOR rate for one month Euro deposits plus the relevant 
margin set out in the relevant Final Terms (the "Margin") per annum, subject to a floor of 
zero, (the "Class B Notes Interest Rate"). Such determination shall also apply to the first 
Interest Accrual Period.  
(d) 
Accrued Interest not paid on the Class B Notes on the Payment Date related to the Interest 
Accrual Period in which it accrued will not be an "Interest Shortfall" with respect to the Class 
B Notes and will be carried over to the next Payment Date. 
9. 
Payment obligations, extension of maturities and Agents 
(a) 
On each Payment Date the Issuer shall, subject to Condition 5(c), pay to each holder of a 
Class B Note interest at the Class B Notes Interest Rate on the principal amount of the Class 
B Notes of such Series of Class B Notes outstanding immediately prior to the respective 
Payment Date, and during the amortizing period redeem the principal amount of the Notes 
by applying the amount remaining thereafter in accordance with the Order of Priority. The 
record date shall be the Business Day, by the close of business, preceding the Payment 
Date. 
(b) 
Sums which are to be paid to the holders of the Class B Notes shall be rounded down to the 
next lowest cent amount for each of the Class B Notes. The amount of such rounding down 
to the next cent amount shall be used in the next following Payment Date and the surplus 
carried over to the following Payment Date. The Servicer shall be entitled to any amount 
resulting from rounding differences of less than EUR 500 remaining on the Legal Maturity 
Date (as defined below). 
(c) 
Payments of principal and interest, if any, on the Class B Notes shall be made by the 
Principal Paying Agent on the Issuer’s behalf for further payment to Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear or to their order for credit to the relevant account holders of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. All payments in respect of any Class B Note made 
by, or on behalf of, the Issuer to, or to the order of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
shall discharge the liability of the Issuer under such Class B Note to the extent of sums so 
paid.  
(d) 
The first Payment Date for the Class B Notes shall be as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The final payment of the then outstanding principal amount plus interest thereon is 
expected to take place on or before the Payment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the "Scheduled Repayment Date").  
(e) 
Notwithstanding Condition 8(d), all payments of interest on and principal of the Class B Notes 
will be due and payable at the latest in full on the legal maturity date of the Notes, which 
shall be the Payment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Legal Maturity 
Date"). 
(f) 
Provided that the holders of the Class B Notes have received a notice from the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 12 and substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 to these 
Conditions no later than twenty (20) calendar days prior to the final day of the then current 
Revolving Period (the "Series Revolving Period Expiration Date"), all of the holders of the 
Class B Notes, acting collectively, shall have the right, by written notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Security Trustee and the Issuer in the form of Schedule 2 to these 
Conditions to be received not later than ten (10) calendar days immediately preceding the 
then amended Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, to request:  
(i) 
the extension of the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date for a period specified in 
the relevant notice,

--- Page 167 ---
- 167 - 
 
 
 
(ii) 
an amendment to the Margin, and 
(iii) 
the extension of the Legal Maturity Date for a period to be specified in the relevant 
notice, which shall be equal to the period specified in such notice for the extension of 
the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date. 
(g) 
Any amendments so requested shall become effective only if (A) the Issuer has received 
confirmation from the Rating Agencies that the rating of the Class B Notes will not be affected 
by such amendments, or  the Rating Agencies have confirmed that the assignment of new 
ratings are not lower than the rating for the then outstanding Class B Notes before the Series 
Revolving Period Expiration Date was extended, or, as applicable, the Issuer has received 
a new rating confirmation stating the same rating for the Class B Notes as applicable prior 
to the amendments and (B) a Positive Buffer Release Amount exists and (C) by no later than 
the third (3rd) Business Day prior to the then current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, 
the Issuer has confirmed by notice to the holders in the form prescribed by Condition 12 that 
it has received such confirmation and that it agrees to the requested amendments and (D) 
that the Issuer had arranged sufficient interest hedging for the current Series Revolving 
Period Expiration Date. 
(h) 
The Issuer shall procure that the amendments that have become effective in accordance 
with these provisions will be notified to the Principal Paying Agent for further communication 
to the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg immediately after the 
notice from the holders of the relevant Series of Class B Notes has been given.  
(i) 
Payments of interest and principal shall be made from the Issuer’s accounts with The Bank 
of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch (the "Account Bank") by the Issuer to the Principal 
Paying Agent (which shall include a substitute or alternative paying agent), for on-payment 
to Clearstream Luxembourg and/or Euroclear or to their order for credit to the accounts of 
the relevant account holders of Clearstream Luxembourg or, as applicable Euroclear without 
having to execute an affidavit or fulfil any formalities other than the compliance with tax, 
currency exchange or other regulations of the country where the payment takes place. The 
Issuer is entitled to transfer paid-in amounts to the Account Bank prior to the Payment Date 
and leave with the Account Bank any amounts not claimed by the Noteholders upon maturity.  
(j) 
In their capacity as such, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Registrar 
and the Interest Determination Agent, respectively, shall act solely as agents of the Issuer 
and shall not maintain an agency or trust relationship with the holders of the Class B Notes. 
The Issuer may appoint a new principal paying agent, calculation agent, registrar and/or an 
interest determination agent, or if there are grounds to do so, appoint an alternative principal 
paying agent, calculation agent and/or an alternative interest determination agent and 
revoke the appointment of the Principal Paying Agent, Registrar and/or the Interest 
Determination Agent as provided for in clause 18 (Realisation of the Lease Vehicles and 
allocation of payments) of the Trust Agreement. Appointments and revocations thereof shall 
be announced pursuant to Condition 12. The Issuer will ensure that during the term of the 
Class B Notes and as long as the Class B Notes are listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange a paying agent, an interest determination agent and a 
calculation agent will be appointed at all times and will be released from the restrictions of 
section 181 of the German Civil Code. 
10. 
Taxes 
Payments shall only be made after the deduction and withholding of current or future taxes, levies or 
government charges, regardless of their nature, which are imposed, raised or collected ("taxes") on 
the basis of the applicable laws of, or for the account of, an authority or government agency 
authorised to levy taxes or of any country which claims fiscal jurisdiction, to the extent that such a 
collection is prescribed by applicable law. The Issuer shall render an account of the deducted or 
withheld taxes accruing to the competent government agencies and shall, upon a Noteholder’s 
request, provide proof thereof. It is not obliged to pay any additional amounts as a result of the 
deduction or withholding.

--- Page 168 ---
- 168 - 
 
 
 
11. 
Replacement of Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer is at any time entitled to appoint another company (the "New Issuer") in place of 
the Issuer as debtor for all obligations arising from and in connection with the Class B Notes 
insofar as (i) the New Issuer assumes all rights and duties of the Issuer under or pursuant 
to the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Receivables 
Purchase Agreements, the Trust Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Corporate 
Services Agreement, the Data Protection Trust Agreement, the Account Agreement, the 
Swap Agreements and the Agency Agreement by means of an agreement with the Issuer; 
provided further, the Security is, upon the Issuer’s replacement, to be held by the Security 
Trustee for the purpose of securing the obligations of the New Issuer, (ii) the holders of the 
Notes and the Subordinated Lender confirm that no further expenses or legal disadvantages 
of any kind arise for any of them from such an assumption of debt and this fact has been 
established in legal opinions which can be examined at the premises of the Principal Paying 
Agent, (iii) the New Issuer provides proof that it has obtained all of the necessary 
governmental approvals in the country in which it has its corporate seat and that it may fulfil 
all of the duties arising out of or in connection with the Trust Agreement without 
discrimination against the holders of the Notes or the Subordinated Lender of the 
Subordinated Loan as a whole, (iv) the Issuer and the New Issuer conclude such agreements 
and execute such documents which the Security Trustee considers necessary for the 
effectiveness of the replacement and (v) the replacement will not adversely affect the validity 
and enforceability of the Security. The Issuer will notify the Rating Agencies on the 
replacement of the Issuer. Upon fulfilment of the aforementioned conditions the New Issuer 
shall in every respect replace the Issuer, and the Issuer shall be released from all obligations 
relating to the function of an issuer vis-à-vis the holders of the Class B Notes under or in 
connection with the Class B Notes and the Subordinated Lender under or in connection with 
the Subordinated Loan. 
(b) 
Such replacement of the Issuer must be published in accordance with Condition 12. 
(c) 
In the event of such replacement of the Issuer, each reference to the Issuer in these 
Conditions of the Class B Notes shall be deemed to be a reference to the New Issuer. 
12. 
Notices 
All notices to the Noteholders regarding the Notes shall be (i) published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) as long as the Notes are listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require and (ii) be delivered to 
the applicable clearing systems for communication by them to the Noteholders. Any notice referred 
to under (ii) above shall be deemed to have been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after 
the day on which the said notice was delivered to the respective clearing system. Any notice referred 
to under (i) above shall be deemed to have been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after 
the day on which the said notice was published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). 
13. 
Miscellaneous 
(a) 
The form and content of the Class B Notes and all of the rights and obligations of the holders 
of the Class B Notes, the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and the Servicer 
under these Class B Notes shall be subject in all respects to the laws of Germany. The 
Conditions of any Series of the Class B Notes may only be modified through contractual 
agreement to be concluded between the Issuer and all holders of Class B Notes with a prior 
notification to the Rating Agencies as provided for in section 4 of the German Debenture Act 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz - SchVG)) or by a Noteholder’s resolution adopted with 
unanimous consent of the holders of the Class B Notes pursuant to sections 5 to 22 of the 
aforementioned act. 
(b) 
Should any of the provisions hereof be or become invalid in whole or in part, the other 
provisions shall remain in force.

--- Page 169 ---
- 169 - 
 
 
 
(c) 
The place of performance and venue is Frankfurt am Main. The German courts have 
jurisdiction for the annulment of the Global Note in the event of loss or destruction. 
(d) 
For any legal proceedings brought in connection with these Conditions which have been 
initiated against the Issuer in a court of Germany, the Issuer grants Intertrust (Deutschland) 
GmbH, Eschersheimer Landstraße 14, 60322 Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of 
Germany the authority to accept service of process. The Issuer undertakes to maintain an 
agent for accepting such service in the Federal Republic of Germany as long as any of the 
Class B Notes are outstanding. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above and subject to giving ten (10) Business Days prior 
notice to the Noteholders and the Rating Agencies in writing, including by email, the Issuer 
will be entitled to amend any term or provision of the Conditions (except for the ranking of 
the Class B Notes, any security securing the Class B Notes, the Legal Maturity Date, the 
Scheduled Repayment Date, the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, any Payment 
Date, the Class B Notes Interest Rate or the amount of payments of any principal), with the 
consent of the Security Trustee, but without the consent of any Noteholder, any Swap 
Counterparty, the Subordinated Lender, the Arranger, the Lead Manager or any other 
Person if it is advised by a third party authorised under Article 28 of the Securitisation 
Regulation or a reputable international law firm that such amendments are required for the 
Programme to comply with the Securitisation Regulation including the requirements for 
simple, transparent and standardised securitisations set out therein and in any regulatory 
technical standards adopted under the Securitisation Regulation.

--- Page 170 ---
- 170 - 
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 1 TO THE CLASS B NOTES 
FORM OF NOTICE TO BE DELIVERED BY THE ISSUER TO THE HOLDERS OF THE CLASS B NOTES IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
CONDITION 9(F) 
Notice to the holders of the Class B Notes, issued by VCL Master S.A. acting for and on behalf of its 
Compartment 1 (the "Class B Notes"), to be given twenty (20) calendar days prior to the expiration of 
the Expiration Date 
Terms not defined herein  have the meanings given to them in the terms and conditions of the Class B Notes. 
Notice is hereby given to the holders of the Class B Notes that they shall have the right exercisable by written 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent, the Security Trustee and the Issuer to be received not later than on the 
tenth (10th) calendar day immediately preceding then current Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, to 
request 
(i) 
the extension of the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date for a period to be specified in the 
relevant notice; 
(ii) 
an amendment to the Margin; and 
(iii) 
the extension of the Legal Maturity Date for a period to be specified in the relevant notice, which shall 
be equal to the period specified in such notice for the extension of the Series Revolving Period 
Expiration Date. 
Luxembourg, [date] 
VCL Master S.A. acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 1

--- Page 171 ---
- 171 - 
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 2 TO THE CLASS B NOTES 
FORM OF NOTICE TO BE DELIVERED BY THE HOLDERS OF THE CLASS B NOTES TO THE PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, 
THE SECURITY TRUSTEE AND THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CONDITION 9(F) 
From: 
[Name, address, phone number and fax number of relevant holder] 
To: 
[Issuer] 
[Principal Paying Agent] 
[Security Trustee] 
Class B Notes, issued by VCL Master S.A. acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 1 (the "Notes") 
Dear Sirs, 
Terms not defined in herein  have the meanings given to them in the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
Reference is made to Condition 9(f) of the terms and conditions of the above mentioned Class B Notes and 
the notice published on [date]. 
We hereby request 
(i) 
the extension of the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date for a period of one year so that the 
extended Series Revolving Period Expiration Date shall be [to be inserted], 
(ii) 
[to be inserted] as amended Margin with effect from (and including) the Payment Date falling in [to 
be inserted]; and 
(iii) 
the extension of the Legal Maturity Date for a period equal to the period specified under (i) above so 
that the extended Legal Maturity Date shall be [to be inserted]. 
We hereby represent and warrant that on the date of this notice  
(i) 
we hold [⚫] per cent. of the Notes outstanding on the date of this notice; and 
(ii) 
we will not sell or transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the Notes prior to the 25th Business Day 
after the date of this notice. 
We hereby acknowledge that the amendments requested above shall become effective only if (A) the Issuer 
has received confirmation from the Rating Agencies that the rating of the Class B Notes will not be affected 
by such amendments and (B) by no later than the third (3rd) Business Day prior to the then current Series 
Revolving Period Expiration Date, the Issuer has confirmed by notice to us (as holders of the Class B Notes) 
in the form prescribed in Condition 12 that it has received such reaffirmation and that it agrees to the requested 
amendments. 
Kind regards, 
[name and signatures of holder]

--- Page 172 ---
- 172 - 
 
 
 
ANNEX A 
TRUST AGREEMENT 
The following is the text of the material terms of the Trust Agreement between the Issuer, the Security Trustee, 
the Expectancy Rights Trustee, the Subordinated Lender, the Data Protection Trustee, the Corporate 
Services Provider, the Swap Counterparty, the Principal Paying Agent, the Interest Determination Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Account Bank, VWL, the Lead Manager and the Arranger. The text is attached to the 
Conditions as Annex A and constitutes an integral part of the Conditions – In case of any overlap or 
inconsistency in the definition of a term or expression in the Trust Agreement and elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus, the definition contained in the Conditions will prevail.  
1. 
DEFINITIONS, INTERPRETATION AND COMMON TERMS 
1.1 
Definitions 
(a) 
Unless otherwise defined herein or the context requires otherwise, capitalised terms used in 
this Agreement have the meanings ascribed to them in clause 1 of the Master Definitions 
Schedule (the "Master Definitions Schedule") set out in the Incorporated Terms 
Memorandum (the "Incorporated Terms Memorandum") which is dated on or about the 
date of this Agreement and signed, for purposes of identification, by each of the Programme 
Parties. The terms of the Master Definitions Schedule are hereby expressly incorporated 
into this Agreement by reference. 
(b) 
In the event of any conflict between the Master Definitions Schedule and this Agreement, 
this Agreement prevails. 
1.2 
Interpretation 
Terms in this Agreement, except where otherwise stated or where the context otherwise requires, 
shall be construed in the same way as set forth in clause 2 of the Master Definitions Schedule. 
1.3 
Common Terms 
(a) 
Incorporation of Common Terms 
Except as provided below, the Common Terms apply to this Agreement and are binding on 
the parties to this Agreement as if set out in full in this Agreement. 
(b) 
Common Terms 
If there is any conflict between the provisions of the Common Terms and the provisions of 
this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement prevail, subject always to compliance with 
clause 10 (Non-petition and limited recourse) of the Common Terms. 
(c) 
Governing law and jurisdiction 
This Agreement and all matters (including non-contractual duties and claims) arising from or 
connected with it are governed by German law in accordance with clause 13 (Governing 
law) of the Common Terms. Clause 14 (Jurisdiction) of the Common Terms applies to this 
Agreement as if set out in full in this Agreement. 
PART A. 
Duties and position of the Security Trustee 
2. 
DUTIES OF THE SECURITY TRUSTEE 
2.1 
This Agreement establishes the rights and obligations of the Security Trustee to carry out the tasks 
assigned to it in this Agreement. Unless otherwise set forth in this Agreement, the Security Trustee 
is not obliged to supervise the discharge of the payment and other obligations of the Issuer arising 
from the Funding and the Programme Documents or to carry out duties which are the responsibility 
of the management of VCL Master S.A.

--- Page 173 ---
- 173 - 
 
 
 
2.2 
The Issuer agrees and authorises that the Security Trustee acts for the Programme Creditors 
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the English law Security Assignment Deed. The Security 
Trustee agrees to act accordingly. 
3. 
POSITION OF THE SECURITY TRUSTEE IN RELATION TO THE PROGRAMME CREDITORS 
3.1 
The Security Trustee carries out the duties specified in this Agreement as a trustee for the benefit of 
the Programme Creditors. The Security Trustee shall exercise its respective duties hereunder with 
particular regard to the interests of the Programme Creditors, giving priority to the interests of each 
Programme Creditor in accordance with the Order of Priority, especially to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
3.2 
This Agreement grants all Programme Creditors the right to demand that the Security Trustee 
performs its duties under clause 2 and all its other duties hereunder in accordance with this 
Agreement and therefore this Agreement constitutes, in favour of the Programme Creditors that are 
not (validly) parties to this Agreement (in particular the Noteholders) a contract for the benefit of a 
third party pursuant to section 328 of the German Civil Code (echter Vertrag zugunsten Dritter). The 
rights of the Issuer pursuant to clause 4.3 shall not be affected. 
4. 
POSITION OF THE SECURITY TRUSTEE IN RELATION TO THE ISSUER 
4.1 
With respect to the Security, the Security Trustee is legally a secured party (Sicherungsnehmer) in 
relation to the Issuer. Accordingly, to the extent that the Purchased Lease Receivables and the Lease 
Collateral will be transferred by the Issuer to the Security Trustee for collateral purposes in 
accordance with clause 5.1, in insolvency proceedings on the Security Trustee’s estate, such rights 
would be segregated (Aussonderungsrecht) as assets of the Issuer held in trust. 
4.2 
The Issuer hereby grants to the Security Trustee a separate Trustee Claim, entitling the Security 
Trustee to demand from the Issuer: 
(a) 
that any present or future obligation of the Issuer in relation to the Noteholders shall be 
fulfilled; 
(b) 
that any present or future obligation of the Issuer in relation to a Programme Creditor of the 
Programme Documents shall be fulfilled; and 
(c) 
(if the Issuer is in default with any Secured Obligation(s) and insolvency proceedings 
according to the Applicable Insolvency Law have not been instituted against the estate of 
the Security Trustee) that any payment owed under the respective Secured Obligation will 
be made to the Security Trustee for on-payment to the Programme Creditors and discharge 
the Issuer’s obligation accordingly. 
The right of the Issuer to make payments to the respective Programme Creditor shall remain 
unaffected. The Trustee Claim in whole or in part may be enforced separately from the relevant 
Programme Creditor’s claim related thereto. In the case of a payment pursuant to clause 4.2(c), the 
Issuer will have a claim against the Security Trustee for on-payment to the respective Programme 
Creditors. 
4.3 
The obligations of the Security Trustee under this Agreement are owed exclusively to the Programme 
Creditors, except for the obligations and declarations of the Security Trustee to the Issuer pursuant 
to clause 4.1, clause 4.2 last sentence, clause 10, clause 33 and clause 38. 
PART B. 
Granting of collateral 
5. 
ASSIGNMENT FOR SECURITY PURPOSES; TRANSFER OF TITLE FOR SECURITY PURPOSES 
5.1 
The Issuer hereby assigns or transfers (as applicable) the following rights and claims to the Security 
Trustee for security purposes: 
(a) 
all present and future Purchased Lease Receivables and the related Lease Collateral which 
the Seller transfers to the Issuer pursuant to the provisions of the Receivables Purchase

--- Page 174 ---
- 174 - 
 
 
 
Agreement, and all rights arising from the Purchased Lease Receivables and related Lease 
Collateral and all rights against the Security Trustee of participation in the respective 
Realisation Proceeds pursuant to clause 18 of this Agreement; 
(b) 
all its claims and other rights arising from the Programme Documents (including the rights 
to unilaterally alter a legal relationship (unselbständige Gestaltungsrechte)) and from all 
present and future contracts the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the 
Notes, the Subordinated Loan, the Swap Agreements, or the Purchased Lease Receivables 
and Lease Collateral; and 
(c) 
all transferable claims (i) in respect of the Accounts of the Issuer opened pursuant to the 
Account Agreement and (ii) in respect of all bank accounts which will be opened under this 
Agreement in the name of the Issuer in the future. 
Without affecting the provisions under the Receivables Purchase Agreement that the granting of 
security title to the Leased Vehicles is subject to the agreed resolutory condition (auflösende 
Bedingung), the Security Trustee hereby accepts the assignment and, in particular, recognises the 
obligations of the Issuer to release the Purchased Lease Receivables and the Lease Collateral 
pursuant to the provisions of the Receivables Purchase Agreement directly to the Seller and confirms 
to be bound by such obligations as if such obligations were directly owed by the Security Trustee to 
the Seller. 
5.2 
The right of the Security Trustee under section 402 of the German Civil Code to demand from the 
Seller information and/or documents is limited to the extent that such demand does not result in a 
violation of Data Protection Rules. Otherwise, the Seller shall deliver such information to the Issuer 
in encrypted form and shall deliver to the Data Protection Trustee the relevant Portfolio Decryption 
Key(s), who may in turn release such Portfolio Decryption Key(s) only in accordance with clause 4 
(Delivery of the Portfolio Decryption Key by the Data Protection Trustee) of the Data Protection Trust 
Agreement. 
5.3 
The assignments for collateral purposes pursuant to clause 5.1 are subject to the condition precedent 
that the transfer of the rights specified in clause 5.1 from the Seller to the Issuer becomes effective. 
5.4 
If an express or implied current account relationship exists or is later established between the Issuer 
and a third party, the Issuer hereby assigns to the Security Trustee – without prejudice to the 
generality of the provisions in clause 5.1 – the right to receive a periodic account statement and the 
right to payment of present or future balances (including a final net balance determined upon the 
institution of any insolvency proceedings according to the Applicable Insolvency Law regarding the 
estate of the Issuer), as well as the right to terminate the current account relationship and to the 
determination and payment of the closing net balance upon termination. 
5.5 
Together with the rights assigned in accordance with this clause 5, all of the Lease Collateral securing 
such rights, as well as the rights arising from the underlying contracts (including the rights to alter the 
legal relationship), are hereby transferred to the Security Trustee which hereby accepts such transfer.  
6. 
PLEDGE 
The Issuer hereby pledges to the Security Trustee all its present and future claims against the 
Security Trustee arising under this Agreement as well as its present and future claims under the 
Distribution Account, the Accumulation Account and the Cash Collateral Account as well as its 
present and future claims under the Account Agreement, which have not yet been transferred for 
security purposes under clause 5.1. The Issuer hereby gives notice to the Security Trustee of such 
pledge and the Security Trustee hereby confirms the receipt of such notice. The Issuer informed the 
Account Bank on the pledge and the Account Bank confirmed receipt of such notification in the 
Account Agreement. 
7. 
SECURITY PURPOSE 
The assignment and/or transfer for security purposes pursuant to clauses 5.1 through 5.5 and the 
pledge pursuant to clause 6 serve to secure the respective Trustee Claim of the Security Trustee. In 
addition, the assignment pursuant to clause 5.1 is made for the purpose of securing the rights of the

--- Page 175 ---
- 175 - 
 
 
 
Programme Creditors against the Issuer arising under the Funding (with respect to the Notes and the 
Subordinated Loan) and the Programme Documents. The assignments pursuant to clauses 5.2 
through 5.5 and the pledge pursuant to clause 6 is made for the purpose of securing the rights of the 
Programme Creditors against the Issuer arising under the Funding and the Programme Documents. 
8. 
AUTHORITY TO COLLECT; ASSUMPTION OF OBLIGATIONS; FURTHER ASSIGNMENT 
8.1 
The Issuer is authorised to collect, to have collected, to realise and to have realised in the ordinary 
course of its business or otherwise to use the rights and assets assigned for security purposes 
pursuant to clause 5 and the rights pledged pursuant to clause 6. 
8.2 
The authority provided in clause 8.1 is deemed to be granted only to the extent that all obligations of 
the Issuer are fulfilled in accordance with the Order of Priority prior to a Foreclosure Event. The 
authority may be revoked by the Security Trustee at any time if this is necessary in the opinion of the 
Security Trustee to avoid endangering the Security or its value. The authority shall automatically 
terminate upon the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event pursuant to clause 17. 
8.3 
The Security Trustee shall in its respective relationship to the Issuer and to VWL comply with the 
continuing duties of care of the Issuer arising from the Receivables Purchase Agreement and the 
Servicing Agreement (including the treatment of the transfer to the Issuer as silent assignment and 
compliance with security agreements entered into between VWL and the Lessees). Such continuing 
duties shall not include, in particular, any of the payment obligations of the Issuer, including the 
payment obligations of the Issuer (i) pursuant to clause 3.2 (Assignment and Transfer of Purchased 
Initial Lease Receivables and security title to the Initial Leased Vehicles) and clause 5.2 (Assignment 
and Transfer of Purchased Additional Lease Receivables and security title to the Additional Leased 
Vehicles) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement, or (ii) as compensation for damages. 
8.4 
The Security Trustee is authorised to (and in the case of (a) below, shall) assign the Purchased 
Lease Receivables, the Lease Collateral (which includes, without being limited to it, security title to 
the Leased Vehicles) assigned in accordance with clause 5.1 for security purposes: 
(a) 
in the event the Security Trustee is replaced and all Purchased Rights are assigned to a new 
Security Trustee (the "New Security Trustee"); or 
(b) 
upon occurrence of a Foreclosure Event pursuant to clause 17; or 
(c) 
if the Foreclosure Event pursuant to clause 17 threatens to occur because taxes are levied 
by German and/or Luxembourg tax authorities on payments under the Purchased Lease 
Receivables, or if such levy is to be introduced, and if the negative consequences thereof 
can be avoided in whole or in part through the transfer, or 
(d) 
if – as long as VWL is the Servicer – VWL has given its consent to such assignment or if it 
unreasonably withholds its consent; such a withholding of consent shall as a rule be 
considered unreasonable if a transfer does not negatively and materially affect the interests 
of VWL, the Lessees or the Issuer and the Programme Creditors risk material disadvantages 
without such a transfer. 
8.5 
In the case of an assignment pursuant to clause 8.4 above, the Security Trustee shall agree with the 
respective transferee that the transferee: 
(a) 
in the case of an assignment pursuant to clause 8.4(a), shall assume the obligations of 
Security Trustee pursuant to clause 8.3, and 
(b) 
in all other cases under clause 8.4 with regard to the Purchased Lease Receivables, the 
Lease Collateral shall assume the rights and continuing obligations of the Issuer under the 
Receivables Purchase Agreement and under the Servicing Agreement (within the meaning 
of clause 8.3). 
9. 
REPRESENTATION OF THE ISSUER AND VWL 
9.1 
The Issuer represents and warrants to the Security Trustee that:

--- Page 176 ---
- 176 - 
 
 
 
(a) 
the Security has not already been assigned or pledged to a third party; and 
(b) 
the Issuer has not established any third-party rights on or in connection with the Security. 
9.2 
The Issuer shall pay damages pursuant to sections 280(1) and 280(3) of the German Civil Code 
(Schadensersatz statt der Leistung) if the legal existence of the Security transferred for security 
purposes in accordance with this Agreement is invalid as a consequence of any action or omission 
by the Issuer contrary to clause 9.1. 
9.3 
VWL represents and warrants to the Security Trustee that it will not sell Expectancy Rights related 
to Purchased Lease Receivables to any Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser unless such 
Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser has signed an Adherence Letter. 
10. 
REPRESENTATIONS OF THE SECURITY TRUSTEE  
The Security Trustee represents and warrants to the Issuer that  
10.1 
it is legally competent and in a position to perform the duties assigned to it in this Agreement in 
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, and that, at the time of signing this Agreement, a 
ground for termination pursuant to clause 31 is neither known nor is reasonably foreseen by the 
Security Trustee; and 
10.2 
it has and will continue to have its centre of main interest (as that term is used in Article 3(1) of the 
EU Insolvency Regulation) in Germany and has no establishment (being a place of operations where 
a company carries out non-transitory economic activity with human means and goods) as referred to 
in the EU Insolvency Regulation outside of Germany. 
11. 
UNDERTAKINGS OF THE PROGRAMME CREDITORS 
The Programme Creditors (other than the Security Trustee acting in its capacity as Security Trustee 
on behalf of the Programme Creditors) undertake to the Issuer until one year and one day has passed 
after the last payment is effected on the Notes and the Subordinated Loan: 
(a) 
not to take or induce any action the subject of which is a dissolution, liquidation, or 
bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings with respect to VCL Master S.A. of any or all of 
its revenue or property or the appointment of a receiver, administrator, administrative 
receiver, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or similar officer of VCL Master S.A.; and 
(b) 
neither to assert judicially or extra-judicially claims for payment against the Issuer to which 
the Security Trustee is entitled under or in connection with this Agreement and its 
performance, nor to permit third parties to assert such claims on their behalf. 
12. 
RELEASE OF SECURITY 
12.1 
Subject to the condition precedent of full discharge and satisfaction of (i) any amount due and payable 
(fällig) by the Seller to the Issuer at the relevant time and of (ii) the respective secured Purchased 
Lease Receivables, the Security Trustee hereby retransfers and/or reassigns, as applicable, directly 
to the Seller (and the Seller hereby accepts, and the Issuer hereby agrees to and authorises the 
Security Trustee to make such transfer and/or assignment) title to the respective Leased Vehicles 
and any other Lease Collateral, except where such Leased Vehicles or other Lease Collateral have 
been realised. 
12.2 
As soon as the Issuer has fully performed and discharged all Secured Obligations and any other 
obligations secured by this Agreement, the Security Trustee shall promptly retransfer any remaining 
Security transferred to it under this Agreement and that the Security Trustee still holds at such time 
to or to the order of the Issuer. The Security Trustee undertakes to notify the shareholder of the Issuer 
of the full discharge and satisfaction of all obligations secured hereunder and of the retransfer of the 
Security. For the purpose of release, the Security Trustee may rely on evidence which shows that all 
moneys necessary for the discharge and satisfaction of the obligations secured by this Agreement 
have been transferred to the Principal Paying Agent for further distribution in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement. A written confirmation of the Principal Paying Agent will be sufficient evidence.

--- Page 177 ---
- 177 - 
 
 
 
PART C. 
Duties of the Security Trustee prior to occurrence of the Foreclosure Event 
13. 
ACCEPTANCE, SAFEKEEPING, AND REVIEW OF DOCUMENTS; NOTIFICATION OF THE ISSUER 
13.1 
The Security Trustee may demand from the Issuer the on-transfer of the documents delivered to the 
Issuer in connection with the reporting of the Seller pursuant to clause 2.4 (Purchase Agreement 
concerning the Purchased Initial Lease Receivables) and clause 4.5 (Purchase Agreement 
concerning the Purchased Additional Lease Receivables) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement 
and clause 10 (Reporting Duties of the Servicer and Duties under the Swap Agreements and 
Reporting Duties under the Securitisation Regulation) of the Servicing Agreement and the Security 
Trustee shall:  
(a) 
keep such documents for one year after the termination of this Agreement and, at the 
discretion of the Issuer, thereafter either destroy such documents or deliver the same to the 
Issuer or to the Seller; or 
(b) 
forward the documents to the New Security Trustee if the Security Trustee is replaced in 
accordance with clauses 31 through 33. 
13.2 
The Security Trustee shall to a reasonable extent check the conformity of the documents provided 
to it in accordance with clause 10 (Reporting Duties of the Servicer and Duties under the Swap 
Agreements and Reporting Duties under the Securitisation Regulation) of the Servicing Agreement 
without being obliged to recalculate the figures. If this does not reveal any indication of a breach of 
duties or any risk for the Security, the Security Trustee is not obliged to examine such documents 
any further. If, on the basis of such checks, the Security Trustee comes to the conclusion that a 
Programme Creditor is not properly fulfilling its obligations under a Programme Document, the 
Security Trustee shall promptly inform the directors of the Issuer thereof. The right of the Security 
Trustee to obtain additional information from the Seller shall not be affected hereby. 
14. 
ACCOUNTS 
14.1 
The terms of the Accounts are set out in the respective Account Agreement. Should the Account 
Bank cease to have the Account Bank Required Ratings, the Account Bank shall notify the Security 
Trustee thereof and within sixty (60) days from the loss of the Account Bank Required Rating procure 
transfer of the accounts held with it to an Eligible Collateral Bank, notified to it by the Issuer. If within 
this sixty (60) day period the measure set out above is not taken, the Issuer shall arrange the opening 
of the accounts with a Successor Bank pursuant to clause 14.2 and shall terminate the respective 
Account Agreement, effective to the date of the opening of the accounts with such Successor Bank. 
14.2 
Should one of the Accounts be terminated either by the Account Bank, or by the Issuer, the Issuer 
shall promptly inform the Security Trustee of such termination. The Issuer shall, together with the 
Security Trustee, open an account, on conditions as close as possible to those previously received, 
with the Successor Bank specified by the Security Trustee, which has at least the Account Bank 
Required Ratings. The Issuer shall conclude a new Account Agreement with the Successor Bank as 
counterparty and with the consent of the Security Trustee the new Account Agreement shall include 
a provision, in which the Successor Bank undertakes to promptly notify the other contract parties of 
any downgrade in its rating. 
14.3 
For the avoidance of doubt, in case one of the Accounts is at any time held with a Successor Bank, 
and the Issuer or the Security Trustee receives a notice pursuant to clause 14.1 with regard to the 
Successor Bank, then the procedure laid out in clause 14.1 and 14.2 shall also apply for such 
Successor Bank. 
15. 
BREACH OF OBLIGATIONS BY THE ISSUER 
15.1 
If the Security Trustee in the course of its respective activities becomes aware that the existence or 
the value of the Security is at risk due to any failure of the Issuer to properly comply with its obligations 
under this Agreement, the Security Trustee shall, subject to the provisions in clause 15.2, deliver a 
notice to the Issuer in reasonable detail of such failure (with a copy to the Servicer) and, if the Issuer 
does not remedy such failure within ninety (90) days after the delivery of such notice, the Security

--- Page 178 ---
- 178 - 
 
 
 
Trustee shall at its discretion take or induce all actions which in the opinion of the Security Trustee 
are necessary to avoid such threat. To the extent that the Issuer does not comply with its obligations 
pursuant to clause 36 in respect of the Security and does not remedy such failure within the 90-day 
period after the notice set forth above, the Security Trustee is in particular authorised and shall 
exercise all rights arising under the Programme Documents on behalf of the Issuer. 
15.2 
The Security Trustee shall only intervene in accordance with clause 15.1 if and to the extent that it is 
assured that it will be indemnified to its satisfaction, at its discretion either by reimbursement of costs 
or in any other way it deems appropriate, against all costs and expenses resulting from its activities 
(including fees for retaining counsel, banks, auditors, or other experts as well as the expenses for 
retaining third parties to perform certain duties) and against all liability, any other obligations and 
legal proceedings. Clause 34 shall not be affected hereby. 
16. 
POWER OF ATTORNEY 
The Issuer hereby grants by way of security power of attorney to the Security Trustee, waiving the 
restrictions set forth in section 181 of the German Civil Code, and with the right to grant substitute 
power of attorney, to act in the name of the Issuer with respect to all rights of the Issuer arising under 
the Programme Documents (except for the rights vis-à-vis the Security Trustee). Such power of 
attorney is irrevocable. It shall expire as soon as a New Security Trustee has been appointed 
pursuant to clauses 31 through 33 and the Issuer has issued a power of attorney to such New 
Security Trustee having the same contents as the above power of attorney. The Security Trustee 
shall only act under this power of attorney in the context of its rights and obligations pursuant to this 
Agreement. 
PART D. 
Duties of the Security Trustee after occurrence of a Foreclosure Event and enforcement and sale of 
Leased Vehicles 
17. 
FORECLOSURE ON THE SECURITY; FORECLOSURE EVENT 
17.1 
Subject to clause 18, the Security shall be subject to enforcement and/or foreclosure upon the 
occurrence of a Foreclosure Event. The Security Trustee shall without undue delay give notice to the 
Noteholders and the Subordinated Lender and notify the Rating Agencies of the occurrence of a 
Foreclosure Event. 
17.2 
After the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, the Security Trustee will at its reasonable discretion and 
in case of Leased Vehicles for which expectancy rights have been transferred to the Relevant 
Expectancy Rights Purchaser with consent of the relevant Expectancy Rights Trustee, if any, 
foreclose or enforce or cause the foreclosure or enforcement of the Security. Unless compelling 
grounds to the contrary exist, the foreclosure and enforcement shall be performed by collecting 
payments made into the Accounts from the Security or, inter alia, by assignment pursuant to 
clause 8.4(b). The provisions of the Corporate Services Agreement shall be unaffected by the 
foreclosure of the Security (subject to the provisions of clause 8.4).  
17.3 
Within fifteen (15) days after the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, the Security Trustee shall give 
notice to the Noteholders, the Subordinated Lender and each Swap Counterparty, specifying the 
manner in which it intends to foreclose and enforce on the Security, in particular, whether it intends 
to sell the Security, and apply the proceeds from such foreclosure and/or enforcement to satisfy the 
obligations of the Issuer, subject to the Order of Priority in clause 22.2. If, within 60 days after the 
publication of such notice, the Security Trustee receives written notice from a Noteholder or 
Noteholders representing more than 66 2/3 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the Class 
A Notes or, if no Class A Notes are outstanding, more than 66 2/3 per cent. of the outstanding 
principal amount of the Class B Notes, whereby any notice of a Noteholder, being VW Bank and its 
affiliates will not be taken into account, objecting to the action proposed in the Security Trustee’s 
notice, the Security Trustee shall not undertake or shall cease undertaking such action (other than 
the collection of payments on the Accounts from the Security). Furthermore, the Security Trustee is 
obliged to provide the Rating Agencies upon their request, with all relevant information pertaining to 
the Enforcement Event. For the avoidance of doubt, upon the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, 
the Security Trustee is not automatically required to liquidate the Purchased Lease Receivables at 
market value.

--- Page 179 ---
- 179 - 
 
 
 
18. 
REALISATION OF THE LEASED VEHICLES AND ALLOCATION OF PAYMENTS 
18.1 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee has been appointed to exclusively hold, inter alia, the expectancy 
rights purchased by VCL Master Residual Value or any other Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser. 
The Expectancy Rights Trustee herewith authorises VCL Master Residual Value or any other 
Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser, or the Security Trustee, as the case may be, to sell or 
enforce or to have sold or enforced, to administer and to do such other acts as are necessary in 
connection with the holding, administration and realisation of such expectancy rights assigned to the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee. In case expectancy rights relating to Purchased Lease Receivables have 
been transferred to a Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser other than VCL Master Residual Value, 
VWL shall procure that such Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser authorises the Security Trustee 
to sell or enforce or to have sold or enforced, to administer and to do such other acts as are necessary 
in connection with the holding, administration and realisation of such expectancy rights. 
18.2 
The Leased Vehicles the ownership of which has been transferred for security purposes 
(Sicherungseigentum) to the Security Trustee shall, following expiry or termination of the underlying 
Lease Contract, be sold by VCL Master Residual Value or any other Relevant Expectancy Rights 
Purchaser or enforced by the Security Trustee or the Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser, as the 
case may be, or by agents of the Security Trustee (including VWL) and in case of the expectancy 
rights with consent of the Expectancy Rights Trustee holding such expectancy rights or any other 
Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser, as applicable, as follows:  
(a) 
To the extent no Foreclosure Event and no Servicer Insolvency Event have occurred but 
upon the occurrence of a prematurely ending of the Lease Contracts prior to the contractual 
lapse of contract (Ablauf der regulären, ursprünglich vereinbarten Leasingdauer), the 
Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser will (i) in case of VCL Master Residual Value being 
the Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser, sell the relevant Leased Vehicles to VWL and 
the Expectancy Rights Trustee and the Security Trustee will consent to such sale, or (ii) in 
case of any Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser other than VCL Master Residual Value, 
VWL will pay an amount equal to the Vehicle Sale Amount to the Issuer and the Relevant 
Expectancy Rights Purchaser. The Vehicle Sale Amounts resulting from either such sale to 
VWL or payment by VWL will be allocated to the Issuer in accordance with clause 18.2(d) 
below. 
(b) 
To the extent no Servicer Insolvency Event has occurred but upon the occurrence of a 
Foreclosure Event, (i) in case of VCL Master Residual Value being the Relevant Expectancy 
Rights Purchaser, the Security Trustee will sell the Leased Vehicles to VWL and the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee will consent to such sale, or (ii) in case of any Relevant 
Expectancy Rights Purchaser other than VCL Master Residual Value, VWL will pay an 
amount equal to the Vehicle Sale Amount to the Issuer and the Relevant Expectancy Rights 
Purchaser. The Vehicle Sale Amounts resulting from either such sale to VWL or payment by 
VWL will be allocated to the Issuer in accordance with clause 18.2(d) below. 
(c) 
Following the occurrence of a Servicer Insolvency Event, the Security Trustee and the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee shall be free to sell or have sold the Leased Vehicles to any third 
party. Proceeds resulting from such sale shall be allocated to the Issuer by the Security 
Trustee or the Expectancy Rights Trustee, as the case may be, in accordance with clause 
18.2(d) below.  
(d) 
A fraction of the Vehicle Sale Amount or proceeds from the sale of a Leased Vehicle 
according to clauses (a), (b) or (c) (each a "Distributable Amount") shall be allocated to 
the Issuer as follows: 
(i) 
if the Lease Contract relating to such Leased Vehicle has prematurely ended prior 
to the contractual lapse of contract (Ablauf der regulären, ursprünglich vereinbarten 
Leasingdauer) for any reason other than termination (Kündigung) by VWL, 
insolvency or death of the Lessee, the Issuer's portion of the Distributable Amount 
shall be an amount equal to the present value of the remaining Purchased Lease 
Receivables under such Lease Contract; or

--- Page 180 ---
- 180 - 
 
 
 
(ii) 
if the Lease Contract has prematurely ended prior to the contractual lapse of 
contract (Ablauf der regulären, ursprünglich vereinbarten Leasingdauer) because 
of a termination (Kündigung) by VWL or insolvency or death of the Lessee, the 
Issuer's portion of the Distributable Amount shall be an amount equal to such 
Distributable Amount multiplied by a fraction expressed as a percentage: 
(1) 
the numerator of which is the present value of the remaining Purchased 
Lease Receivables under such Lease Contract and the denominator of 
which is the sum of the present value of the Leased Vehicle’s residual 
value determined as at the originally scheduled contractual end date of the 
Lease 
Contract 
as 
assessed 
by 
a 
vehicle 
expert 
(Kraftfahrzeugsachverständiger) and the present value of the remaining 
Purchased Lease Receivables under such Lease Contract; or 
(2) 
to the extent the present value of the Leased Vehicle’s residual value has 
not been assessed by a vehicle expert (Kraftfahrzeugsachverständiger), 
the numerator of which is the present value of the remaining Purchased 
Lease Receivables under such Lease Contract and the denominator is the 
sum of the present value of the contractually agreed Leased Vehicle’s 
residual value as specified in the respective Lease Contract and the 
present value of the remaining Purchased Lease Receivables under such 
Lease Contract. 
In case of excess payments over the respective Distributable Amount, such excess 
payments shall, provided that all amounts due to the Issuer under the Receivables Purchase 
Agreement in the context of the Purchased Lease Receivables and all amounts due to the 
Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser with respect to the Purchased Expectancy Rights 
representing the residual values of the Leased Vehicles related to such Purchased Lease 
Receivables have been paid, be paid to VWL. 
(e) 
If the Lessee makes a combined payment on the lease receivable for all lease contracts that 
it has with VWL and does not instruct which payment needs to be allocated to which lease 
contract, then the allocation between the Purchased Lease Receivable and the other lease 
receivables still held by VWL or third parties shall be made by VWL after consulting the 
Lessee. The Lessee will then instruct VWL how to allocate this combined payment. In case 
this combined payment covers the total amount of all his respective monthly instalments, 
VWL will allocate the payment to each contract of the Lessee in accordance with the specific 
payment schedules for such lease contracts. 
18.3 
With respect to any proceeds collected by the Purchaser from insurance enterprises pursuant to the 
assignment of claims pursuant to clause 3.7 and 5.7 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement, the 
Purchaser will allocate such collections on a pro rata basis in relation to the Discounted Receivables 
Balance and the Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance outstanding on the respective Lease 
Contract and will allocate such fractional amounts which refer to the outstanding Discounted 
Receivables Balance to the Issuer and such fractional amounts which refer to the outstanding 
Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance to VCL Master Residual Value provided VCL Master 
Residual Value is the Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser related to the respective Leased 
Vehicle(s) and in all other cases to VWL. 
18.4 
Any proceeds allocated in accordance with clauses 18.1 to 18.3 of this Agreement to Purchased 
Lease Receivables (which shall include, for the avoidance of doubt, also the relevant share of the 
Distributable Amount) shall be credited by VWL to the Distribution Account and any share of the 
Distributable Amount relating to Purchased Expectancy Rights, Expectancy Rights Related Collateral 
and Purchased Final Payment Receivables shall be credited by VWL to the applicable Relevant 
Distribution Account if related to Expectancy Rights purchased by a Relevant Expectancy Rights 
Purchaser.  
18.5 
Collections on Written Off Purchased Lease Receivables shall be allocated to VWL provided that no 
Insolvency Event has occurred with respect to VWL.

--- Page 181 ---
- 181 - 
 
 
 
19. 
PAYMENTS UPON OCCURRENCE OF THE FORECLOSURE EVENT 
19.1 
Upon the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, the Security may be claimed exclusively by the Security 
Trustee. All payments from such Security hereafter shall only be made to the Security Trustee.  
19.2 
As from the Foreclosure Event, payments on the obligations of the Issuer may not be made as long 
as, in the opinion of the Security Trustee, such payment will jeopardise the fulfilment of any later 
maturing obligation of the Issuer with higher rank in accordance with the Order of Priority. 
19.3 
In the case of payments on the Notes or the Subordinated Loan, the Security Trustee shall provide 
the Noteholders and the Subordinated Lender with advance notice of the Payment Date pursuant to 
the Conditions of the Notes or the Subordinated Loan. In the case of such payment, the Security 
Trustee is only responsible for making the relevant amount available to the Principal Paying Agent. 
In order to do so, the Security Trustee shall rely on the records of the Relevant Clearing Systems in 
relation to any determination of the principal amount outstanding of each Global Note. For this 
purpose, "records" means the records that each of the Relevant Clearing Systems holds for its 
customers which reflect the amount of such customer’s interest in the Notes. 
19.4 
After all obligations under the Programme Documents have been finally discharged and paid in full 
the Security Trustee shall pay out any remaining amounts to the Issuer. 
20. 
CONTINUING DUTIES 
Clauses 13 through 15 shall continue to apply after the Foreclosure Event has occurred. 
PART E. 
Accounts; Order of Priority 
21. 
DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT; ACCUMULATION ACCOUNT; SWAP PROVISIONS 
21.1 
The Distribution Account shall be used for the fulfilment of the payment obligations of the Issuer.  
21.2 
The Issuer shall ensure that all payments made to it shall be made by way of a bank transfer to or 
deposit or in any other way into the respective Distribution Account. 
21.3 
The Accumulation Account shall be used on each Payment Date to collect moneys paid under items 
eleventh and twelfth of the respective Order of Priority for reinvestment in Additional Lease 
Receivables at any time after such Payment Date to deposit moneys arising from the repayment of 
principal under the Lease Receivables which amounts may be used to purchase Additional Lease 
Receivables during the Revolving Period. No principal will be paid on the Notes during the Revolving 
Period, except (i) to the extent the relevant Series of Notes qualifies as an Amortising Series, or (ii) 
in the context of a disposal of assets by the Issuer as foreseen in clause 8.8 (Early settlement/ Clean-
up Call/ sale of Lease Receivables to other securitisation vehicles) of the Receivables Purchase 
Agreement. 
21.4 
The Issuer has entered into Swap Agreements to hedge the floating rate interest exposure on the 
respective series of Notes. The Issuer may in the following situations and under the following 
conditions enter into new swap transactions:  
(a) 
The Issuer may, from time to time, enter into replacement Swap Agreements with 
replacement Swap Counterparty in the event that a Swap Agreement is terminated prior to 
its scheduled expiration pursuant to an "event of default" or "termination event" under the 
respective Swap Agreement. The respective replacement Swap Agreement will have an 
initial notional amount equal to the applicable notional amount of the terminated Swap 
Agreement as at termination. The notional amount of the respective replacement Swap 
Agreement will decrease by the amount of any principal repayments on the series of Notes 
or increase by the amount of any principal increase on the series of Notes from time to time. 
(b) 
The Issuer will use reasonable efforts to enter into new interest rate Swap Agreements upon 
the issuance of further series of Notes, provided that:

--- Page 182 ---
- 182 - 
 
 
 
(i) 
Such new interest rate Swap Agreements are basically on the same terms and 
conditions as the existing Swap Agreements; and 
(ii) 
It is ensured that the notional amount under the new Swap Agreement will at all 
times be equal to the lower of (x) the maximum notional amount under the new 
Swap Agreement and (y) the outstanding principal balance of the corresponding 
new issued series of Notes. 
21.5 
The Servicer shall calculate and provide, by delivery of the Monthly Servicer Report, written 
notification to each Swap Counterparty and to the Security Trustee of the notional amount of each 
Swap Agreement on each Payment Date on or before the reporting date in the month of the related 
Payment Date. The Interest Determination Agent shall provide the Servicer with the calculation of 
EURIBOR. The Servicer shall provide the calculation of EURIBOR to the Security Trustee under this 
Agreement and shall calculate the amount, for each Payment Date, of all Net Swap Payments, Net 
Swap Receipts and Swap Termination Payments payable in accordance with clause 22.2(a) item 
sixth below on each Payment Date and shall provide written notification of such amounts to the 
relevant Swap Counterparty and to the Security Trustee on the Servicer Report Performance Date. 
The parties hereto hereby acknowledge that with respect to the obligations under each Swap 
Agreement of the parties thereto, all calculations shall be performed by the calculation agent 
thereunder. 
21.6 
Any Swap Replacement Proceeds received by the Issuer or the Security Trustee on behalf of the 
Issuer from a replacement Swap Counterparty shall be remitted directly to the Swap Termination 
Payment Account and shall be applied in payment of any Swap Termination Payments to the Swap 
Counterparty under the initial Swap Agreement outside of the applicable Order of Priority. If Swap 
Replacement Proceeds are insufficient to pay in full the Swap Termination Payment due to the initial 
Swap Counterparty, any shortfall shall be paid in accordance with the applicable Order of Priority. If 
Swap Replacement Proceeds exceed the Swap Termination Payment due to the initial Swap 
Counterparty, any excess shall be treated as part of the Available Distribution Amount. 
21.7 
In the event that a Swap Counterparty is required to collateralise its obligations pursuant to the terms 
of the applicable Swap Agreement, the Issuer will open the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral 
Account with the Distribution Account Bank within ten (10) Business Days and such amounts will be 
held in the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account for such Swap Agreement. The Counterparty 
Downgrade Collateral Account shall be separated from the Distribution Account and from the general 
cash flow of the Issuer. Collateral deposited in the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account shall 
not constitute Available Distribution Amounts. Amounts standing to the credit of the Counterparty 
Downgrade Collateral Account shall secure solely the payment obligations of the relevant Swap 
Counterparty to the Issuer under the applicable Swap Agreement. The amounts in the Counterparty 
Downgrade Collateral Account will be applied in or towards satisfaction of the Swap Counterparty's 
obligations to the Issuer upon termination of the respective Swap Agreement. Any Excess Swap 
Collateral owing to the respective Swap Counterparty pursuant to the relevant Swap Agreement shall 
not be available to Programme Creditors and shall be returned to such Swap Counterparty in 
accordance with the applicable Swap Agreement and outside of the Order of Priority. The Swap 
Counterparty shall bear any costs and expenses in connection with the Counterparty Downgrade 
Collateral Account. If the Issuer incurs any liabilities, costs or expenses in connection with the 
Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account, the Swap Counterparty shall reimburse the Issuer 
immediately upon request from the Issuer. 
22. 
ORDER OF PRIORITY 
22.1 
Prior to the full and unconditional discharge of all obligations of the Issuer to the Programme 
Creditors, any credit in the Distribution Account and the Cash Collateral Account (other than 
repayments due to VWL in accordance with clause 11.2 (Payments; repayment claims) of the 
Receivables Purchase Agreement) shall be distributed exclusively in accordance with clauses 22.2 
and clause 23. 
22.2 
In respect of the Notes, distributions will be made on each Payment Date from the Available 
Distribution Amount according to the following Order of Priority: 
(a) 
on each Payment Date prior to the occurrence of an Enforcement Event:

--- Page 183 ---
- 183 - 
 
 
 
first, in or towards payment of amounts due and payable in respect of taxes (if any) by VCL 
Master S.A. and allocated to VCL Master S.A.’s Compartment 1; 
second, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts (excluding any 
payments under the Trustee Claims) due and payable and allocated to VCL Master S.A.’s 
Compartment 1 (i) to the Security Trustee under or in connection with this Agreement, the 
Security Assignment Deed or any other agreement or document entered into by the Security 
Trustee and (ii) pari passu to any successor of the Security Trustee (if applicable) appointed 
pursuant to clause 31 or 32 of this Agreement or under any agreement replacing this 
Agreement; 
third, in or towards payment of the Servicer Fee to the Servicer; 
fourth, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts due and payable and 
allocated to VCL Master S.A.’s Compartment 1 (i) to the Corporate Services Provider under 
the Corporate Services Agreement, (ii) to the Data Protection Trustee under the Data 
Protection Trust Agreement; (iii) to the Rating Agencies the fees for the monitoring, and (iv) 
to the Process Agent and the English Process Agent under the process agency agreements; 
fifth, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts due and payable and 
allocated to VCL Master S.A.’s Compartment 1 (i) to the directors of VCL Master S.A. and 
(ii) in respect of other administration costs and expenses of the Issuer including without 
limitation, any costs relating to the listing of the Notes, or amounts due and payable to the 
paying agents, any auditors’ fees, any tax filing fees and any annual return which are to be 
allocated to Compartment 1; 
sixth, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts due and payable and 
allocated to the Account Bank maintaining the Accounts for account management fees and 
amounts payable to the Cash Administrator for cash administration fees due under the 
Account Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Interest Determination 
Agent and the Calculation Agent under the Agency Agreement, to the Custodian of any 
amounts due to it from the Issuer under the Custody Agreement and a Note Purchaser under 
the Programme Agreement; 
seventh, pari passu and rateably as to each other on all series of Notes of amounts due and 
payable by the Issuer to each Swap Counterparty in respect of any Net Swap Payments or 
any Swap Termination Payments under a Swap Agreement (if any and provided that a Swap 
Counterparty under the respective Swap Agreement is not a defaulting party (as defined in 
the respective Swap Agreement) and there has been no termination of the transaction under 
the Swap Agreement due to a termination event relating to the respective Swap 
Counterparty’s downgrade); 
eighth, pari passu and rateably to each other of amounts due and payable in respect of (a) 
interest accrued on the Class A Notes during the immediately preceding Interest Accrual 
Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and rateably as to each other on all 
series of Class A Notes; 
ninth, pari passu and rateably to each other of amounts due and payable in respect of (a) 
interest accrued on the Class B Notes during the immediately preceding Interest Accrual 
Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and rateably as to each other on all 
series of Class B Notes; 
tenth, in or towards payment to the Cash Collateral Account, until the General Cash 
Collateral Amount is equal to the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance; 
eleventh, pari passu and rateably, in or towards payment of (a) the Amortisation Amounts to 
each Amortising Series of Class A Notes and (b) an amount equal to the Class A 
Accumulation Amount to the Accumulation Account maintained for Non-Amortising Series 
of Notes;

--- Page 184 ---
- 184 - 
 
 
 
twelfth, pari passu and rateably, in or towards payment of (a) the Amortisation Amounts to 
each Amortising Series of Class B Notes and (b) an amount equal to the Class B 
Accumulation Amount to the Accumulation Account maintained for Non-Amortising Series 
of Notes; 
thirteenth, pari passu and rateably as to each other in or towards payment to a Swap 
Counterparty of any payments due under the respective Swap Agreements other than those 
made under item seventh above, if any; 
fourteenth, upon the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to VWL, all remaining 
excess shall be transferred pro rata and pari passu to any Relevant Distribution Account 
until all series of Expectancy Rights Purchaser Notes relating to such Relevant Distribution 
Account  are redeemed in full; 
fifteenth, pari passu and rateably as to each other in or towards payment to amounts due 
and payable in respect of (a) interest accrued during the immediately preceding Interest 
Accrual Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) on the Subordinated Loan; 
sixteenth, in or towards payment to the Subordinated Lender to reduce the outstanding 
principal amount of the Subordinated Loan; and 
seventeenth, to pay all remaining excess to VWL by way of a final success fee. 
(b) 
Distribution will be made from the Cash Collateral Account on any Payment Date prior to the 
occurrence of a Foreclosure Event, if and to the extent the General Cash Collateral Amount 
exceeds the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance and no Credit 
Enhancement Increase Condition is in effect, according to the following Order of Priority, 
provided that for any Payment Date on which a Term Takeout takes place, the Specified 
General Cash Collateral Account Balance shall be calculated using the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes following the redemption of the Notes that occurs 
on such Payment Date as a result of such Term Takeout: 
first, to the Subordinated Lender, amounts payable in respect of accrued and unpaid interest 
on the Subordinated Loan (including, without limitation, overdue interest);  
second, to the Subordinated Lender an amount necessary to reduce the outstanding 
principal amount of the Subordinated Loan; and 
third, all remaining excess to VWL by way of a final success fee. 
(c) 
Following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, distributions will be made by the Security 
Trustee from the Available Distribution Amount and from any amounts standing to the credit 
of the Cash Collateral Account, and according to the following Order of Priority: 
first, amounts due and payable in respect of taxes (if any) by VCL Master S.A. and allocated 
to VCL Master S.A.’s Compartment 1; 
second, amounts (excluding any payments under the Trustee Claim) due and payable and 
allocated to VCL Master S.A.’s Compartment 1 (i) to the Security Trustee under or in 
connection with this Agreement, the Security Assignment Deed or any other agreement or 
document entered into by the Security Trustee and (ii) pari passu to any successor of the 
Security Trustee (if applicable) appointed pursuant to clause 31 or 32 of this Agreement or 
under any agreement replacing this Agreement; 
third, in or towards payment of the Servicer Fee to the Servicer; 
fourth, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts due and payable and 
allocated to VCL Master S.A.’s Compartment 1 (i) to the Corporate Services Provider under 
the Corporate Services Agreement, (ii) to the Data Protection Trustee under the Data 
Protection Trust Agreement; (iii) to the Rating Agencies the fees for the monitoring, and (iv) 
to the Process Agent and the English Process Agent under the process agency agreements;

--- Page 185 ---
- 185 - 
 
 
 
fifth, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts due and payable and 
allocated to VCL Master S.A.’s Compartment 1 (i) to the directors of VCL Master S.A. and 
(ii) in respect of other administration costs and expenses of the Issuer including without 
limitation, any costs relating to the listing of the Notes, or any amounts due and payable to 
the paying agents, any auditors’ fees, any tax filing fees and any annual return which are to 
be allocated to Compartment 1; 
sixth, in or towards payment, rateably and pari passu, of amounts due and payable and 
allocated to the Account Bank maintaining the Accounts for account management fees and 
amounts payable to the Cash Administrator for cash administration fees due under the 
Account Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Interest Determination 
Agent and the Calculation Agent under the Agency Agreement, to the Custodian of any 
amounts due to it from the Issuer under the Custody Agreement and a Note Purchaser under 
the Programme Agreement; 
seventh, pari passu and rateably as to each other on all series of Notes amounts due and 
payable by the Issuer to each Swap Counterparty in respect of any Net Swap Payments or 
any Swap Termination Payments under a Swap Agreement (if any and provided that a Swap 
Counterparty under the respective Swap Agreement is not a defaulting party (as defined in 
the respective Swap Agreement) and there has been no termination of the transaction under 
the Swap Agreement due to a termination event relating to the respective Swap 
Counterparty’s downgrade); 
eighth, pari passu and rateably to each other towards payment of amounts due and payable 
in respect of (a) interest accrued on the Class A Notes during the immediately preceding 
Interest Accrual Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and rateably as to each 
other on all series of Class A Notes; 
ninth, pari passu and rateably to the holders of Class A Notes in respect of principal until the 
Class A Notes are redeemed in full; 
tenth, pari passu and rateably to each other towards payment of amounts due and payable 
in respect of (a) interest accrued on the Class B Notes during the immediately preceding 
Interest Accrual Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) pari passu and rateably as to each 
other on all series of Class B Notes; 
eleventh, pari passu and rateably to the holders of Class B Notes in respect of principal until 
the Class B Notes are redeemed in full; 
twelfth, pari passu and rateably as to each other in or towards payment to a Swap 
Counterparty of any payments due under the respective Swap Agreements other than those 
made under item seventh above, if any; 
thirteenth, upon the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to VWL, all remaining 
excess shall be transferred pro rata and pari passu to any Relevant Distribution Account 
until all Expectancy Rights Purchaser Notes relating to such Relevant Distribution Account 
are redeemed in full; 
fourteenth, towards payment of amounts due and payable in respect of (a) interest accrued 
during the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period plus (b) Interest Shortfalls (if any) 
on the Subordinated Loan; 
fifteenth, to the Subordinated Lender until the Subordinated Loan has been redeemed in full; 
and 
sixteenth, to pay all remaining excess to VWL by way of a final success fee. 
22.3 
Notwithstanding the provisions of clause 22.2(a) amounts due and payable under items first through 
sixth may be paid once a Monthly Period on any date other than a Payment Date from any funds 
available on the Accounts in the Order of Priority.

--- Page 186 ---
- 186 - 
 
 
 
22.4 
Notwithstanding the provisions of clauses 22.1 through 22.3, (i) any proceeds arising from a Term 
Takeout shall not be distributed according to the Order of Priority but shall be distributed  
first to the then outstanding Class A Notes, until the Redeemable Amount of all then outstanding 
Class A Notes has been redeemed in full;  
second to the then outstanding Class B Notes, until the Redeemable Amount of all then outstanding 
Class B Notes has been redeemed in full;  
third to the Subordinated Loan; and 
fourth to VWL by way of an additional success fee 
and (ii) amounts distributed to a specific Series of Class A Notes or a specific Series of Class B Notes 
exceeding the amount required to redeem such Series in full shall be distributed to the other Series 
of Class A Notes and the other Series of Class B Notes, respectively, whereas in case of Non-
Amortising Series of Notes, any redemption payments shall be made in a way to redeem a certain 
number of Notes in their principal amount of Euro 100,000. 
23. 
CASH COLLATERAL ACCOUNT; ACCUMULATION ACCOUNT 
23.1 
The Issuer has established in accordance with clause 13 (Cash Collateral Account) of the 
Receivables Purchase Agreement at the Account Bank the Cash Collateral Account. On each 
Payment Date which is also an Issue Date, VWL will fund an increase of the Cash Collateral Account 
with an amount equal to the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance. The Issuer will 
deposit such funds in the Cash Collateral Account at the Account Bank and has agreed to keep these 
accounts at all times with a bank that has Account Bank Required Ratings. In the event that the Cash 
Collateral Account Bank ceases to have the Account Bank Required Ratings, the Issuer shall within 
sixty (60) calendar days procure transfer of the accounts held with it to an Eligible Collateral Bank 
which shall be appointed by the Issuer within the sixty (60) calendar day period referred to above 
(and the Issuer undertakes to the Security Trustee to take such action) and notified to it by the Issuer. 
23.2 
The Cash Collateral Account will contain a Buffer Release Reserve Ledger in which the Buffer 
Release Reserve will be administered. The purpose of the Buffer Release Reserve is to ensure that 
the Issuer will continue to be able to make any payments pursuant to items first to ninth of the Order 
of Priority, as set out in clause 22.2(a) above, if and to the extent the Available Distribution Amount 
is not sufficient to cover payments to be made pursuant to items first to ninth of the Order of Priority, 
as set out in clause 22.2(a) above, on any Payment Date. 
23.3 
Prior to the service of an Enforcement Notice, an amount equal to any negative difference between 
the Available Distribution Amount (not taking into account items (i) and (j) of the definition of Available 
Distribution Amount) and the aggregate payments to be made pursuant to items first to ninth of the 
Order of Priority, as set out in 22.2(a) above, if and to the extent paid by the Seller or standing to the 
credit of the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger, will form part of the Available Distribution Amount and 
will, subject to and in accordance with the relevant Order of Priority, be applied towards payment of 
items first to ninth of the Order of Priority, as set out in 22.2(a) above. For the sake of clarification, if 
and to the extent the Buffer Release Reserve has been funded, amounts standing to the credit of the 
Buffer Release Reserve Ledger shall be used to cover any shortfalls in the amounts payable under 
the first to ninth items (inclusive) of the Order of Priority, as set out in clause 22.2(a) above, prior to 
the use of the Cash Collateral Amount. Following the service of an Enforcement Notice, distributions 
will be made by the Security Trustee from the Available Distribution Amount and from any amounts 
standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account, and according to the applicable Order of Priority. 
23.4 
On each Payment Date amounts payable under item tenth of the Order of Priority according to clause 
22.2(a) above will be paid until the amount of funds in the Cash Collateral Account is equal to the 
Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance. On each Payment Date after the amounts 
standing to the credit of the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger have either been reduced to zero or no 
funding of the Buffer Release Reserve or no payment of the Negative Buffer Release Amount has 
been made so far, the General Cash Collateral Amount shall be used

--- Page 187 ---
- 187 - 
 
 
 
(a) 
to cover any shortfalls in the amounts payable under items first through ninth of the Order of 
Priority in clause 22.2(a) above; 
(b) 
to make payment of the amounts due and payable under clause 22.2(b) above; and  
(c) 
on the earlier of (i) the latest occurring Legal Maturity Date of any Series of Notes or (ii) the 
date on which the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance has been reduced to zero, to 
make payment of the amounts due and payable under items eleventh, twelfth, fifteenth and 
sixteenth of the Order of Priority set out in clause 22.2(a). 
23.5 
If on any Payment Date prior to the service of an Enforcement Notice, the balance deposited on the 
Buffer Release Reserve Ledger exceeds the actual Required Buffer Release Reserve Amount, such 
excess shall be repaid directly to the Seller (whereby such excess shall not form part of the Available 
Distribution Amount). 
23.6 
Upon full and final discharge of all obligations under the Notes and the Subordinated Loan and upon 
fulfilment of all claims of all Programme Creditors, VWL shall be entitled to the sums remaining in the 
Cash Collateral Account.  All interest accrued on the Cash Collateral Account shall be segregated 
and shall be paid to VWL on an annual basis on the Payment Date falling in September of each 
calendar year. The Cash Collateral Account shall be closed as soon as all Purchased Lease 
Receivables as well as all rights to Security have been realised after final payment in full of the Notes 
and the Subordinated Loan. After the closing of the Cash Collateral Account, VWL is entitled to any 
Purchased Lease Receivables still outstanding. 
23.7 
The Issuer has established at the Accumulation Account Bank the Accumulation Account to collect 
during the Revolving Period payments as set forth in items eleventh and twelfth of the respective 
Order of Priority according to clauses 22.2(a). During the Revolving Period, amounts on deposit in 
the Accumulation Account shall be used by the Issuer for the purchase of Additional Lease 
Receivables from VWL according to the terms for the purchase of Additional Lease Receivables as 
set forth in clause 4 et seq. of the Receivables Purchase Agreement pursuant to the relevant 
Additional Receivables Purchase Agreement. Interest earned on the Accumulation Account shall be 
paid to the Issuer in accordance with the relevant bank mandate and shall be part of the Available 
Distribution Amount. Upon the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event, the Accumulation Account 
shall be closed on the subsequent Payment Date and any amounts on deposit in the Accumulation 
Account shall form part of the Available Distribution Amount pursuant to limb (g) of the definition of 
Available Distribution Amount. 
24. 
RELATION TO THIRD PARTIES; OVERPAYMENT 
24.1 
In respect of the Security, the Order of Priority shall be binding on all Programme Creditors of the 
Issuer. In respect of other assets of the Issuer, such Order of Priority shall only be applicable internally 
between the Programme Creditors, the Security Trustee and the Issuer; in third party relationships, 
the rights of the Programme Creditors and the Security Trustee will have equal rank to those of the 
third-party creditors of the Issuer.  
24.2 
The Order of Priority set forth in clause 22 shall also be applicable if the claims are transferred to a 
third party by assignment, subrogation into a contract, or otherwise. 
24.3 
All payments to Programme Creditors shall be subject to the condition that, if a payment is made to 
a Programme Creditor in breach of the Order of Priority such Programme Creditor shall repay - with 
commercial effect to the relevant Payment Date - the received amount to the Security Trustee; the 
Security Trustee shall then pay - with commercial effect to the relevant Payment Date - such moneys 
received in the way that they were payable in accordance with the aforementioned Order of Priority 
on the relevant Payment Date. If such non-complying payment is not repaid on the relevant Payment 
Date by such Programme Creditor, following the non-complying payment or if the claim to repayment 
is not enforceable, the Security Trustee is authorised and obliged to adapt the distribution provisions 
pursuant to clause 22 in such a way that any over- or underpayments made in breach of clause 22 
are set off by correspondingly increased or decreased payments on such Payment Date (and, to the 
extent necessary, on all subsequent Payment Dates).

--- Page 188 ---
- 188 - 
 
 
 
PART F. 
Delegation; advisors 
25. 
DELEGATION 
25.1 
In individual instances, the Security Trustee may, at market prices (if appropriate, after obtaining 
several offers), retain the services of a suitable law firm or credit institution to assist it in performing 
the duties assigned to it under this Agreement, by delegating the entire or partial performance of the 
following duties: 
(a) 
the undertaking of individual measures pursuant to clause 15, specifically the enforcement 
of certain claims against the Issuer or a Programme Creditor; 
(b) 
the foreclosure on the Security pursuant to clause 17; 
(c) 
the settlement of payments pursuant to clause 19; and 
(d) 
the settlement of overpayments pursuant to clause 24. 
25.2 
If third parties are retained pursuant to clause 25.1, the Security Trustee shall only be liable for the 
exercise of due care in the selection and supervision of the third party to a degree that the Security 
Trustee would exercise in its own affairs. The Security Trustee, however, shall not be liable for any 
negligence of the third party. In case of any damage caused by such third party, the Security Trustee 
shall enforce any claims for damages against such third party for the benefit of the Programme 
Creditors.  
25.3 
The Security Trustee shall promptly notify the Rating Agencies of every hiring pursuant to clause 
25.1. 
26. 
ADVISORS 
26.1 
The Security Trustee is authorised, in connection with the performance of its duties under the Funding 
and the Programme Documents, at their own discretion, to seek information and advice from legal 
counsel, financial consultants, banks, and other experts in Germany or elsewhere (and irrespective 
of whether such persons are already retained by the Security Trustee, the Issuer, a Programme 
Creditor, or any other person involved in the transactions under the Notes, the Subordinated Loan or 
the Programme Documents), at market prices (if appropriate, after obtaining several offers). 
26.2 
The Security Trustee may rely on such information and such advice of such external advisors without 
having to make their own investigations. The Security Trustee shall not be liable for any damages or 
losses caused by acting in reliance on the information or the advice of such Persons. The Security 
Trustee shall not be liable for any negligence of such Persons. 
PART G. 
Fees; reimbursement of expenses; indemnification; taxes 
27. 
FEES 
27.1 
The Issuer will pay the Security Trustee a fee, the amount of which shall be separately agreed 
between the Issuer and the Security Trustee. 
27.2 
Upon the occurrence of a Foreclosure Event or a default of any party (other than the Security Trustee) 
to a Programme Document which results in that the Security Trustee undertaking additional tasks, 
the Issuer shall pay or procure to be paid to the Security Trustee such additional remuneration as 
shall be agreed between the Issuer and the Security Trustee. In the event that the Issuer and the 
Security Trustee fail to agree as to whether and/or in which amount an additional remuneration shall 
be payable in accordance with the preceding sentence, such matters shall be determined by a bank, 
financial services institution or auditing firm of recognised standing (acting as an expert and not as 
an arbitrator) jointly determined by the Issuer and the Security Trustee. The determination made by 
such expert shall be final and binding upon the Issuer and the Security Trustee. It is understood that 
the additional tasks to be performed by the Security Trustee will not be delayed, but instead will be 
continued as if the Issuer and the Security Trustee would have agreed on a fee immediately.

--- Page 189 ---
- 189 - 
 
 
 
28. 
REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES; ADVANCE 
The Issuer shall bear all reasonable costs and disbursements (including costs for legal advice and 
costs of other experts) incurred by the Security Trustee in connection with the performance of its 
respective duties under this Agreement, including the costs and disbursements in connection with 
the creation, holding, and foreclosure on the Security. 
29. 
RIGHT TO INDEMNIFICATION 
29.1 
The Issuer shall indemnify and/or prefund the Security Trustee against all losses, liabilities, 
obligations (including any taxes (other than taxes on the Expectancy Rights Trustee's own income, 
profit or gains or any FATCA Deduction)), actions in and out of court, and costs and disbursements 
incurred by the Security Trustee in connection with this Agreement or any other Programme 
Document, unless such costs and expenses are incurred by the Security Trustee due to a breach of 
its standard of care pursuant to clause 34. The Security Trustee shall be under no obligation to take 
any action under or in connection with this Agreement as long as any claim of the Security Trustee 
under this clause 29.1 remains outstanding. 
29.2 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Issuer will have no obligation to indemnify 
the Security Trustee for any FATCA Deductions. 
30. 
TAXES 
30.1 
The Issuer shall bear all transfer taxes and other similar taxes or charges which are imposed in 
Germany or in Luxembourg on or in connection with (i) the creation, holding, foreclosure or 
enforcement of Security, (ii) on any measure taken by the Security Trustee pursuant to the Conditions 
of the Notes, the Subordinated Loan or the Programme Documents, and (iii) the Issue of the Notes, 
the conclusion of the Subordinated Loan Agreement or the conclusion of Programme Documents. 
30.2 
All payments of fees and reimbursements of reasonable expenses to the Security Trustee shall 
include any turnover taxes, value added taxes or similar taxes, other than taxes on the Security 
Trustee’s own income, profits or gains or any FATCA Deduction, which are imposed in the future on 
the services of the Security Trustee. 
PART H. 
Replacement of the Security Trustee 
31. 
TERMINATION BY THE SECURITY TRUSTEE FOR GOOD CAUSE 
31.1 
The Security Trustee may resign from its office as Security Trustee for good cause (aus wichtigem 
Grund) at any time provided that upon or prior to its resignation the Security Trustee on behalf of the 
Issuer, appoints a reputable bank in Germany or a reputable German auditing company and/or 
fiduciary company as successor and such appointee is experienced in the business of security 
trusteeship in Germany and assumes all rights and obligations arising from this Agreement and has 
been furnished with all authorities and powers that have been granted to the Security Trustee. 
31.2 
Without prejudice to the obligation of the Security Trustee to appoint a successor in accordance with 
clause 31.1, the Issuer shall be authorised to make such appointment in lieu of the Security Trustee. 
31.3 
The appointment of the new Security Trustee pursuant to clause 31.1 and 31.2 shall only take effect 
if (i) VWL consents to the appointment of the proposed new Security Trustee or withholds such 
consent unreasonably; and (ii) the Issuer consents to the appointment of the proposed new Security 
Trustee or withholds such consent unreasonably. Consent pursuant to number (i) above shall be 
deemed granted if the Issuer or the Security Trustee requests VWL in writing for consent to the 
appointment and consent is not refused by VWL within five (5) banking days in Frankfurt am Main of 
having received the request or proof of reasonable cause for refusing to give consent is not provided 
within five (5) banking days in Frankfurt am Main after VWL receives the request. Consent pursuant 
to number (ii) shall be deemed granted if the Security Trustee requests the Issuer in writing for 
consent to the appointment and consent or proof of reasonable cause for refusing to give consent is 
not provided within five (5) banking days in Luxembourg and Frankfurt am Main after the Issuer 
receives the request.

--- Page 190 ---
- 190 - 
 
 
 
31.4 
Notwithstanding any termination pursuant to clause 31.1, the rights and obligations of the Security 
Trustee shall continue until the appointment of the new Security Trustee has become effective and 
the rights pursuant to clause 33 have been assigned to it. 
32. 
REPLACEMENT OF THE SECURITY TRUSTEE 
The Issuer shall be authorised to and shall replace the Security Trustee with a reputable bank or a 
reputable German auditing company and/or law firm and/or a fiduciary company that is experienced 
in the business of security trusteeship in Germany, if the Issuer has been so instructed in writing by 
a Noteholder or Noteholders owning at least 25 per cent. of the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of all Notes or by the Subordinated Lender. The Issuer shall notify VWL and the Rating 
Agencies within 30 days upon receipt of such request to replace the Security Trustee on the request 
to replace the Security Trustee. 
33. 
TRANSFER OF SECURITY; COSTS; PUBLICATION 
33.1 
In the case of a replacement of the Security Trustee pursuant to clause 31 or clause 32, the Security 
Trustee shall forthwith transfer all assets and other rights it holds as fiduciary under this Agreement, 
as well as its Trustee Claim under clause 4 (including the pledge rights granted for the same pursuant 
to clause 6) in its capacity as trustee to the new Security Trustee. Without prejudice to this obligation, 
the Issuer is hereby irrevocably authorised to effect such transfer on behalf of the Security Trustee, 
subject to the condition set forth in the first sentence. 
33.2 
The costs incurred in connection with replacing the Security Trustee pursuant to clause 31 or clause 
32 shall be borne by the Issuer. If the replacement pursuant to clause 31 or clause 32 is caused by 
a violation of obligations of the Security Trustee as set out in clause 34 and 35, the Issuer shall be 
entitled, without prejudice to any additional rights, to demand damages from the Security Trustee in 
the amount of such costs. 
33.3 
The appointment of a New Security Trustee in accordance with clause 31 or clause 32 shall be 
published without delay in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes, and the Subordinated Loan, 
or, if this is not possible, in any other appropriate way. 
33.4 
The Security Trustee shall provide the New Security Trustee with a report regarding its activities 
within the framework of this Agreement. 
PART I. 
Liability of the Security Trustee 
34. 
STANDARD OF CARE 
The Security Trustee shall be liable for breach of its obligations under this Agreement only if and to 
the extent that it fails to meet the standard of care which it would exercise in its own affairs (Sorgfalt 
in eigenen Angelegenheiten). 
35. 
EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY 
35.1 
The Security Trustee shall not be liable for: (i) any action or failure to act of the Issuer or of other 
parties to the Programme Documents (including to the extent performed on behalf of the Security 
Trustee), (ii) the Notes, the Subordinated Loan, the Purchased Lease Receivables, the Security, the 
Lease Collateral and the Programme Documents being or not being legal, valid, binding, or 
enforceable, or for the fairness of the provisions set forth in the Notes, the Subordinated Loan or in 
the aforementioned agreements, (iii) a loss of documents related to the Purchased Rights not 
attributable to a violation of the standard of care set out in clause 34 of the Security Trustee or the 
Expectancy Rights Trustee, and (iv) – without prejudice to the provisions of clause 15 – the Seller’s 
failure to meet all or part of its contractual obligations to submit documents to the Security Trustee.  
35.2 
No shareholder, officer or director of the Security Trustee shall incur any personal liability as a result 
of the performance or non-performance by the Security Trustee of its obligations hereunder. Any 
recourse against such a person is excluded accordingly.

--- Page 191 ---
- 191 - 
 
 
 
PART J. 
Undertakings of the Issuer 
36. 
UNDERTAKINGS OF THE ISSUER IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITY 
The Issuer undertakes vis-à-vis the Security Trustee: 
(a) 
not to sell the Security and to refrain from all actions and failure to act (excluding the 
collection and enforcement of the Security in the ordinary course of business) which may 
result in a material decrease in the aggregate value or in a loss of the Security; to the extent 
that there are indications that a Programme Creditor does not properly fulfil its obligations 
under a Programme Document, the Issuer will in particular exercise the due care of a 
merchant (die Sorgfalt eines ordentlichen Kaufmanns) to take all necessary action to prevent 
the Security or their value from being jeopardised; 
(b) 
to mark in its books and documents the transfer for security purposes and the pledge to the 
Security Trustee and to disclose to third parties having a legal interest in becoming aware of 
the transfer for security purposes and the pledge that the transfer for security purposes and 
the pledge has taken place; 
(c) 
promptly to notify the Security Trustee if the rights of the Security Trustee in the Security are 
impaired or jeopardised by way of an attachment or other actions of third parties, by sending 
a copy of the attachment or transfer order or of any other document on which the 
enforcement of the third party is based, as well as all further documents which are required 
or useful to enable the Security Trustee to file proceedings and take other actions in defence 
of its rights. In addition, the Issuer shall promptly inform the attachment creditor and other 
third parties in writing, including by e-mail, of the rights of the Security Trustee in the Security; 
and 
(d) 
to permit the Security Trustee or its representatives to inspect its books and records at any 
time during usual business hours for purposes of verifying and enforcing the Security, to give 
any information necessary for such purpose, and to make the relevant records available for 
inspection.

--- Page 192 ---
- 192 - 
 
 
 
37. 
OTHER UNDERTAKINGS OF THE ISSUER 
The Issuer undertakes to: 
(a) 
promptly notify the Security Trustee in writing, including by e-mail, if circumstances occur 
which constitute a Foreclosure Event pursuant to clause 17; 
(b) 
submit to the Security Trustee at least once a year and in any event not later than 120 days 
after the end of its fiscal year and at any time upon demand within five days a certificate 
signed by a director of VCL Master S.A. in which such director, in good faith and to the best 
of his/her knowledge based on the information available represents, on behalf of the Issuer, 
that during the period between the date the preceding certificate was submitted (or, in the 
case of the first certificate, the date of this Agreement) and the date on which the relevant 
certificate is submitted, the Issuer has fulfilled its obligations under the Notes, the 
Subordinated Loan and the Programme Documents or (if this is not the case) specifies the 
details of any breach; 
(c) 
give the Security Trustee at any time such other information it may reasonably demand for 
the purpose of performing its duties under this Agreement; 
(d) 
send to the Security Trustee one copy in the German or the English language of any balance 
sheet, any profit and loss accounts, any report or notice, or any other memorandum sent out 
by the Issuer to its shareholder either at the time of the mailing of those documents to the 
shareholder or as soon as possible thereafter; 
(e) 
send or have sent to the Security Trustee a copy of any notice given in accordance with the 
Conditions of the Notes and/or the Subordinated Loan immediately, or at the latest on the 
day of the publication of such notice; 
(f) 
ensure that the Principal Paying Agent notifies the Security Trustee immediately if it does 
not receive the moneys needed to discharge in full any obligation to repay the full or partial 
principal amount due to the Noteholders and/or the Subordinated Lender on any Payment 
Date; 
(g) 
have at all times at least one director independent from the Seller and the Issuer’s 
shareholders; 
(h) 
correct any known misunderstanding regarding its separate identity; 
(i) 
conduct its own business in its own name;  
(j) 
at all times ensure that its central management and control is exercised in Luxembourg; and 
(k) 
 opt for the transitional CbCR (Country-by-Country report) safe harbour benefits foreseen by 
Council Directive (EU) 2022/2523 of 14 December 2022 (the "Pillar Two Directive"). 
 
38. 
ACTIONS OF THE ISSUER REQUIRING CONSENT 
As long as the Notes and the Subordinated Loan are outstanding, the Issuer is not authorised without 
prior written consent of the Security Trustee to: 
38.1 
engage in any business or activities other than: 
(a) 
the performance of the obligations under this Agreement, the Notes, the Subordinated Loan 
and the other Programme Documents and under any other agreements which have been 
entered or may be entered into in connection with the Funding; 
(b) 
the enforcement of its rights; 
(c) 
the performance of any acts which are necessary or useful in connection with (a) or (b) 
above; and

--- Page 193 ---
- 193 - 
 
 
 
(d) 
the execution of all further documents and undertaking of all other actions, at any time and 
to the extent permitted by law, which, in the opinion of the Security Trustee, are necessary 
or desirable with respect to the reasonable interests of the Noteholders or the Subordinated 
Lender in order to ensure that the Conditions of the Notes or the Subordinated Loan 
Agreements are always valid; 
38.2 
hold, permit to subsist any subsidiary nor form or acquire any subsidiary (unless in the case of a 
substitution of the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions of the Notes and the Subordinated Loan); 
38.3 
dispose or pledge of any assets or any part thereof or interest therein and/or make, incur, assume or 
suffer to exist any loan, advance or guarantee to any person, unless otherwise provided in clause 
38.1;  
38.4 
pay dividends or make any other distribution to its shareholders;  
38.5 
incur, create, assume or suffer to exists or otherwise become liable in respect of any indebtedness, 
whether present or future; 
38.6 
have any employees or own any real estate assets; 
38.7 
create or permit to subsist any mortgages, or – except as otherwise permitted by the Programme 
Documents – any liens, pledges or similar rights; 
38.8 
consolidate or merge; 
38.9 
materially amend its Articles of Incorporation; 
38.10 
issue new shares and acquire shares; 
38.11 
open new accounts (other than contemplated in the Programme Documents);  
38.12 
 change its country of incorporation;  
38.13 
effect a substitution of the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions of the Notes and the Subordinated Loan;  
38.14 
permit its assets to become commingled with those of any other party; or 
38.15 
acquire obligations or securities of its affiliates; 
38.16 
if the Issuer requests that the Security Trustee grants its consent as required pursuant to this clause 
38, the Security Trustee may grant or withhold the requested consent at its discretion, taking into 
account the reasonable interests of the Programme Creditors in accordance with clause 3.1 hereof. 
PART K. 
Miscellaneous provisions 
39. 
AMENDMENTS 
39.1 
VWL will be entitled to amend any term or provision of this Agreement with the consent of the Issuer 
and the Security Trustee but without the consent of any Noteholder, any Swap Counterparty, the 
Subordinated Lender or any other Person, provided that such amendment shall only become valid,  
(a) 
if it is notified to the Security Trustee and the Rating Agencies and the Issuer and VWL have 
received a confirmation from the Security Trustee that in the sole professional judgement of 
the Security Trustee, such amendment will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of 
any Programme Creditor; and  
(b) 
if any of the amendments relate to the amount, the currency or the timing of the cashflow 
received by the Issuer under the Purchased Lease Receivables, the application of such 
cashflow by the Issuer, or the ranking of the Swap Counterparty in the Order of Priority, then 
the consent of the Swap Counterparty will be required; and

--- Page 194 ---
- 194 - 
 
 
 
(c) 
in case of amendments which materially and adversely affect the interests of the Issuer, the 
Security Trustee, the Swap Counterparty or the Subordinated Lender if such parties have 
consented to such amendment.  
39.2 
 
(a) 
The Swap Counterparty and the Issuer shall be entitled:  
(i) 
to amend the Swap Agreements to ensure that the terms hereof, and the parties 
obligations thereunder, are in compliance with the Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 July 2012 on OTC derivatives, 
central counterparties and trade repositories, known as the European Market 
Infrastructure Regulation, as amended from time to time, ("EMIR") and/or the then 
subsisting technical standards under EMIR; or  
(ii) 
to amend or waive (subject at all times to Article 15 (Dispute resolution), Chapter 
VII of the technical standards under EMIR (which relate to, inter alia, non-financial 
counterparties, risk-mitigation techniques for over the counter derivative contracts 
not cleared by a central counterparty) any of the time periods set out Part 6(c) of the 
schedule to the Swap Agreements.  
(b) 
The Servicer or the relevant Programme Party(ies), as the case may be, and the Issuer shall 
be entitled to amend the Servicing Agreement or any other Programme Documents to 
ensure that the terms thereof, and the parties obligations thereunder, are in compliance with 
EMIR and/or the then subsisting technical standards under EMIR, 
in each case of (a) and (b) above, with the consent of the Issuer but without the consent of any 
Noteholder, the Subordinated Lender or any other Person, provided that such amendment or waiver 
shall only become valid if it is notified to the Security Trustee and the Rating Agencies, and the Issuer 
and the Swap Counterparty or the Servicer or the relevant Programme Party(ies), as the case may 
be, have received a confirmation from the Security Trustee that in the sole professional judgement 
of the Security Trustee, such amendment or waiver will not be materially prejudicial to the interests 
of any such Programme Creditor. 
39.3 
Notwithstanding clauses 39.1 and 39.2 VWL will be entitled to amend any term or provision of this 
Agreement (except for the ranking of the Notes, any security securing the Notes, the Legal Maturity 
Date, the Scheduled Repayment Date, the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date, any Payment 
Date, the Class A Notes Interest Rate, the Class B Notes Interest Rate or the amount of payments 
of any principal), with the consent of the Issuer and the Security Trustee, but without the consent of 
any Noteholder, any Swap Counterparty, the Subordinated Lender, the Arranger, the Lead Manager 
or any other Person, if it is advised by a third party authorised under Article 28 of the Securitisation 
Regulation or a reputable international law firm that such amendments are required for the 
Programme to comply with the Securitisation Regulation including the requirements for simple, 
transparent and standardised securitisations set out therein and in any regulatory technical standards 
adopted under the Securitisation Regulation. Any amendment subject to this clause 39.3 shall only 
become valid, by giving ten (10) Business Days prior notice to the Noteholders and the Rating 
Agencies in writing, including by email. 
39.4 
The Security Trustee has the right to request a reputable law firm in the relevant jurisdiction to confirm 
the legal validity of such amendment and/or to describe the legal effects of such amendment and to 
incur reasonable expenses for such consultation which shall be reimbursed by VWL. 
39.5 
This Agreement may also be amended from time to time with prior notification to the Rating Agencies, 
in accordance with the provisions set out in sections 5 to 21 of the German Debenture Act (Gesetz 
über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen - Schuldverschreibungsgesetz SchVG) with 
the unanimous consent of (a) the Issuer and (b) the Noteholders of each Series of Notes for the 
purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions 
of this Agreement which materially and adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders and/or any 
other Programme Creditor provided that (x) no such amendment shall reduce the interest rate or 
principal amount of any Note or delay the Scheduled Repayment Date or Legal Maturity Date of any 
Note without the consent of all Noteholders of the relevant Class, and (y) provided further that if any

--- Page 195 ---
- 195 - 
 
 
 
of the amendments relate to the amount, the currency or the timing of the cash-flow received by the 
Issuer under the Purchased Lease Receivables and/or the Leased Vehicles, the application of such 
cash-flow by the Issuer, or the ranking of the Swap Counterparty in the Order of Priority, or materially 
and adversely affects the interests of the Swap Counterparty, then the consent of the Swap 
Counterparty will be required. The manner of obtaining such consents may be either a contractual 
agreement to be concluded between the Issuer and all Noteholders of the Relevant Series as 
provided for in Sec. 4 of the German Debenture Act (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen - Schuldverschreibungsgesetz SchVG) with a prior notification to the Rating 
Agencies or by a Noteholder's resolution adopted with unanimous consent of the Noteholders of such 
Series pursuant to Sections 5 to 22 of aforementioned act, or in case of (y) only a contractual 
agreement between the Issuer, all Noteholders of all Series of Notes, the Security Trustee and each 
Swap Counterparty. The manner of obtaining any other consents of the Noteholders provided for in 
this Agreement and of evidencing the authorisation of the execution thereof by Noteholders will be 
subject to such reasonable requirements as the Security Trustee may prescribe, including the 
establishment of record dates. 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement is duly executed and delivered on the date and the year 
first above written.

--- Page 196 ---
- 196 - 
 
 
ANNEX B 
MASTER DEFINITIONS SCHEDULE 
The following is the text of the Master Definitions Schedule. The text will be attached as Annex B to the 
Conditions of the Notes and constitutes an integral part of the Conditions of the Notes. In case of any overlap 
or inconsistency in the definitions of a term or expression in the Master Definitions Schedule and elsewhere 
in the Base Prospectus, the definitions of the Conditions will prevail.  
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
1.1 
The parties to this Master Definitions Schedule agree that, except where expressly stated to the 
contrary or where the context otherwise requires, the definitions set out below shall apply to terms or 
expressions referred to but not otherwise defined in each Programme Document.   
"12-Months Average Dynamic Net Loss Ratio" means, for any Payment Date, a fraction, 
expressed as a percentage rate, the numerator of which is the sum of the Dynamic Net Loss Ratios 
calculated with respect the last 12 calendar months preceding such Payment Date and the 
denominator of which is 12. 
"€STR" or "Euro Short-Term Rate" means the overnight rate calculated on the basis of unsecured 
borrowing deposit transactions carried out by ECB’s money market statistical reporting agents with 
financial corporations calculated by the European Central Bank. 
"Account Agreement" means the account agreement between the Issuer, the Account Bank, the 
Cash Administrator and the Security Trustee governing the Accounts dated on or about the Signing 
Date. 
"Account Bank" means the bank operating as Cash Collateral Account Bank, the Distribution 
Account Bank, the Swap Termination Payment Account Bank and the Accumulation Account Bank, 
which is The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch. 
"Account Bank Required Ratings" means ratings, solicited or unsolicited of: 
(a) 
either 
(i) 
a long-term unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligations rating 
of "A" from DBRS, or 
(ii) 
a DBRS Critical Obligations Rating of "A (high)" in respect of the relevant entity, or  
(iii) 
if a public rating from DBRS is not available, a DBRS Equivalent Rating with respect 
to the relevant entity's capacity for timely payment of financial commitments equal 
to a long-term rating for unsecured and unguaranteed debt of at least "A" from 
DBRS, and 
(b) 
a long-term rating of at least "A" from S&P Global together with a short-term rating from S&P 
Global of at least "A-1" or a long-term rating from S&P Global of at least "A+". 
"Accounts" means the Cash Collateral Account, the Distribution Account, Counterparty Downgrade 
Collateral Account, the Swap Termination Payment Account and the Accumulation Account, 
collectively. 
"Accrued Interest" means in respect of a Note and any Payment Date the interest which has accrued 
on such Note up to such Payment Date. 
"Accumulation 
Account" 
means 
the 
interest 
bearing 
account 
with 
IBAN 
DE23503303008608409712 held by the Issuer with the Accumulation Account Bank. 
"Accumulation Account Bank" means the bank operating the Accumulation Account, which is The 
Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch. 
"Additional Ancillary Rights" has the meaning given to such term in clause 5.6 of the Receivables 
Purchase Agreement.

--- Page 197 ---
- 197 - 
 
 
 
"Additional Borrowing Date" has the meaning assigned to such term in clause 2.3 (The 
Subordinated Loan) of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Additional Cut-Off Date" means the last day of a Monthly Period elapsing prior to an Additional 
Purchase Date. 
"Additional Discounted Receivables Balance" means, on any Additional Purchase Date, the 
present value on the relevant Cut-off Date of the Additional Lease Receivables to be purchased by 
the Purchaser on such Additional Purchase Date, calculated by using the Lease Receivables 
Discount Rate. 
"Additional Electronic File" means an electronic data file comprising the data relevant for the 
identification of the Purchased Additional Lease Receivables and the related Leased Vehicles, other 
than the personal data of the Lessees. 
"Additional Encrypted List" means an encrypted electronic data file comprising the data relevant 
for the identification of the Purchased Additional Lease Receivables and the related Leased Vehicles, 
including the personal data of the Lessees. 
"Additional Lease Contract" means each contractual framework, as applicable in the form of 
standard business terms (Allgemeine Geschäftsbedingungen) or otherwise, governing (immediately 
prior to any transactions under any Receivables Purchase Agreement) the Seller’s relationship with 
the respective Lessee(s) with regard to Additional Lease Receivables. 
"Additional Leased Vehicles" means, with respect to Additional Lease Receivables, any vehicle 
leased from VWL under an Additional Lease Contract. 
"Additional Lease Receivable" means a lease receivable (in particular a lease instalment) arising 
under an Additional Lease Contract and comprising claims against Lessees in respect of Principal, 
Interest and Lease Administration Fees (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any and all statutory 
claims being commercially equivalent to Principal, Interest and/or Lease Administration Fees) to be 
purchased by the Purchaser on an Additional Purchase Date. 
"Additional Lease Receivables Purchase Price" means the purchase price in respect of the 
Purchased Additional Lease Receivables, which shall equal the sum of: 
(a) 
(A) the sum of the relevant Class A Notes Increase Amount and the relevant Class B Notes 
Increase Amount, plus (B) any Subordinated Loan Increase Amount, and less (C) where 
applicable, amounts required for the endowment of the Cash Collateral Account with the 
respective General Cash Collateral Amount to equal the Specified General Cash Collateral 
Account Balance, plus 
(b) 
(x) the Replenished Additional Discounted Receivables Balance multiplied by (y) one (1) 
minus the Replenished Lease Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage. 
The Additional Lease Receivables Purchase Price must not exceed the sum of the funds available 
from (without double counting): 
(a) 
the issuance of the Further Notes on the respective Further Issue Date; 
(b) 
the Class A Accumulation Amount available on such Further Issue Date; 
(c) 
the Class B Accumulation Amount available on such Further Issue Date; plus 
(d) 
the Subordinated Loan Increase Amount for such Further Issue Date. 
The Additional Lease Receivables Purchase Price shall be free of VAT and shall be debited at the 
Additional Purchase Date from the Accumulation Account (if not already netted) and/or funded from 
the issuance of Further Notes.  
"Additional Purchase Date" means a Payment Date falling in the Revolving Period, as applicable, 
when an additional purchase is made.

--- Page 198 ---
- 198 - 
 
 
 
"Additional Receivables Purchase Agreement" means any additional receivables purchase 
agreement to be entered into at the option of VWL during the Revolving Period on an Additional 
Purchase Date. 
"Additional Rights" means under the Receivables Purchase Agreement certain rights purchased or 
to be purchased by the Issuer associated with the premature termination of the Lease Contracts or 
with the transfer of Lease Receivables. 
"Adherence Letter" means a confirmation letter from a Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser 
substantially in the form of Schedule 1 of the Incorporated Terms Memorandum. 
"Adjustment Spread" means in respect of any Substitute Reference Rate an adjustment spread 
which is recommended by a responsible authority or used in a material number of bonds after 
determination of a Benchmark Event and designed to eliminate or minimise any potential transfer of 
value between parties when the Substitute Reference Rate is applied and eliminate or minimise the 
risk of manipulation. 
"Adverse Claim" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, hypothecation, lien, floating charge or other 
security interest or encumbrance or other right or claim under the laws of any jurisdiction, of or on 
any Person’s assets or properties in favour of any other Person. 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any Person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly by the Person, 
any entity that controls, directly or indirectly the Person or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with such Person (for this purpose, "control" of any entity of Person means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or Person). For the purposes of this definition, 
with respect to the Issuer, "Affiliate" does not include the Corporate Services Provider or any entities 
which the Corporate Services Provider controls. 
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Interest Determination Agent, the Registrar and the Security 
Trustee dated on or about the Signing Date. 
"Agents" means the Calculation Agent, the Interest Determination Agent, the Registrar and the 
Principal Paying Agent, and "Agent" means any one of them. 
"Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance" means at any date the sum of the Discounted 
Receivables Balances for all Lease Contracts of the Programme on such date. 
"Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance Shortfall" has the meaning given to such term in 
clause 16.5 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Aggregate Redeemable Amount" means, at any Payment Date on which Lease Receivables are 
sold pursuant to clause 8.8 (Early settlement/ Clean-Up Call/ sale of Lease Receivables to other 
securitisation vehicles) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement, the difference between (i) the 
aggregate outstanding principal amount of Notes of a certain Series on the preceding Payment Date 
and (ii) the Targeted Remaining Class A Note Balance or Targeted Remaining Class B Note Balance, 
as the case may be. 
"Amortisation Amount" means, with respect to  
(a) 
an Amortising Series of Class A Notes, an amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
if on the relevant Payment Date all outstanding Series of Class A Notes are Non-
Amortising Series, zero; or 
(ii) 
for any Series of Class A Notes which on the relevant Payment Date qualifies as an 
Amortising Series (such Payment Date with respect to such Series referred to as 
the "Class A Series Amortisation Date"), the Amortisation Amount applicable to 
such Series with respect to all following Payment Dates shall be determined as the 
lesser of (A) the principal amount outstanding of such Series and (B) the product of 
(1) the positive difference between the Class A Available Redemption Collections 
minus the sum of the Amortisation Amounts in respect of the other Amortising Series

--- Page 199 ---
- 199 - 
 
 
 
of Class A Notes with an earlier Class A Series Amortisation Date multiplied by (2) 
the Amortisation Factor applicable to such Amortising Series; or 
(iii) 
if on the relevant Payment Date all Series of Class A Notes are Amortising Series, 
the Amortisation Amount for any Series of Class A Notes will be determined as the 
product of (A) the Class A Principal Payment Amount multiplied by (B) the ratio of 
the principal amount outstanding of the relevant Amortising Series of Class A Notes 
on such Payment Date as numerator and the sum of the principal amount 
outstanding of all Series of Class A Notes on such Payment Date as denominator; 
and 
(b) 
an Amortising Series of Class B Notes, an amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
if on the relevant Payment Date all outstanding Series of Class B Notes are Non-
Amortising Series, zero; or 
(ii) 
for any Series of Class B Notes which on the relevant Payment Date qualifies as an 
Amortising Series (such Payment Date with respect to such Series referred to as 
the "Class B Series Amortisation Date"), the Amortisation Amount applicable to 
such Series with respect to all following Payment Dates shall be determined as the 
lesser of (A) the principal amount outstanding of such Series and (B) the product of 
(1) the positive difference between the Class B Available Redemption Collections 
minus the sum of the Amortisation Amounts in respect of the other Amortising Series 
of Class B Notes with an earlier Class B Series Amortisation Date multiplied by (2) 
the Amortisation Factor applicable to such Amortising Series; or 
(iii) 
if on the relevant Payment Date all Series of Class B Notes are Amortising Series, 
the Amortisation Amount for any Series of Class B Notes will be determined as the 
product of (A) the Class B Principal Payment Amount multiplied by (B) the ratio of 
the principal amount outstanding of the relevant Amortising Series of Class B Notes 
on such Payment Date as numerator and the sum of the principal amount 
outstanding of all Series of Class B Notes on such Payment Date as denominator. 
"Amortisation Factor" means, with respect to an Amortising Series and a certain Payment Date, 
the ratio of the principal amount outstanding of such Amortising Series of Notes immediately before 
it commences amortisation as numerator and the sum of the principal amount outstanding of all Non-
Amortising Series of Notes of the same Class and the principal amount outstanding of all Amortising 
Series of Notes of the same Class each as issued on the day immediately preceding the 
commencement of the amortisation of such Amortising Series as denominator, stated as a 
percentage.  
"Amortising Series" means, on any Payment Date,  
(a) 
any Series of Notes for which on or prior to such Payment Date the Series Revolving Period 
Expiration Date has occurred, or  
(b) 
following the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event, all Series of Notes. 
"Ancillary Rights" means the Initial Ancillary Rights and the Additional Ancillary Rights. 
"Applicable Insolvency Law" means any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law 
affecting creditors’ rights now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction. 
"Arranger" means Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank. 
"Articles of Incorporation" means the statutes of VCL Master S.A. under Luxembourg law. 
"Available Distribution Amount" shall, on any Payment Date be an amount equal to the sum of the 
following amounts: 
(a) 
the Lease Receivables Collection Amount, inclusive, for avoidance of doubt, the Monthly 
Collateral (after any relevant netting); plus

--- Page 200 ---
- 200 - 
 
 
 
(b) 
interest accrued on the Accumulation Account and the Distribution Account; plus 
(c) 
Net Swap Receipts under the Swap Agreements and any other amounts included in the 
Available Distribution Amount pursuant to clause 21 (Distribution Account; Accumulation 
Account, swap provisions) of the Trust Agreement; plus 
(d) 
payments from the Cash Collateral Account as provided for in clause 23.4 (Cash Collateral 
Account) of the Trust Agreement; plus 
(e) 
payments from any Relevant Distribution Account made on the immediately preceding 
Payment Date; plus 
(f) 
any repurchase price received from VWL pursuant to clause 6.5(c) of the Receivables 
Purchase Agreement; plus 
(g) 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Accumulation Account after the preceding Payment 
Date; plus 
(h) 
any amount from the preceding Payment Date which remained as a surplus due to the 
rounding under the Notes in accordance with Condition 9(b); plus 
(i) 
any amount to be debited from the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger on such Payment Date 
subject to and in accordance with the relevant mechanics of the Buffer Release Reserve 
Ledger; plus 
(j) 
any Negative Buffer Release Amount, provided that no Reserve Trigger Event has occurred 
and the Buffer Release Reserve has been funded; less 
(k) 
any Positive Buffer Release Amount, provided that no Credit Enhancement Increase 
Condition is in effect. For the avoidance of doubt if a Credit Enhancement Increase Condition 
is in effect, the Positive Buffer Release Amount will remain forming part of the Available 
Distribution Amount as part of the Lease Receivables Collection Amount under limb (a). 
"Base Prospectus" means the base prospectus dated 23 September 2024 and prepared in 
connection with the issue by the Issuer of the Notes. 
"Benchmark Event" means any of the following (i) a public statement by the European Money 
Markets Institute that it will cease publishing EURIBOR or it will not be included in the register under 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed or where there is no mandatory administration), or (ii) a 
public statement by the ESMA that EURIBOR has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or (iii) the applicability of any law or any other legal provision, or of any administrative 
or judicial order, decree or other binding measure, pursuant to which the EURIBOR may no longer 
be used as a reference rate to determine the payment obligations under the Notes and/or under the 
Swap Agreements, or pursuant to which any such use is subject to not only immaterial restrictions or 
adverse consequences. 
"Borrowing Base Cure Amount" has the meaning given to such term in clause 16.5 of the 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Borrowing Date" has the meaning assigned to such term in clause 2.1 (The Subordinated Loan) of 
the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Buffer Release Rate" means, on any Payment Date, (a) a percentage rate per annum calculated 
as (i) the Lease Receivables Discount Rate, less (ii) the weighted average (calculated based on the 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes and the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated 
Loan at the end of the related Monthly Period) of the fixed rates (stated as a percentage) payable by 
the Issuer under the Swap Agreements and an estimate of the hypothetical swap fixed rate (being 
higher than the fixed rate under the Swap Agreements) theoretically needed to swap the floating rate 
interest payments under the Subordinated Loan, less (iii) the Servicer Fee at a rate of 1 per cent. per 
annum, less (iv) 0.03 per cent. for any administrative cost and fees, divided by (b) 12.

--- Page 201 ---
- 201 - 
 
 
 
"Buffer Release Reserve" means the cash reserve maintained on the Buffer Release Reserve 
Ledger from which any shortfall of payments to be made pursuant to items first to ninth of the Order 
of Priority, as set out in clause 22.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement, shall be paid in 
accordance with the Trust Agreement. 
"Buffer Release Reserve Ledger" means the ledger for the Buffer Release Reserve held on the 
Cash Collateral Account. 
"Business Day" means any day on which T2 System is open for business provided that this day is 
also a day on which banks are open for business in London and Luxembourg. 
"Business Vehicles Leasing Agreements" means Lease Contracts generally containing VWL’s 
leasing conditions for business vehicles. 
"Calculation Agent" means HSBC Bank plc. 
"Calculation Check Notice" shall mean a notice to be supplied by the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to clause 6 (The Calculation Agent) of the Agency Agreement in writing. 
"Calculation Checks" means the checks of the Relevant Calculations to be performed by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to clause 6 (The Calculation Agent) of the Agency Agreement. 
"Cash Administration Services" means the services set forth in clause 12.2 (Cash Administration 
Services) of the Account Agreement. 
"Cash Administrator" means The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch. 
"Cash 
Collateral 
Account" 
means 
the 
interest 
bearing 
account 
with 
IBAN 
DE77503303008608409710 held by the Issuer with the Cash Collateral Account Bank. 
"Cash Collateral Account Bank" means the bank operating the Cash Collateral Account, which is 
The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch. 
"CET" means Central European Time as being the local time in Frankfurt am Main and Luxembourg. 
"Check Information" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 5.3 (The Calculation Agent) 
of the Agency Agreement. 
"Class" means in relation to any Series of the Notes either the Class A Notes or the Class B Notes. 
"Class A Accumulation Amount" means, on any Payment Date during the Revolving Period, the 
lesser of (a) the Class A Cash Component and (b) (i) the Class A Available Redemption Collections 
minus (ii) the sum of Amortisation Amounts to be paid with respect to Class A Notes on such Payment 
Date. 
"Class A Actual Overcollateralisation Percentage" means, with respect to any Payment Date, one 
minus the quotient of (a) the Nominal Amount of all outstanding Class A Notes divided by (b) (i) the 
Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance plus (ii) any amounts standing to the credit of the 
Accumulation Account, each as determined as of the end of the Monthly Period. 
"Class A Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance Increase Amount" means, in respect of a 
Payment Date, the amount necessary to increase the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance 
at the end of the Monthly Period to the Class A Targeted Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance. 
"Class A Available Redemption Collections" shall be equal to the Available Distribution Amount 
less any amounts due and payable on the relevant Payment Date under items first through tenth of 
the Order of Priority set out in clause 22.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
"Class A Cash Component" shall be equal to the Class A Aggregate Discounted Receivables 
Balance Increase Amount multiplied by one minus the Replenished Lease Receivables 
Overcollateralisation Percentage.

--- Page 202 ---
- 202 - 
 
 
 
"Class A Notes" means the class A notes of a given Series of Notes. 
"Class A Notes Increase Amount" means, with respect to any Further Issue Date, an amount equal 
to the product of (i) 91.30 per cent. and (ii) the Further Discounted Receivables Balance and as 
rounded down to the nearest EUR 100,000. 
"Class A Notes Interest Rate" has the meaning ascribed to such Term in Condition 8(c) of the Class 
A Notes. 
"Class A Notes Targeted Overcollateralisation Percentage" means: 
(a) 
16.50 per cent. until the expiration of the Revolving Period and until a Credit Enhancement 
Increase Condition shall be in effect;  
(b) 
19.50 per cent. after expiration of the Revolving Period until a Credit Enhancement Increase 
Condition is in effect; and 
(c) 
100 per cent. until the Legal Maturity Date if a Credit Enhancement Increase Condition has 
occurred. 
"Class A Principal Payment Amount" means after the end of the Revolving Period, an aggregate 
amount for any Payment Date which is equal to the amount necessary to reduce the outstanding 
principal amount of the Class A Notes to the Class A Targeted Note Balance. 
"Class A Targeted Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance" means on a given Payment Date 
a fraction the numerator of which is the aggregate principal amount of the Class A Notes after 
application of any Amortisation Amount on such Payment Date and the denominator of which is the 
difference of 100 per cent. minus the Class A Notes Targeted Overcollateralisation Percentage. 
"Class A Targeted Note Balance" means for each series of Class A Notes,  
(a) if the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance at the end of a Monthly Period is less than 10 
per cent. of the Maximum Discounted Receivables Balance, zero; otherwise 
(b) the excess of the sum of: 
(i) the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance at the end of such Monthly Period; plus 
(ii) after expiration of the Revolving Period, the amounts standing to the credit of the 
Accumulation Account at the end of the respective Monthly Period, 
over the Class A Targeted Overcollateralisation Amount  
"Class A Targeted Overcollateralisation Amount" means, on each Payment Date, the Class A 
Notes Targeted Overcollateralisation Percentage multiplied by the sum of: 
(a) 
the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance; and 
(b) 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Accumulation Account, 
in each case at the end of the respective Monthly Period. 
"Class B Actual Overcollateralisation Percentage" means, with respect to any Payment Date, one 
minus the quotient of (a) the Nominal Amount of all outstanding Class A Notes and Class B Notes 
divided by (b) the sum of (i) the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance and (ii) any amounts 
standing to the credit of the Accumulation Account, each as determined as of the end of the Monthly 
Period. 
"Class B Accumulation Amount" means, on any Payment Date during the Revolving Period, the 
lesser of (a) the Class B Cash Component and (b) (i) the Class B Available Redemption Collections 
minus (ii) the sum of Amortisation Amounts to be paid with respect to Class B Notes on such Payment 
Date.

--- Page 203 ---
- 203 - 
 
 
 
"Class B Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance Increase Amount" means, in respect of a 
Payment Date, the amount necessary to increase the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance 
at the end of the Monthly Period to the Class B Targeted Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance 
in excess of the Class A Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance Increase Amount on such 
Payment Date. 
"Class B Available Redemption Collections" shall be equal to the Available Distribution Amount 
less any amounts due and payable on the relevant Payment Date under items first through eleventh 
of the Order of Priority set out in clause 22.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
"Class B Cash Component" shall be equal to the Class B Aggregate Discounted Receivables 
Balance Increase Amount multiplied by one minus the Replenished Lease Receivables 
Overcollateralisation Percentage. 
"Class B Notes" means the class B notes of a given Series of Notes. 
"Class B Notes Increase Amount" means, with respect to any Further Issue Date, an amount equal 
to the product of (i) 3.50  per cent. and (ii) the Further Discounted Receivables Balance and as 
rounded down to the nearest EUR 100,000. 
"Class B Notes Interest Rate" has the meaning ascribed to such Term in Condition 8(c) of the Class 
B Notes. 
"Class B Notes Targeted Overcollateralisation Percentage" means: 
(a) 
13.00 per cent. until the expiration of the Revolving Period and until a Credit Enhancement 
Increase Condition is in effect;  
(b) 
16.00 per cent. after expiration of the Revolving Period until a Credit Enhancement Increase 
Condition is in effect; and 
(c) 
100 per cent. until the Legal Maturity Date if a Credit Enhancement Increase Condition has 
occurred. 
"Class B Principal Payment Amount" means after the end of the Revolving Period, an aggregate 
amount for any Payment Date which is equal to the amount necessary to reduce the outstanding 
principal amount of the Class B Notes to the Class B Targeted Note Balance. 
"Class B Targeted Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance" means on a given Payment 
Date, a fraction the numerator of which is the aggregate principal amount of the Class A Notes and 
the Class B Notes after application of any Amortisation Amounts on such Payment Date and the 
denominator of which is the difference of 100 per cent. minus the Class B Notes Targeted 
Overcollateralisation Percentage. 
"Class B Targeted Note Balance" means for each Series of Class B Notes, 
(a) if the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance at the end of a Monthly Period is less than 10 
per cent. of the Maximum Discounted Receivables Balance, zero; otherwise 
(b) the excess of the sum of: 
(i) the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance at the end of such Monthly Period; plus 
(ii) after expiration of the Revolving Period, the amounts standing to the credit of the 
Accumulation Account at the end of the respective Monthly Period; less 
(iii) the Class A Targeted Note Balance 
over the Class B Targeted Overcollateralisation Amount 
"Class B Targeted Overcollateralisation Amount" means, on each Payment Date, the Class B 
Notes Targeted Overcollateralisation Percentage multiplied by the sum of:

--- Page 204 ---
- 204 - 
 
 
 
(a) 
the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance; and 
(b) 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Accumulation Account,  
in each case at the end of the  Monthly Period. 
"Clean-Up Call" means with respect to the Notes VWL’s right at its option to exercise a clean-up call 
when the Clean-Up Call Condition is satisfied. 
"Clean-Up Call Condition" means that, under the Receivables Purchase Agreements and after the 
end of the Revolving Period, VWL will have the option to exercise a Clean-Up Call and to repurchase 
the Purchased Lease Receivables of the Issuer on any Payment Date when the Aggregate 
Discounted Receivables Balance is on a Payment Date less than 10 per cent. of the Maximum 
Discounted Receivables Balance provided that all payment obligations under the Notes will be 
fulfilled by the proceeds of such repurchase. 
"Clean-Up Call Settlement Amount" means the lesser of  
(a) 
an amount equal to the outstanding Discounted Receivables Balance which would have 
become due if the Clean-Up Call had not occurred, calculated as at the last calendar day of 
the month in which the repurchase is to become effective; and 
(b) 
an amount equal to the theoretical present value of each Purchased Lease Receivables 
remaining to be paid in the future, calculated using a discount rate equal to (i) the weighted 
average (calculated based on the outstanding principal amount of Notes and the outstanding 
principal amount of the Subordinated Loan at the end of the  Monthly Period) of the Class A 
Swap Fixed Rate, the Class B Swap Fixed Rate and an estimate of the hypothetical swap 
fixed rate (being higher than the fixed rate under both Swap Agreements) theoretically 
needed to swap the floating rate interest payments under the Subordinated Loan, plus (ii) 
the Servicer Fee at a rate of 1 per cent. per annum, and plus (iii) 0.03 per cent. for 
administrative costs and fees. It shall be calculated as at the last calendar day of the month 
in which the repurchase is to become effective 
For the purposes of calculating the Clean-Up Call Settlement Amount, the risk of losses inherent to 
the relevant Purchased Lease Receivables shall be taken into account on the basis of the risk status 
of such Purchased Lease Receivables assessed by VWL immediately prior to the repurchase 
becoming effective. 
"Closed End Lease Contract" means any closed end Lease Contract (Vertrag ohne 
Gebrauchtwagenabrechnung), i.e. a Lease Contract with a fixed residual value (based on the 
contractual mileage and term of the contract). 
"Closing Date" means 21 January 2010. 
"Collections" means (a) all collections on Purchased Lease Receivables (other than Excluded 
Collections and collections on Written Off Purchased Lease Receivables) in respect of Principal, 
Interest, Lease Administration Fees and Insurance Proceeds; plus, (b)(i) Compensation Payments, 
Settlement Amounts and Clean-Up Call Settlement Amounts paid by VWL to the Issuer minus (ii) 
Compensation Payments paid by the Issuer to VWL; plus (c) any Monthly Collateral for the respective 
Monthly Period, unless VWL has transferred the collections referred to in (a) and (b) for the respective 
Monthly Period to the Distribution Account. 
"Common Safekeeper" or "CSK" means the entity appointed by the ICSDs to provide safekeeping 
for the Class A Notes under the new safekeeping structure (NSS). 
"Common Terms" means the common terms set out under the heading Common Terms in the 
Incorporated Terms Memorandum and incorporated into the Programme Documents by reference. 
"Company" means VCL Master S.A. acting with respect to its Compartment 1. 
"Compartment" means a compartment of VCL Master S.A. within the meaning of the Luxembourg 
Securitisation Law.

--- Page 205 ---
- 205 - 
 
 
 
"Compartment 1" means the first Compartment of VCL Master S.A. designated to acquire the Lease 
Receivables and related Lease Collateral from VWL under the respective Receivables Purchase 
Agreement. 
"Compensation Payment" means, until a Servicer Insolvency Event has occurred, the 
compensation payment payable (i) by VWL to the Issuer for the negative difference of the Discounted 
Receivables Balance before and after extensions, deferrals, amendments, modifications or 
adjustments on a Lease Contract taking into account all instalments affected by such amendment or 
(ii) by the Issuer to VWL for the positive difference of the Discounted Receivables Balance before 
and after extensions, deferrals, amendments, modifications or adjustments on a Lease Contract 
taking into account all instalments affected by such amendment. 
"Conditions" means the terms and conditions of the respective Notes contained in this Base 
Prospectus. 
"Confirmation Letter" means a letter from the Issuer substantially in the Form of Schedule 5 or 
Schedule 7 of the Programme Agreement. 
"Corporate Services Agreement" means the corporate services agreement entered into by VCL 
Master S.A. and the Corporate Services Provider on or about the Signing Date, as amended and 
restated from time to time, under which the Corporate Services Provider is responsible for the day to 
day activities of VCL Master S.A, and shall provide secretarial, clerical, administrative and related 
services to VCL Master S.A. and maintain the books and records of VCL Master S.A. in accordance 
with applicable laws and regulations of Luxembourg. 
"Corporate Services Provider" means Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. 
"Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account" means, as the case may be, the account to be 
opened with the Distribution Account Bank (and each sub-account in respect thereof) upon the 
downgrade of a Swap Counterparty's rating and the securities account to be opened pursuant to the 
Custody Agreement. 
"CRA3" means the Regulation (EU) No 462/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
21 May 2013 amending Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies. 
"Credit Enhancement Increase Condition" shall be deemed to be in effect if, (a) the Dynamic Net 
Loss Ratio for three consecutive Payment Dates exceeds (i) 0.40 per cent. if the Weighted Average 
Seasoning is less than 12 months, (ii) 1.00 per cent. if the Weighted Average Seasoning is between 
12 months (inclusive) and 24 months (inclusive), (iii) 2.00 per cent. if the Weighted Average 
Seasoning is between 24 months (exclusive) and 36 months (inclusive), or (iv) 2.80 per cent. if the 
Weighted Average Seasoning is greater than 36 months; or (b) the 12-Months Average Dynamic Net 
Loss Ratio exceeds 0.15 per cent. or (c) if the Late Delinquency Ratio exceeds 1.50 per cent. on any 
Payment Date provided that this event will be waived following a Term Takeout if the Issuer receives 
a confirmation from each Rating Agency that the sale of the Lease Receivables will not result in a 
downgrade of the outstanding Notes on or before the Payment Date immediately following the 
occurrence of such event; or (d) in case of the occurrence of a Servicer Replacement Event; or (e) 
in case of the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to VWL; or (f) the Cash Collateral 
Account does not contain the Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance on two consecutive 
Payment Dates; or (g) VWL fails to pay the Negative Buffer Release Amount when due, and such 
failure continues unremedied for a period of thirty (30) calendar days; or (h) VWL fails to fund the 
Buffer Release Reserve in an amount such that the balance on the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger 
is equal to the Required Buffer Release Reserve Amount within thirty (30) calendar days following 
the occurrence of a Reserve Trigger Event. 
"CSSF" means the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier of Luxembourg. 
"Current Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance" has the meaning given to such term in 
clause 16.4(a) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Custodian" means The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch.

--- Page 206 ---
- 206 - 
 
 
 
"Custody Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or about 23 September 2015 between 
the Issuer and the Custodian on opening and maintaining a securities account. 
"Cut-Off Date" means each of the Initial Cut-Off Date and each Additional Cut-Off Date. 
"Data Protection Rules" means, collectively, the rules of German banking secrecy (Bankgeheimnis), 
the provisions of the German Federal Data Protection Act (Bundesdatenschutzgesetz), the Data 
Protection Amendment and Implementation Act (Datenschutzanpassungs- und Umsetzungsgesetz), 
the General Data Protection Regulation (Datenschutzgrundverordnung), the provisions of Circular 
4/97 (Rundschreiben 4/97) of the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority and any other 
applicable data protection law, as such rules are binding VWL in its capacity as a German financial 
institution (Finanzdienstleistungsinstitut) with respect to the Lease Receivables and the Lease 
Collateral from time to time. 
"Data Protection Trust Agreement" means the data protection trust agreement entered into on 20 
September 2019, as amended from time to time, by the Seller, the Data Protection Trustee, the 
Security Trustee and the Issuer. 
"Data Protection Trustee" means Amsterdamsch Trustee's Kantoor B.V. 
"DBRS" means DBRS Ratings GmbH or any successor to its rating business. 
"DBRS Critical Obligations Rating" or "COR" means, in relation to a relevant entity, the public or 
private rating assigned by DBRS which addresses the risk of default of particular obligations and/or 
exposures of the relevant entity that in the view of DBRS have a higher probability of being excluded 
from bail-in and remaining in a continuing bank in the event of the resolution of a troubled bank than 
other senior unsecured obligations. A COR assigned by DBRS to the relevant entity will be indicated 
on the website of DBRS (www.dbrs.com). 
"DBRS Equivalent Chart" means: 
DBRS 
Moody's 
S&P Global 
Fitch 
AAA 
Aaa 
AAA 
AAA 
AA(high) 
Aa1 
AA+ 
AA+ 
AA 
Aa2 
AA 
AA 
AA(low) 
Aa3 
AA- 
AA- 
A(high) 
A1 
A+ 
A+ 
A 
A2 
A 
A 
A(low) 
A3 
A- 
A- 
BBB(high) 
Baa1 
BBB+ 
BBB+ 
BBB 
Baa2 
BBB 
BBB 
BBB(low) 
Baa3 
BBB- 
BBB- 
BB(high) 
Ba1 
BB+ 
BB+ 
BB 
Ba2 
BB 
BB 
BB(low) 
Ba3 
BB- 
BB- 
B(high) 
B1 
B+ 
B+ 
B 
B2 
B 
B 
B(low) 
B3 
B- 
B- 
CCC(high) 
Caa1 
CCC+ 
CCC 
CCC 
Caa2 
CCC 
CCC(low) 
Caa3 
CCC- 
CC 
Ca 
CC 
C 
D 
C 
D 
D 
 
"DBRS Equivalent Rating" means with respect to any issuer rating or senior unsecured debt rating 
(or other rating equivalent), (i) if a Fitch public rating, a Moody's public rating and an S&P Global 
public rating are all available, (a) the remaining rating (upon conversion on the basis of the DBRS 
Equivalent Chart) once the highest and the lowest rating have been excluded or (b) in the case of 
two or more same ratings, any of such ratings (upon conversion on the basis of the DBRS Equivalent 
Chart); (ii) if the DBRS Equivalent Rating cannot be determined under paragraph (i) above, but public 
ratings by any two of Fitch, Moody's and S&P Global are available, the lower rating available (upon

--- Page 207 ---
- 207 - 
 
 
 
conversion on the basis of the DBRS Equivalent Chart); and (iii) if the DBRS Equivalent Rating cannot 
be determined under paragraph (i) or paragraph (ii) above, and therefore only a public rating by one 
of Fitch, Moody's and S&P Global is available, such rating will be the DBRS Equivalent Rating (upon 
conversion on the basis of the DBRS Equivalent Chart). 
"Dealer Guarantee Commitment" means the Purchase Price guaranteed by a vehicles dealer for a 
Closed End Lease Contract at the contractual expiration of such contract. 
"Defaulted Amount" has the meaning as set out in clause 21.7 (Distribution Account; Accumulation 
Account; swap provisions) of the Trust Agreement. 
"Delinquent Lease Contract" means each and any Lease Contract for which (i) one or more Lease 
Receivable instalments are overdue, or (ii) where VWL has terminated such Lease Contract. 
"Delinquent Lease Receivables" means each and any Lease Receivables for which one or more 
scheduled instalments are overdue.  
"Determination Date" means the second (2nd) Business Day prior to the first (1st) day of a Monthly 
Period. 
"Discount Rate Variation Option" has the meaning given to such term in clause 16.1 of the 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Discount Rate Variation Option Notice" has the meaning given to such term in clause 16.6(b) of 
the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Discounted Expectancy Rights Balance" means at the end of any Monthly Period the present 
value of the remaining residual value represented by the Expectancy Rights, calculated using the 
Expectancy Rights Discount Rate. 
"Discounted Receivables Balance" means at the end of any Monthly Period the present value of 
the remaining Lease Receivables (excluding any Written Off Purchased Lease Receivables), 
calculated using Lease Receivables Discount Rate. 
"Distributable Amount" has the meaning given to such term in clause 18.2(d) of the Trust 
Agreement. 
"Distribution Account" means the interest bearing account with IBAN DE50503303008608409711 
held by the Issuer with the Distribution Account Bank. 
"Distribution Account Bank" means the bank operating the Distribution Account, which is The Bank 
of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch. 
"Dynamic Net Loss Ratio" means, for any Payment Date, a fraction, expressed as a percentage 
rate, the numerator of which is the sum of the Discounted Receivables Balance of all Lease 
Receivables (including Lease Receivables which were not received on time and Lease Receivables 
remaining to be paid in the future) at the time they were charged-off by the Servicer in accordance 
with its customary practices (and just before they became Written Off Purchased Leased 
Receivables), as measured during the Monthly Period and the denominator of which is the Aggregate 
Discounted Receivables Balance at the beginning of the Monthly Period. 
"Early Amortisation Event" shall mean any of the following: (i) the occurrence of a Foreclosure 
Event, (ii) the amounts deposited in the Accumulation Account on two consecutive Payment Dates 
exceed 15 per cent. of the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance, after application of the 
relevant Order of Priority on such Payment Date, (iii) the Credit Enhancement Increase Condition is 
in effect, (iv) the failure by the Issuer to enter following an event of default or a termination event (as 
defined in the applicable Swap Agreement) into a replacement Swap Agreement or failure by the 
respective Swap Counterparty to post collateral, in each case within the time period specified in the 
applicable Swap Agreement, (each as provided for in clause 21 (Distribution Account; Accumulation 
Account; swap provisions) of the Trust Agreement or to take any other measure which does not result 
in a downgrade of the Notes, (v) on any Payment Date falling after six consecutive Payment Dates 
following the Closing Date, the Class A Actual Overcollateralisation Percentage is determined as

--- Page 208 ---
- 208 - 
 
 
 
being lower than 8.7 per cent. or the Class B Actual Overcollateralisation Percentage is determined 
as being lower than 5.2 per cent. or (vi) VWL ceases to be an Affiliate of Volkswagen Bank GmbH or 
any successor thereto. 
"Early Settlement" means cases in which VWL is to pay certain sums to the Issuer due to a demand 
of the Issuer vis-à-vis VWL to retransfer Lease Receivables and the related Lease Collateral under 
a contract in certain circumstances as contractual remedy including inter alia the assertion of 
invalidity of the Lease Contracts or of rights to refuse to perform by the Lessee as well a reduction of 
the Purchased Lease Receivables due to any amendment to the relevant Lease Contract. 
"EC Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Community (signed in Rome on 25 March, 
1957), as amended by the Treaty on European Union (signed in Maastricht on 7 February, 1992), as 
amended by the Treaty of Amsterdam (signed in Amsterdam on 2 November, 1997), as amended by 
the Treaty of Nice (signed in Nice on 26 February, 2001) and as amended by the Treaty of Lisbon 
(signed in Lisbon on 13 December 2007 and in force since 1 December 2009). 
"EEA" means the European Economic Area established under the "The Agreement creating the 
European Economic Area" entered into force on 1 January 2004. 
"Eligible Collateral Bank" means an international recognised bank with the Account Bank Required 
Ratings. 
"Eligible Swap Counterparty" means any entity 
(a) 
the long-term unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligations or DBRS 
Critical Obligations Rating of which are rated by DBRS at least (i) "A" or (ii) "BBB" and which 
posts collateral in the amount and manner set forth in the Swap Agreement; or which obtains 
a guarantee from a person having long-term unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated 
debt obligations of which are rated by DBRS at least (x) "A" or (y) "BBB" and, in the case of 
a rating required pursuant to (y), posts collateral in the amount and manner set forth in the 
Swap Agreement; or in each case, if the relevant entity's long-term unsecured, unguaranteed 
and unsubordinated debt obligations are not rated by DBRS or such entity does not have a 
DBRS Critical Obligations Rating, if applicable, such debt obligations have at least a DBRS 
Equivalent Rating corresponding to the ratings required pursuant to (i) or (ii) above, 
respectively; and 
(b) 
having (i) a rating of not less than the counterparty ratings for the S&P Collateral Framework 
Option then in effect pursuant to the Swap Agreement; or (ii) having the Minimum S&P 
Collateralised Counterparty Rating and posts collateral in the amount and manner set forth 
in the Swap Agreements or (iii) obtaining a guarantee from a party having the minimum 
required counterparty ratings for the S&P Collateral Framework Option then in effect. 
"Enforcement Event" means a Foreclosure Event and the Security Trustee has served an 
Enforcement Notice upon the Issuer. 
"Enforcement Notice" means a notice delivered by the Security Trustee on the Issuer upon the 
occurrence of a Foreclosure Event (in the sole judgement of the Security Trustee upon request of 
the Noteholders holding not less than 66 2/3 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the Class 
A Notes or, if no Class A Notes are outstanding, more than 66 2/3 per cent. of the outstanding principal 
amount of the Class B Notes, whereby Notes owned by VW Bank or its affiliates, if any, will not be 
taken into account for the determination of the required majority of 66 2/3 per cent. of the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes) stating that the Security Trustee commences with the 
enforcement of the Security pursuant to the procedures set out in the relevant Security Documents. 
"English Process Agent" means Intertrust Management Limited. 
"ESMA" means the European Securities and Markets Authority. 
"ESTR" means Euro Short-Term Rate. 
"EU" means the European Union.

--- Page 209 ---
- 209 - 
 
 
 
"EU Member State" means, as the context may require, a member state of the European Union or 
of the European Economic Area. 
"EUR" or "EURO" or "€" means the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that 
have adopted the single currency in accordance with the EC Treaty. 
"EURIBOR" (Euro Interbank Offered Rate) means for each Interest Accrual Period, except as 
provided below, the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in 
Euro for that Interest Accrual Period which appears on the Reuters 3000 page EURIBOR01 (the 
"Screen Page") at 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the second Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Accrual Period.  
(a) 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation appears thereon, in each case as 
at such time, the Interest Determination Agent shall in consultation with the Issuer determine 
EURIBOR on the basis of such other screen rate as agreed between the Issuer and the 
Interest Determination Agent. If the Interest Determination Agent cannot determine 
EURIBOR on the basis of such other screen rate as agreed, EURIBOR shall be the offered 
quotation or the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations on the Screen Page, on the last 
day preceding the second Business Day prior to the commencement of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period on which such quotations were offered. 
(b) 
Following a Benchmark Event, the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, shall be entitled, in 
coordination with the Security Trustee, to determine a Substitute Reference Rate in its due 
discretion which shall replace the EURIBOR affected by such Benchmark Event. Any 
Substitute Reference Rate shall apply from (and including) the interest determination date 
determined by the Issuer in its due discretion, which shall be no earlier than on the second 
Business Day, prior to the commencement of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, falling on 
or immediately following the date of the Benchmark Event, with first effect for the Interest 
Accrual Period for which the Class A Notes Interest Rate and the Class B Notes Interest 
Rate, as the case may be, is determined. If the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, decides to 
determine a Substitute Reference Rate, the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, in coordination 
with the Security Trustee, shall weigh up the interests of the Noteholders, any Swap 
Counterparty and the Issuer's own interests and determine the Substitute Reference Rate 
and any adjustment, if any, in a manner that to the greatest possible extent upholds the 
economic character of the Notes for either side (the "Substitution Objective"). 
Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, will in 
the following sequential order: 
(i) 
firstly, implement an Official Substitution Concept;  
(ii) 
secondly, if paragraph (i) above is not available, implement an Industry Solution; or  
(iii) 
thirdly, if paragraphs (i) and (ii) above are not available, implement a Generally 
Accepted Market Practice; or  
(iv) 
fourthly, if paragraphs (i) to (iii) above are not available, apply any unsecured or 
secured overnight money market reference rate calculated by the European Central 
Bank or any other third party on swap basis (overnight index swap – OIS); or  
(v) 
fifthly, if paragraphs (i) to (iv) above are not available, determine €STR for the 
Relevant Period to be the Substitute Reference Rate. 
(c) 
If the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, determines a Substitute Reference Rate, it shall also 
be entitled to make, in its due discretion, any such procedural determinations relating to the 
determination of the current Substitute Reference Rate (e.g. the interest determination date, 
the relevant time, the relevant screen page for obtaining the Substitute Reference Rate and 
the fallback provisions in the event that the relevant screen page is not available) and to 
make such adjustments to the definition of "Business Day" in and the business day 
convention provisions in which in accordance with the generally accepted market practice 
are necessary or expedient to make the substitution of the EURIBOR by the Substitute 
Reference Rate operative. To the extent that the Servicer applies a Substitute Reference

--- Page 210 ---
- 210 - 
 
 
 
Rate, the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, shall be entitled to determine an Adjustment 
Spread, if applicable. 
If the Servicer (on behalf of the Issuer) uses an overnight rate as Substitute Reference Rate 
in accordance with (i) above, the interest rate shall be a quote-based rate for tradable EUR 
interest swaps derived from the respective overnight rate looking forward (rate for overnight 
indexed swaps) for the relevant Interest Accrual Period calculated on such date as 
determined by the Servicer (on behalf of the Issuer) in its reasonable discretion and in 
accordance with prevailing market standards, if any. 
The Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, is entitled, but not obliged, to determine, in its due 
discretion, a Substitute Reference Rate pursuant to this provisions several times in relation 
to the same Benchmark Event, provided that each later determination is better suitable than 
the earlier one to realise the Substitution Objective and each determination shall be subject 
to prior coordination with the Security Trustee. This paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis 
in the event of a Benchmark Event occurring in relation to any Substitute Reference Rate 
previously determined by the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer. 
If the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, has determined a Substitute Reference Rate following 
the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, it will cause the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, 
the Substitute Reference Rate determined by it and any further determinations of it pursuant 
to this paragraph associated therewith to be notified to the Interest Determination Agent, the 
Paying Agent, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 11 as soon as possible, but in no event later than two Business Days following the 
determination of the Substitute Reference Rate but in no event later than the first day of the 
Interest Accrual Period to which the Substitute Reference Rate applies for the first time. For 
the avoidance of doubt, if the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, should not determine a 
Substitute Reference Rate, the fallback provisions pursuant to paragraph (a) above shall 
apply. 
(d) 
For the purpose of this definition the following definitions shall apply: 
"Generally Accepted Market Practice" means the use of a certain reference rate, subject 
to certain adjustments (if any), as substitute rate for the EURIBOR or of provisions, 
contractual or otherwise, providing for a certain procedure to determine payment obligations 
which would otherwise have been determined by reference to the EURIBOR in a material 
number of bond issues following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, or any other 
generally accepted market practice to replace the EURIBOR as reference rate for the 
determination of payment obligations. 
"Industry Solution" means any statement by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association (ISDA), the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA), the Association 
for Financial Markets in Europe (AFME), the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (SIFMA), the SIFMA Asset Management Group (SIFMA AMG), the Loan 
Markets Association (LMA), the Deutsche Kreditwirtschaft (DK), the Bundesverband 
Öffentlicher Banken Deutschlands (VÖB), the Deutsche Sparkassen- und Giroverband 
(DSGV), the Bundesverband deutscher Banken (BdB), the Bundesverband der Deutschen 
Volksbanken und Raiffeisenbanken (BVR), the Deutscher Derivate Verband (DDV) or any 
other private association of the financial industry pursuant to which a certain reference rate, 
subject to certain adjustments (if any), should or could be used to replace the EURIBOR or 
pursuant to which a certain procedure should or could be used in order to determine payment 
obligations which would otherwise be determined by reference to the EURIBOR. 
"Official Substitution Concept" means any binding or non-binding statement by any central 
bank, supervisory authority or supervisory or expert body of the financial sector established 
under public law or composed of publically appointed members pursuant to which a certain 
reference rate, subject to certain adjustments (if any), should or could be used to replace the 
EURIBOR or pursuant to which a certain procedure should or could be used in order to 
determine payment obligations which would otherwise be determined by reference to the 
EURIBOR.

--- Page 211 ---
- 211 - 
 
 
 
"Relevant Period" means the number of weeks until an Official Substitution Concept, an 
Industry Solution or a Generally Accepted Market Practice has been implemented. 
"Eurosystem" comprises the European Central Bank and the national central banks of those 
countries that have adopted the euro. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprising member states of the European Union that have adopted 
the single currency, the euro, in accordance with the EC Treaty. 
"EU Insolvency Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2015/848 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast), as amended by Regulation (EU) 
2021/2260 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 December 2021. 
"EUWA" means the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 as amended by the European Union 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020. 
"Event of Default" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 11 (Events and Default) of the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Excess Swap Collateral" means, in respect of a Swap Agreement, an amount (which shall be 
transferred directly to the Swap Counterparty in accordance with the Swap Agreement) equal to the 
amount by which the value of the collateral (or the applicable part of any collateral) provided by the 
Swap Counterparty to the Issuer pursuant to the Swap Agreement exceeds the Swap Counterparty's 
liability under the Swap Agreement as at the date of termination of the Swap Agreement or which it 
is otherwise entitled to have returned to it under the terms of the Swap Agreement. 
"Excluded Collections" means collections on a Lease Receivable which relate to (i) the VAT portion 
contained in such Lease Receivable, or (ii) insurance premiums payable under the relevant Lease 
Contract, or (iii) payments owed for the service components contained in certain Lease Contracts, 
such as the services referred to in section of II. (Umfang der vom Leasing-Geber zu erbringenden 
Dienstleistungen) of VWL's 'lease terms and conditions for large or special customers' (Groß-
/Sonderkunden-Leasing-Bedingungen der Volkswagen Leasing GmbH) or as otherwise specified in 
the respective business conditions of VWL applicable from time to time and including, in particular, 
maintenance 
and 
similar 
services 
in 
respect 
of 
Leased 
Vehicles 
('Wartung 
und 
Verschleißreparaturen', 'Reifenwechsel nach Bedarf'), or (iv) additional charges for excess kilometres 
or for an excessive use of a Leased Vehicle. 
"Expectancy Rights" means any expectancy right (Anwartschaftsrecht) in respect of a Leased 
Vehicle resulting from the transfer of security title by VWL to the Leased Vehicle to the Purchaser 
under the Receivables Purchase Agreement subject to the resolutory condition (auflösende 
Bedingung) of the earlier of (i) satisfaction of all of the Purchaser’s current and future claims against 
VWL arising from the relevant Additional Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Servicing 
Agreement, including all future damage claims pursuant to section 280(1) in connection with section 
280(3) (Schadensersatz statt der Leistung) of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) and 
including all claims arising out of a withdrawal from the relevant Additional Receivables Purchase 
Agreement, or (ii) the occurrence of a Lease Contract Termination Event in respect of a Lease 
Contract relating to such Leased Vehicle. 
"Expectancy Rights Discount Rate" means 4.338 per cent. 
"Expectancy Rights Purchaser Notes" means any notes issued by a Relevant Expectancy Rights 
Purchaser with a view to refinancing the acquisition of Expectancy Rights from VWL. 
"Expectancy Rights Related Collateral" means rights and claims appertaining to the Expectancy 
Rights and the corresponding Final Payment Receivable 
"Expectancy Rights Trustee" means Intertrust Trustees Limited. 
"Expenses" has the meaning as set out in clause 13.1 (Indemnity and Liability) of the Account 
Agreement or in clause 8.1 (Indemnity and Liability) of the Agency Agreement, respectively.

--- Page 212 ---
- 212 - 
 
 
 
"Extension Letter" means an extension letter by the Issuer to the respective Noteholder in a form 
as attached as Schedule 1 to the Conditions. 
"FATCA" means: 
(a) 
sections 1471 to 1474 of the US Internal Revenue Code and the Treasury regulations and 
official guidance issued thereunder, as amended from time to time ("US FATCA");  
(b) 
any inter-governmental agreement between the United States and any other jurisdiction 
entered into in connection with US FATCA (an "IGA"); 
(c) 
any treaty, law, regulation or official guidance enacted, issued or amended in any jurisdiction 
which facilitates the implementation of US FATCA or an IGA ("Implementing Law"); and 
(d) 
any agreement entered into with the US Internal Revenue Service, the US government or 
any governmental or Tax authority in any other jurisdiction in connection with US FATCA, 
an IGA or any Implementing Law; 
"FATCA Deduction" means a deduction or withholding from a payment under a Programme 
Document required by FATCA; 
"Final Discharge Date" means the date on which the Security Trustee notifies the Issuer and the 
Programme Creditors that it is satisfied that all the Secured Obligations and/or all other monies and 
other liabilities due or owing by the Issuer have been paid or discharged. 
"Final Payment Receivable" means any final payment receivable relating to an Expectancy Right 
acquired by an Expectancy Rights Purchaser, including, but not limited to, a Lessee’s obligation to 
make 
additional 
payments 
under 
Closed 
End 
Lease 
Contracts 
(Verträge 
mit 
Gebrauchtwagenabrechnung) in accordance with the respective Lease Contract and any additional 
payments by the respective Lessee for excess kilometres. 
"Final Terms" means the final terms to the Base Prospectus which will be prepared for each issue 
of Notes. 
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Limited or any successor to its rating business. 
"Foreclosure Event" means any of the following events: 
(a) 
with respect to VCL Master S.A. an Insolvency Event occurs; or 
(b) 
the Issuer does not pay interest on the most senior Class of Notes then outstanding on any 
relevant Payment Date and such failure to pay continues for a period of five (5) Business 
Days; or 
(c) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of principal of any Note on the Legal Maturity Date. 
It is understood that the interest and principal on the Notes other than interest on the Class A Notes 
then outstanding will not be due and payable on any Payment Date prior to the Legal Maturity Date 
except to the extent there are sufficient funds in the Available Distribution Amount to pay such 
amounts in accordance with the Order of Priority. 
"FSMA" means the United Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. 
"Funding" means the Notes and the Subordinated Loan. 
"Further Discounted Receivables Balance" means on any Additional Purchase Date, the 
Additional Discounted Receivables Balance of the Purchased Additional Lease Receivables sold 
under the Additional Receivables Purchase Agreement less the Replenished Additional Discounted 
Receivables Balance. 
"Further Issue Date" means each day which shall be a Payment Date on which Further Notes are 
issued, provided that with respect to each Series of Notes such date shall in no event be later than

--- Page 213 ---
- 213 - 
 
 
 
the Payment Date immediately preceding the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date applicable to 
such Series. 
"Further Lease Receivables Overcollateralisation Amount" means, with respect to any Further 
Issue Date, an amount equal to the product of (i) the Further Lease Receivables Overcollateralisation 
Percentage and (ii) the Further Discounted Receivables Balance. 
"Further Lease Receivables Overcollaterisation Percentage" means 0.95 per cent. 
"Further Notes" means any notes of each series of any Class of the floating rate asset backed notes 
issued by VCL Master S.A. with respect to its Compartment 1 on any Further Issue Date with a 
maximum total nominal amount of EUR 4,000,000,000, consisting of up to 40,000 individual Notes, 
each in the Nominal Amount of EUR 100,000. 
"Future Discounted Receivables Balance" means, at the beginning of a Monthly Period, the 
present value of the Purchased Lease Receivables scheduled to be paid in the future, calculated 
using a discount rate equal to the Lease Receivables Discount Rate. 
"General Cash Collateral Amount" means all funds in the Cash Collateral Account (other than any 
funds standing to the credit of the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger). 
"General Data Protection Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016. 
"German Banking Act" means the banking act (Kreditwesengesetz) of Germany, as amended or 
restated from time to time. 
"German Civil Code" means the civil code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) of Germany, as amended or 
restated from time to time. 
"German Commercial Code" means the commercial code (Handelsgesetzbuch) of Germany, as 
amended or restated from time to time. 
"German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority" means the German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), including its predecessors 
and any potential successor(s). 
"German Tax Residents" means Persons whose residence, habitual abode, statutory seat, or place 
of effective management and control is located in Germany. 
"Germany" means the Federal Republic of Germany. 
"Global Note" means in respect of each Class of Notes the global registered notes without coupons 
attached representing each such Class as more specifically described in Condition 1(b). 
"Governmental Authority" means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision 
thereof, any central bank (or similar monetary or regulatory authority) thereof, any body or entity 
exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to a 
government, including without limitation any court, and any Person owned or controlled, through 
stock or capital ownership or otherwise, by any of the foregoing including for the avoidance of doubt 
the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority. 
"ICSDs Agreement" means the ICSDs agreement entered into by the Issuer and the ICSDs before 
any Notes in NSS form will be accepted by the ICSDs. 
"Incorporated Terms Memorandum" means the memorandum signed by the Programme Parties 
on or about 23 September 2014 for the purposes of identification, as amended and restated from 
time to time. 
"Initial Ancillary Rights" has the meaning given to such term in clause 3.6 of the Receivables 
Purchase Agreement. 
"Initial Cut-Off Date" means 31 December 2009.

--- Page 214 ---
- 214 - 
 
 
 
"Initial Electronic File" means an electronic data file comprising the data relevant for the 
identification of the Lease Receivables purchased on the Closing Date and the related Leased 
Vehicles, other than the personal data of the Lessees. 
"Initial Encrypted List" means an encrypted electronic data file comprising the data relevant for the 
identification of the Lease Receivables purchased on the Closing Date and the related Leased 
Vehicles, including the personal data of the Lessees. 
"Initial Issue" means the issue of the Initial Notes by the Issuer. 
"Initial Issue Date" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the day on which the Initial Notes of such 
Series are issued as set out in the respective Final Terms. 
"Initial Lease Contract" means each contractual framework, as applicable in the form of standard 
business terms (Allgemeine Geschäftsbedingungen) or otherwise, governing (immediately prior to 
any transactions under any Receivables Purchase Agreement) the Seller’s relationship with the 
respective Lessee(s) with regard to Initial Lease Receivables. 
"Initial Leased Vehicles" means, with respect to an Initial Lease Receivable, the related vehicle 
leased from VWL under a Lease Contract. 
"Initial Lease Receivable" means a lease receivable (in particular a lease instalment) arisen under 
an Initial Lease Contract and comprising claims against Lessees in respect of Principal, Interest and 
Lease Administration Fees (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any and all statutory claims being 
commercially equivalent to Principal, Interest and/or Lease Administration Fees) which have been 
purchased by the Purchaser on the Closing Date. 
"Initial Lease Receivables Purchase Price" means the purchase price in respect of Purchased 
Initial Lease Receivables and is calculated as the sum of the Purchased Initial Lease Receivables 
discounted by the Lease Receivables Discount Rate, less (i) an amount of EUR 4,402,934.09 for 
overcollateralisation purposes, less (ii) an amount of EUR 4,830,000.00 for the endowment of the 
Cash Collateral Account and less (iii) certain costs related to the issue of the Initial Notes. 
"Initial Notes" means the floating rate asset backed notes of each Series issued by the Issuer on 
each Initial Issue Date. 
"Initial Receivables Purchase Agreement" means the receivables purchase agreement originally 
entered into between the Issuer, the Seller, the Expectancy Rights Trustee and the Security Trustee 
on or about the Signing Date, as amended from time to time. 
"Insolvency Event" means, with respect to VCL Master S.A., Seller, Servicer or Security Trustee, 
as the case may be, the occurrence of the following events: (i) the making of an assignment, 
conveyance, composition or marshalling of assets for the benefit of its creditors generally or any 
substantial portion of its creditors; (ii) the application for, seeking of, consent to, or acquiescence in, 
the appointment of a receiver, custodian, trustee, liquidator or similar official for it or a substantial 
portion of its property; (iii) the initiation of any case, action or proceedings before any court or 
Governmental Authority against it under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, 
bankruptcy, receivership, dissolution, reorganisation, winding-up, relief of debtors, stabilisation, 
restructuring or other similar laws and such proceedings not being disputed in good faith with a 
reasonable prospect of discontinuing or discharging the same; (iv) the levy or enforcement of a 
distress or execution or other process upon or sued out against the whole or any substantial portion 
of its undertaking or assets and such possession or process (as the case may be) not being 
discharged or otherwise ceasing to apply within sixty (60) days; (v) initiation or consent to any case, 
action or proceedings in any court or Governmental Authority relating to it under any applicable 
liquidation, insolvency, composition, bankruptcy, receivership, dissolution, reorganisation, winding-
up, relief of debtors or other similar laws; (vi) an order being made against it or an effective resolution 
being passed for its winding-up; or (vii) it is deemed generally unable to pay its debts within the 
meaning of any liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws in the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or establishment (provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
assignment, charge, pledge or lien made by the Issuer for the benefit of the Security Trustee under

--- Page 215 ---
- 215 - 
 
 
 
the Trust Agreement or the Security Assignment Deed shall not constitute an Insolvency Event in 
respect of the Issuer). 
"Institution" means a German credit institution or financial services institution (including a German 
branch of a non-German credit institution or financial services institution, but excluding a non-German 
branch of a German credit institution or financial services institution). 
"Insurance Claims" means any claims against any car insurer in relation to any damaged Leased 
Vehicle. 
"Insurance Proceeds" means any proceeds or monetary benefit in respect of any Insurance Claims. 
"Interest" means in respect of any Lease Receivable, each of the scheduled periodic payments of 
interest (if any) payable by the Lessee as provided for in accordance with the terms of the relevant 
Lease Contract. 
"Interest Accrual Period" shall mean, unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties, the period 
from (and including) a Payment Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Payment Date; provided 
that any initial Interest Accrual Period shall be the period from (and including) the relevant Issue Date 
to (but excluding) the first Payment Date. 
"Interest Determination Agent" means HSBC Bank plc. 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 7.7 (Duties of 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and Interest Determination Agent) of the Agency 
Agreement. 
"Interest Shortfall" means the Accrued Interest which is not paid on a Note on the Payment Date 
related to the Interest Accrual Period in which it accrued, including but not limited to any Accrued 
Interest resulted from correction of any miscalculation of interest payable on a Note related to the 
last Interest Accrual Period immediately prior to the Payment Date. 
"International Central Securities Depositary" or "ICSD" means Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear, and "ICSDs" means both Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear collectively. 
"ISIN" means the international securities identification number pursuant to the ISO – 6166 Standard. 
"ISO" means the International Organisation for Standardisation.  
"Issue" means the issue of the Notes by the Issuer. 
"Issue Date" means each of the Initial Issue Date and each Further Issue Date. 
"Issue Notice" means a notice by the Issuer in a form as attached as Schedule 5 to the Programme 
Agreement. 
"Issuer" means VCL Master S.A., acting for and on behalf of its Compartment 1, having its registered 
office at 22-24 boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, registered with the Luxembourg register of 
commerce and companies under registration number B 149052. 
"Late Delinquency Lease Receivables" means each and any Lease Receivable for which one or 
more scheduled instalments are more than six (6) calendar months overdue. 
"Late Delinquency Ratio" means, expressed as a percentage, the ratio of (i) Late Delinquency 
Lease Receivables at the end of any Monthly Period as nominator and (ii) the Aggregate Discounted 
Receivables Balance at the end of such Monthly Period as denominator. 
"Lead Manager" means Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 12 place des Etats-Unis, 
CS 70052, 92547 Montrouge Cedex, France. 
"Lease Administration Fee" means the lease administration fee (Bearbeitungsgebühr) relating to a 
Lease Receivable (i) which fee has become payable in accordance with the terms of the relevant

--- Page 216 ---
- 216 - 
 
 
 
Lease Contracts and (ii) that is capitalised by VWL in accordance with VWL’s customary accounting 
practice in effect from time to time prior to the sale of such Lease Receivables to the Issuer under 
the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Lease Collateral" means (i) security title (Sicherungseigentum) in respect of Leased Vehicles, (ii) 
Insurance Claims, (iii) damage claims arising from a breach of contract or in tort against the Lessee, 
(iv) any claims against third parties due to damage or loss of Leased Vehicles, (v) and any other 
collateral provided by the Lessee to VWL under or in connection with the relevant Lease Contract; in 
each case to the extent and subject as acquired by VWL and excludes, for the avoidance of doubt, 
the Expectancy Rights, the Final Payment Receivables and the Expectancy Rights Related 
Collateral. 
"Lease Contract" means each contractual framework, as applicable in the form of standard business 
terms (Allgemeine Geschäftsbedingungen) or otherwise, governing (immediately prior to any 
transactions under any Receivables Purchase Agreement) the Seller’s relationship with the 
respective Lessee(s) with regard to the Lease Receivables. 
"Lease Contract Termination Event" means the termination of the Lease Contract including, 
without limitation: 
(a) 
termination due to contractual lapse of contract (Ablauf der regulären, ursprünglich 
vereinbarten Leasingdauer); or 
(b) 
rescission of the Lease Contract by the Lessee (Rücktritt des Leasingnehmers); or 
(c) 
termination due to good cause (Kündigung aus wichtigem Grund). 
"Leased Vehicles" means the Initial Leased Vehicles and/or the Additional Leased Vehicles. 
"Lease Receivables" means the Initial Lease Receivables and/or the Additional Lease Receivables, 
to be purchased by the Issuer.  
"Lease Receivables Collection Amount" means (i) Collections received or collected by the 
Servicer, plus (ii) amounts which have been allocated to the Issuer pursuant to clause 18.2(d) 
(Enforcement and Sale of the Leased Vehicles) of the Trust Agreement. 
"Lease Receivables Discount Rate" means 5.7016 per cent. per annum; discounting shall take 
place on the basis of one year of 360 days being equivalent to 12 months, each month consisting of 
30 days. 
"Lease Receivables Subordinated Loan Amount" has the meaning given to such term in the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Legal Maturity Date" means the Payment Date falling in September 2031. 
"Lessee" means, in respect of a Lease Receivable, a Person (including consumers and businesses) 
to whom the Seller has leased one or more vehicles on the terms of a Lease Contract. 
"Lessee Notification Event" means the earlier of (i) the institution of insolvency proceedings in 
respect of VWL and/or (ii) non-compliance of VWL with its statutory obligation to transfer any VAT 
(Umsatzsteuer) on the Lease Receivables to the tax office when such VAT becomes due and/or (iii) 
any notification in connection with a Servicer Replacement Event. 
"Losses" has the meaning as set out in clause 13.1 (Indemnity and Liability) of the Account 
Agreement or in clause 9.1 (Indemnity and Liability) of the Agency Agreement, respectively. 
"Luxembourg" means the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
"Luxembourg Companies Law" means the Luxembourg law on commercial companies of 10 
August 1915, as amended from time to time.

--- Page 217 ---
- 217 - 
 
 
 
"Luxembourg Securitisation Law" means the Luxembourg law on securitisation of 22 March 2004, 
as amended. 
"Luxembourg Stock Exchange" means société de la bourse de Luxembourg. 
"Margin" means the margin specified under item 7 in the Final Terms of the relevant Series of Notes. 
"Maximum Discounted Receivables Balance" means the highest historic Aggregate Discounted 
Receivables Balance at any time since the inception of the Programme. 
"Maximum Issuance Amount" means the maximum issuance amount up to which the Issuer may 
offer Notes to the relevant Note Purchaser as specified in relation to such Note Purchaser in the 
Programme Agreement from time to time. 
"MiFID II" means directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 
2011/61/EU. 
"Minimum S&P Collateralised Counterparty Rating" has the meaning given to it in the relevant 
Swap Agreements. 
"Minimum S&P Uncollateralised Counterparty Rating" has the meaning given to it in the relevant 
Swap Agreements. 
"Monthly Collateral" means an amount in cash equal to the sum of (i) the Purchased Lease 
Receivables becoming due in the respective Monthly Period and (ii) the expected monthly 
prepayments of the Purchased Lease Receivables, calculated on the basis of a constant prepayment 
rate of 2 per cent. per annum. 
"Monthly Collateral Payment Date" means the fifteenth (15th) calendar day of the month preceding 
the first day of such Monthly Period or, if this is not a Business Day, on the next following Business 
Day. 
"Monthly Collateral Start Date" means any date which falls within thirty (30) calendar days from the 
date on which the Monthly Remittance Condition was not satisfied. 
"Monthly Investor Report" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 10.1(a)(ii) (Reporting 
Duties of the Servicer and Duties under the Swap Agreements and Reporting Duties under the 
Securitisation Regulation) of the Servicing Agreement. 
"Monthly Period" means the calendar month immediately prior to each Payment Date. 
"Monthly Remittance Condition" will no longer be satisfied if any of the following events occur: 
(a) 
Volkswagen Bank GmbH no longer has a long-term rating for unsecured and unguaranteed 
debt of at least "BBB" from DBRS or if a public rating from DBRS is not available, 
Volkswagen Bank GmbH receives notification from DBRS that DBRS has determined 
Volkswagen Bank GmbH's capacity for timely payment of financial commitments would no 
longer equal a long-term rating for unsecured and unguaranteed debt of at least "BBB" from 
DBRS; or 
(b) 
either (w) Volkswagen Bank GmbH no longer has a short-term rating for unsecured and 
unguaranteed debt of at least "A-2" from S&P Global and a long-term rating for unsecured 
and unguaranteed debt of at least "BBB" from S&P, or (x) where Volkswagen Bank GmbH 
is not the subject of an S&P Global short-term rating, Volkswagen Bank GmbH no longer 
has a long-term rating for unsecured and unguaranteed debt of at least "BBB+" from S&P 
Global or (y) S&P Global notifies the Issuer and/or the Servicer that Volkswagen Bank GmbH 
is not deemed eligible any longer under the applicable rating criteria by S&P Global. 
"Monthly Servicer Report" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 10.1(a)(i) (Reporting 
Duties of the Servicer and Duties under the Swap Agreements and Reporting Duties under the 
Securitisation Regulation) of the Servicing Agreement.

--- Page 218 ---
- 218 - 
 
 
 
"Negative Buffer Release Amount" means on any Payment Date and to the extent the Buffer 
Release Rate is lower than zero, the product of (a) the product of (i) Buffer Release Rate, and (ii) the 
Future Discounted Receivables Balance, and (b) -1 (minus one), any Negative Buffer Release 
Amount shall only be used to cover the payments pursuant to items first to ninth of the Order of 
Priority, as set out in clause 22.2(a) (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
"Net Swap Payment" means for the Swap Agreement, the net amounts with respect to regularly 
scheduled payments owed by the Issuer to a Swap Counterparty, if any, on any Payment Date, 
including any interest accrued thereon, under the Swap Agreement, excluding Swap Termination 
Payments or any other amounts payable to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement. 
"Net Swap Receipts" means for the Swap Agreements, the net amounts received by the Issuer from 
a Swap Counterparty, if any, on any Payment Date, excluding any Swap Termination Payments. For 
further clarity, this term does not include any amounts transferred as collateral. 
"New Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance" has the meaning given to such term in clause 
16.4(b) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"New Expectancy Rights Trustee" has the meaning as set out in clause 8.4(a) (Authority to collect; 
assumption of obligations; further assignment) of the Trust Agreement. 
"New Lease Receivables Discount Rate" has the meaning given to such term in clause 16.2 of the 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS" means the new holding structure for securities issued in 
global registered form through the ICSDs. 
"New Issuer" means any Person which substitutes the Issuer pursuant to Condition 11. 
"New Security Trustee" shall have the meaning as set out in clause 8.4(a) (Authority to collect; 
assumption of obligations; further assignment) of the Trust Agreement. 
"Nominal Amount" means for each Note the nominal amount as defined in Condition 1(a). 
"Non-Amortising Series" means, on any Payment Date, any Series of Notes which does not qualify 
as an Amortising Series. 
"Noteholders" means the holders of the Notes. 
"Notes" means the Initial Notes and the Further Notes. 
"Notes Factor" means, on any Payment Date after the occurrence of the Series Revolving Period 
Expiration Date in respect of a Series of Notes, the ratio of the outstanding nominal amount of such 
Amortising Series to the nominal amount of such Series of Notes as determined on the Series 
Revolving Period Expiration Date. 
"Note Purchaser" means each party defined as such in the Programme Agreement and together the 
"Note Purchasers".  
"Note Purchaser Accession Letter" means a letter from a prospective purchaser of Notes 
substantially in the Form of Schedule 4 or Schedule 6 of the Programme Agreement. 
"Obligors" means in respect of a Lease Receivable (i) the Lessee(s) and (ii) those Persons who 
have guaranteed the obligations of any such Lessee(s) in respect of such Lease Receivable.  
"Order of Priority" means the order of priority according to which the payments of interest and 
principal to the Noteholders are distributed and other payments due and payable by the Issuer are 
made as more specifically described in clause 22.2 (Order of Priority) of the Trust Agreement. 
"Payment Date" means the 25th day of each month or, in the event such day is not a Business Day, 
then the next following Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case 
the date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day.

--- Page 219 ---
- 219 - 
 
 
 
"Portfolio" means the aggregate of all Purchased Lease Receivables that the Issuer has not sold or 
transferred to any other Person other than the Security Trustee under or in connection with the Trust 
Agreement. 
"Portfolio Decryption Key" means the portfolio decryption key for the decryption of the list of names 
and addresses of the respective Lessees for each contract number relating to a Lease Contract.  
"Positive Buffer Release Amount" means on any Payment Date and to the extent the Buffer 
Release Rate is equal to or higher than zero, the product of (a) the Buffer Release Rate, and (b) the 
Future Discounted Receivables Balance. 
"Principal" means with respect to a Lease Receivable each of the scheduled periodic payments of 
principal payable by the respective Lessee as provided for in accordance with the terms of the 
relevant Lease Contract, as may be modified from time to time to account e.g. for unscheduled 
prepayments by the Lessee. 
"Principal Paying Agent" means HSBC Bank plc. 
"Process Agent" means Intertrust (Deutschland) GmbH, Eschersheimer Landstraße 14, 60322 
Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany. 
"Programme" means the Programme Documents, together with all agreements and documents 
executed in connection with the issuance of the Notes, the performance thereof and all other acts, 
undertakings and activities connected therewith. 
"Programme Agreement" means the programme agreement dated 23 September 2015 and entered 
into between the Issuer and the purchasers of the Notes, as amended and restated from time to time. 
"Programme Creditors" means for all Series of Notes the Noteholders, the Security Trustee, the 
Seller, the Servicer (if different to the Seller), the Lead Manager, the Swap Counterparty(ies), the 
Subordinated Lender, the Principal Paying Agent, the Interest Determination Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Account Bank, the Registrar, the Data Protection Trustee, the Cash Administrator and the 
Corporate Services Provider. 
"Programme Documents" means, the Conditions of the Notes, the Trust Agreement, the Security 
Assignment Deed, the Programme Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Account Agreement, the 
Custody Agreement, the Swap Agreements, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Receivables 
Purchase Agreements, the Servicing Agreement, the Data Protection Trust Agreement, the ICSDs 
Agreement, the Corporate Services Agreement and the Incorporated Terms Memorandum. 
"Programme Parties" means any and all parties to the Programme Documents. 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 on the prospectus to be published 
when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing 
Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended. 
"Purchased Additional Lease Receivables" means the Additional Lease Receivables purchased 
by the Purchaser from the Seller in accordance with any Additional Receivables Purchase 
Agreement. 
"Purchased Expectancy Rights" means the Expectancy Rights purchased by an Expectancy 
Rights Purchaser.  
"Purchased Final Payment Receivables" means the Purchased Initial Final Payment Receivables 
and/or the Purchased Additional Final Payment Receivables. 
"Purchased Initial Lease Receivables" means the Initial Lease Receivables purchased by the 
Purchaser from the Seller in accordance with the Initial Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Purchased Lease Receivables" means the Purchased Initial Lease Receivables and/or the 
Purchased Additional Lease Receivables, purchased by the Issuer.

--- Page 220 ---
- 220 - 
 
 
 
"Purchased Rights" means the Purchased Lease Receivables together with the Lease Collateral. 
"Purchaser" means the Issuer in its capacity as purchaser of the Lease Receivables secured by the 
Lease Collateral. 
"Qualified Replacement Data Protection Trustee" has the meaning given to such term in the Data 
Protection Trust Agreement. 
"Rating Agencies" means DBRS and S&P Global. 
"Receivables Purchase Agreement" means the Initial Receivables Purchase Agreement and/or 
any Additional Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
"Redeemable Amount" means, with respect to each outstanding Note of any Series and the 
Payment Date on which Lease Receivables are sold pursuant to clause 8.8 (Early settlement/ Clean-
Up Call/ sale of Lease Receivables to other securitisation vehicles) of the Receivables Purchase 
Agreement, an amount determined as the quotient of (A) the Aggregate Redeemable Amount, 
divided by (B) the number of Notes of such Series outstanding on the preceding Payment Date. In 
case of Non-Amortising Series of Notes any redemption payments will be made in a way to redeem 
a certain number of Notes in their principal amount of EUR 100,000. 
"Register" means the register kept and maintained by the Registrar on which the names and 
addresses of the Noteholders and the particulars of the Notes held by such Noteholders and all 
transfers and payments (of interest and principal) of such Notes will be entered. 
"Registered Holder" means in the case of the Class A Notes the nominee of the Common 
Safekeeper in whose name the relevant Global Note has been registered or, in the case of the Class 
B Notes the nominee of the common depositary in whose name the Global Note has been registered. 
"Registrar" means HSBC Bank plc. 
"Related Lease Contract" means with respect to a Leased Vehicle which has been identified in 
column 1 of the Initial Electronic File or Additional Electronic File, as the case may be, relating to the 
Initial Receivables Purchase Agreement or any Additional Receivables Purchase Agreement by 
reference to its vehicle identification number (Fahrgestellnummer), the corresponding Lease Contract 
identified in the same line of such column 1 of the Initial Electronic File or Additional Electronic File, 
as the case may be, by reference to the lease contract number. 
"Relevant Clearing System" means, in respect of any Notes, any of the following: Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and/or Clearstream Banking société anonyme, Luxembourg and any additional or alternative 
clearing system (including Clearstream AG) approved by the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
"Relevant Currency Value" means with respect to an amount on any day, in case of an amount 
denominated in Euro, such amount and, in case of an amount denominated in a currency other than 
Euro (the "Other Currency"), the amount of Euro that could be purchased with such amount of the 
Other Currency at the spot exchange rate on such day. 
"Relevant Distribution Account" means any account specified as distribution account in an 
Adherence Letter. 
"Relevant Expectancy Rights Purchaser" means VCL Master Residual Value S.A. or any further 
Compartment or any other person to which VWL sells Expectancy Rights or any member of 
Volkswagen Group to which an expectancy right attributable to a Purchased Lease Receivable has 
been assigned. 
"Renewal Date" means 25 September 2024. 
"Replenished Additional Discounted Receivables Balance" means on any Additional Purchase 
Date, the lesser of (i) the sum of the Class A Accumulation Amount and the Class B Accumulation 
Amount divided by one (1) minus the Replenished Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage, all 
as determined with respect to such Additional Purchase Date or (ii), only on each Additional Purchase

--- Page 221 ---
- 221 - 
 
 
 
Date on which no Further Notes will be issued, an amount equal to the sum of the Additional Lease 
Receivables that are available to be purchased on such Additional Purchase Date. 
"Replenished Lease Receivables Overcollateralisation Percentage" means 0.0201 (which, for 
the avoidance of doubt, equals 2.01 per cent.). 
"Required Buffer Release Reserve Amount" means on any Payment Date an amount equal to: 
(a) 
as long as (i) no Reserve Trigger Event has occurred and (ii) following the occurrence of a 
Reserve Trigger Event no such Reserve Trigger Event is continuing: zero; 
(b) 
following the Payment Date on which any and all amounts of interest and principal in respect 
of the Notes have been or will be redeemed in full: zero; 
(c) 
following a Reserve Trigger Event that has occurred and is continuing and provided that the 
Buffer Release Rate is a negative number, such annualised negative Buffer Release Rate 
multiplied by (A) -1 (minus one) and (B) the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance on 
the immediately preceding Payment Date. 
"Reserve Trigger Event" means that any of the following events occur: 
(a) 
Volkswagen Bank GmbH no longer has a long-term rating for unsecured and unguaranteed 
debt of at least "BBB" from DBRS or if a public rating from DBRS is not available, 
Volkswagen Bank GmbH receives notification from DBRS that DBRS has determined 
Volkswagen Bank GmbH's capacity for timely payment of financial commitments would no 
longer equal a long-term rating for unsecured and unguaranteed debt of at least "BBB" from 
DBRS; or 
(b) 
either (w) Volkswagen Bank GmbH no longer has a short-term rating for unsecured and 
unguaranteed debt of at least "A-2" from S&P Global and a long-term rating for unsecured 
and unguaranteed debt of at least "BBB" from S&P, or (x) where Volkswagen Bank GmbH 
is not the subject of an S&P Global short-term rating, Volkswagen Bank GmbH no longer 
has a long-term rating for unsecured and unguaranteed debt of at least "BBB+" from S&P 
Global or (y) S&P Global notifies the Issuer and/or the Servicer that Volkswagen Bank GmbH 
is not deemed eligible any longer under the applicable rating criteria by S&P Global. 
"Revolving Period" means the period from (and including) the Initial Issue Date and ending on (and 
including) the earlier of (i) the Series Revolving Period Expiration Date of the last outstanding Series 
of Notes and (ii) the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event. 
"Revolving Series of Notes" means a Series of Notes whose Revolving Period has not elapsed. 
"RRTS" means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2175 of 7 July 2023 on supplementing 
the Securitisation Regulation with regard to regulatory technical standards specifying in greater detail 
the risk retention requirements for originators, sponsors, original lenders and services. 
"Scheduled Repayment Date" means the date set out as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Secured Obligations" means all duties and liabilities of the Issuer vis-à-vis the other Programme 
Parties under the Programme Documents. 
"Securitisation Regulation" means the Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council laying down common rules on securitisation and creating a European framework for 
simple, transparent and standardised securitisation and amending Directives 2009/65/EC, 
2009/38EC, 2011/61/EU and Regulations (EC) No 1060/2009 and (EU) No 648/2012, as amended 
from time to time, and any relevant regulatory and/or implementing technical standards adopted by 
the European Commission in relation thereto, and in each case, any relevant guidance published by 
the European Banking Authority, the European Securities and Markets Authority (or, in either case, 
any predecessor authority), the European Commission and by German competent authorities, and 
any implementing laws or regulations in force in Germany.

--- Page 222 ---
- 222 - 
 
 
 
"Securitisation Regulation Disclosure Requirements" means the disclosure requirements set out 
in Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1224. 
"Securitisation Repository" means European DataWarehouse GmbH, in its capacity as 
securitisation repository and registered in accordance with Article 10 of the Securitisation Regulation. 
"Security" means all the Adverse Claims from time to time created by the Issuer in favour of the 
Security Trustee and/or the Expectancy Rights Trustee (and also for the benefit of the Programme 
Creditors) pursuant to the provisions of the Trust Agreement. 
"Security Assignment Deed" means the English law deed of assignment governing the granting of 
security and declaration of trust entered into between, inter alios, VCL Master S.A. and the Security 
Trustee dated on or about the Renewal Date. 
"Security Documents" means the Trust Agreement and the Security Assignment Deed, collectively. 
"Security Trustee" means Intertrust Trustees GmbH. 
"Seller" means VWL. 
"Series" means in respect of the Notes, any series issued on a given Issue Date. 
"Series Amortisation Date" means with respect to any Series of Notes, the Payment Date on which 
such Series qualifies as an Amortising Series. 
"Series Revolving Period Expiration Date" means with respect to each Series of Notes the 
revolving period expiration as specified for such Series in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Servicer" means Volkswagen Leasing GmbH unless the engagement of Volkswagen Leasing 
GmbH as servicer of the Issuer is terminated in which case Servicer shall mean the replacement 
servicer (if any). 
"Servicer Fee" means, on any Payment Date, one-twelfth of the Servicer Fee Rate multiplied by the 
sum of the Aggregate Discounted Receivables Balance for the related Monthly Period, charged to 
the Issuer. 
"Servicer Fee Rate" means 1 per cent. per annum.  
"Servicer Insolvency Event" means that the Servicer declares its inability to effect payments 
(Zahlungsunfähigkeit) or overindebtedness (Überschuldung) or those insolvency proceedings under 
the Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) are instituted by the insolvency court against the Servicer. 
"Servicer Replacement Event" means the occurrence of any event described in paragraphs (a) to 
(d) below: 
(a) 
the Servicer fails to make any payment or deposit to be made by it to the Distribution Account 
and such failure to pay has not been remedied within five (5) Business Days after the earliest 
of (i) receipt by the Servicer of a written notice from Issuer or any Noteholder of such failure 
to pay or (ii) the Servicer becoming aware of such failure to pay; 
(b) 
the Servicer fails to perform or observe in any material respect any material term, covenant 
or agreement hereunder applicable to it (other than as referred to in paragraphs (a) above) 
and such failure shall remain unremedied for sixty (60) days (or if such failure is not capable 
of remedy, in the Servicer's sole discretion, five Business Days) after receipt by the Servicer 
of written notice from the Issuer or any Noteholder requiring the failure to be remedied, 
(which Servicer Replacement Event shall be deemed to occur only upon the last day of the 
relevant period); 
(c) 
any material written representation or warranty made by the Servicer in its capacity as such 
in the Servicing Agreement or any of the Programme Documents proves to have been 
incorrect, in any material respect, when made or deemed to be made by reference to the

--- Page 223 ---
- 223 - 
 
 
 
facts and circumstances then subsisting (provided, that repurchase or exchange of a 
Receivable by VWL in accordance with the Receivables Purchase Agreement shall be 
deemed to remedy such circumstances with respect to such Receivable), and such incorrect 
representation or warranty shall remain unremedied for sixty (60) days (or, if such failure is 
not capable of remedy, in the Servicer's sole discretion, five Business Days) after receipt by 
the Servicer of written notice from the Issuer or any Noteholder requiring the circumstances 
causing or responsible for such misrepresentation to be remedied (which Servicer 
Replacement Event shall be deemed to occur only upon the last day of the relevant period); 
or 
(d) 
the Servicer becomes subject to an Insolvency Event;  
provided, however, that if a Servicer Replacement Event referred to under paragraph (a) to (c) above 
has occurred and was caused by an event beyond the reasonable control of the Servicer and if the 
respective delay or failure of performance is cured within a period of 150 days from the date on which 
the original failure to make payment, breach of term, covenant or agreement or breach of 
representation or warranty referred to under paragraph (a) to (c) occurred, a Servicer Replacement 
Event will be deemed not to have occurred. 
"Servicer Report Performance Date" means the 5th Business Day prior to each Payment Date. 
"Servicing Agreement" means the servicing agreement between the Servicer, the Issuer and the 
Security Trustee originally dated on or about the Signing Date, as amended from time to time. 
"Settlement Amount" means the sum payable by VWL to the Issuer pursuant to clause 8.1 of the 
Receivables Purchase Agreement equal to 
(a) 
the present value of the relevant Purchased Lease Receivables becoming payable during 
the remaining term of the contract, absent an instance of settlement, calculated using the 
Lease Receivables Discount Rate, or 
(b) 
in case of a reduction of the Purchased Lease Receivables due to any amendment to the 
relevant Lease Contract equal to the difference between (i) the present value of the 
Purchased Lease Receivables agreed upon at the inception of the Lease Contract and (ii) 
the present value of the future outstanding Purchased Lease Receivables becoming due 
according to such amendment, in each case discounted with the Lease Receivables 
Discount Rate. 
Discounting shall be made on the relevant present values of the Purchased Lease Receivables on 
the last calendar day of the month prior to the repurchase date in which the buying back shall become 
effective using, as applicable, the Lease Receivables Discount Rate on the basis of one year of 360 
days being equivalent to 12 months, each month consisting of 30 days.  
"Shortfall" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 6.3 (Duties of the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Calculation Agent and the Interest Determination Agent) of the Agency Agreement. 
"Signing Date" means 19 January 2010. 
"Specified General Cash Collateral Account Balance" means on each Payment Date, (i) during 
the Revolving Period an amount being equal to 0.75 per cent. of the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of all Notes after application of the applicable Order of Priority on the preceding Payment 
Date and (ii) after the Revolving Period, the lesser of (a) the Specified General Cash Collateral 
Account Balance on the last Payment Date of the Revolving Period and (b) the aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes after application of the applicable Order of Priority on the preceding 
Payment Date. 
"Subordinated Lender" means the subordinated lender under the Subordinated Loan Agreement, 
being an Affiliate of Volkswagen AG.  
"Subordinated Loan" means the loan received (or to be received) by the Issuer under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement.

--- Page 224 ---
- 224 - 
 
 
 
"Subordinated Loan Advance" means an advance made in accordance with clause 2.3 (The 
Subordinated Loan) of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Subordinated Loan Advance Notice" has the meaning assigned to such term in clause 2.3 (The 
Subordinated Loan) of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Subordinated Loan Agreement" means the subordinated loan agreement dated on or about the 
Signing Date, as amended and restated from time to time, and entered into by, inter alios, the Issuer, 
the Subordinated Lender and the Security Trustee, under which the Subordinated Lender will 
advance (or has advanced) the Subordinated Loan to the Issuer. 
"Subordinated Loan Increase Amount" means, with respect to any Further Issue Date, an amount 
equal to the difference of (a) the Further Discounted Receivables Balance less (b) the sum of the 
Class A Notes Increase Amount and the Class B Notes Increase Amount and less (c) the Further 
Lease Receivables Overcollateralisation Amount, all such amounts on such Further Issue Date. 
"Subscription Agreement" means an agreement between the Issuer, the Lead Manager, the Seller, 
the Security Trustee and the Note Purchasers substantially in the form of Schedule 8 of the 
Programme Agreement. 
"Substitute Reference Rate" means a rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) provided 
by a third party and meeting any applicable legal requirements for being used for determining the 
payment obligations under the Notes determined by the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, in its due 
discretion, as modified by applying the adjustments (e.g. in the form of premiums or discounts), if 
any, that may be determined by the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, in its due discretion. 
"Successor Bank" means the successor account bank determined in accordance with the Account 
Agreement. 
"Swap Agreement" means the relevant interest rate swap agreement between the Issuer and the 
Swap Counterparty in respect of the respective Series of Notes pursuant to the 2002 ISDA Master 
Agreement, as applicable, the associated schedule and the credit support annex and a confirmation 
dated on or about the Renewal Date or any amendments thereto. 
"Swap Agreements" means all swap agreements entered into by the Issuer with respect to any 
Class and Series of Notes to swap a floating interest rate under such Notes against a fixed rate. 
"Swap Counterparty" means ING Bank N.V. 
"Swap Replacement Proceeds" means any amounts received from a replacement Swap 
Counterparty in consideration for entering into a replacement Swap Agreement for a terminated Swap 
Agreement. 
"Swap Termination Payment" means the payment due to the Swap Counterparty by the Issuer or 
to the Issuer by the Swap Counterparty, including interest that may accrue thereon, under the Swap 
Agreements due to a termination of any Swap Agreement due to an "event of default" or "termination 
event" under that Swap Agreement. 
"Swap Termination Payment Account" means the interest bearing account held with the Swap 
Termination Payment Account Bank. 
"Swap Termination Payment Account Bank" means The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch. 
"S&P Global" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, a subsidiary of the McGraw-Hill 
Companies, Inc. and any successor to the debt rating business thereof. 
"S&P Collateral Framework Option" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Swap Agreements. 
"Targeted Delinquent Lease Class A Note Balance" means the Discounted Receivables Balance 
of Delinquent Lease Receivables not sold pursuant to clause 8.8 (Early settlement/ Clean-Up Call/

--- Page 225 ---
- 225 - 
 
 
 
sale of Lease Receivables to other securitisation vehicles) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement 
on the respective Payment Date multiplied by 30.0 per cent. 
"Targeted Delinquent Lease Class B Note Balance" means the Discounted Receivables Balance 
of Delinquent Lease Receivables not sold pursuant to clause 8.8 (Early settlement/ Clean-Up Call/ 
sale of Lease Receivables to other securitisation vehicles) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement 
on the respective Payment Date multiplied by 6.0 per cent. 
"Targeted Non-Delinquent Lease Class A Note Balance" means the product of (i) the sum of (A) 
the Discounted Receivables Balance of Lease Receivables that are not Delinquent Lease 
Receivables and that are not sold pursuant to clause 8.8 (Early settlement/ Clean-Up Call/ sale of 
Lease Receivables to other securitisation vehicles) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement on the 
respective Payment Date and (B) the Replenished Additional Discounted Receivables Balance on 
the respective Payment Date, and (ii) 91.30 per cent. 
"Targeted Non-Delinquent Lease Class B Note Balance" means the product of (i) the sum of (A) 
the Discounted Receivables Balance of Lease Receivables that are not Delinquent Lease 
Receivables and that are not sold pursuant to clause 8.8 (Early settlement/ Clean-Up Call/ sale of 
Lease Receivables to other securitisation vehicles) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement on the 
respective Payment Date and (B) the Replenished Additional Discounted Receivables Balance on 
the respective Payment Date, and (ii) 3.50 per cent. 
"Targeted Remaining Class A Note Balance" means the sum of (i) the Targeted Non-Delinquent 
Lease Class A Note Balance and (ii) the Targeted Delinquent Lease Class A Note Balance. 
"Targeted Remaining Class B Note Balance" means the sum of (i) the Targeted Non-Delinquent 
Lease Class B Note Balance and (ii) the Targeted Delinquent Lease Class B Note Balance. 
"Tax Information Agreement" means any governmental or inter-governmental arrangement, or 
other arrangement between competent authorities, for the cross-border exchange of Tax information 
applicable in any jurisdiction (or any treaty, law, regulation, or official guidance enacted, issued or 
amended in any jurisdiction which facilitates the implementation of such arrangement) including 
(without limitation) FATCA, the OECD global standard for automatic and multilateral exchange of 
financial information between tax authorities (also known as the "Common Reporting Standard") 
any arrangement analogous to FATCA, and any bilateral or multilateral Tax information agreement. 
"Terminated Lease Receivable" means each and any Lease Receivable which has been 
terminated.  
"Term Takeout" means any disposal of any or all Purchased Lease Receivables by the Issuer to a 
company that issues asset backed securities secured by Lease Receivables or other assets 
originated or acquired by a member of Volkswagen Group in connection with term issuances of debt 
instruments of such separate company. 
"Term Takeout Receivables" means any or all Purchased Lease Receivables offered to sell and 
assign to a securitisation vehicle nominated by the Seller within a Term Takeout. 
"Trust Agreement" means the trust agreement dated on or about the Signing Date and entered into 
between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Expectancy Rights Trustee and the Security Trustee. 
"Trustee Claim" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 4.2 (Position of the Security 
Trustee in relation to the Issuer) of the Trust Agreement. 
"T2 System" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any 
successor system. 
"UK" or "the United Kingdom" means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
"UK CRA Regulation" means the CRA3 as it was part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the EUWA and as amended by the Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment, etc) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2019.

--- Page 226 ---
- 226 - 
 
 
 
"United States" means, for the purpose of issue of the Notes and the Programme Documents, the 
United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its 
possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, America Samoa, Wake Island 
and the Northern Mariana Islands). 
"U.S. Risk Retention Rules" means Regulation RR (17 C.F.R Part 246) implementing the risk 
retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  
"VAT" means value added tax. 
"VCL Master Programme Legal Maturity Date" means the Payment Date falling in September 
2031. 
"VCL Master Residual Value" means as VCL Master Residual Value S.A., acting on behalf of its 
Compartment 2. 
"Vehicle Sale Amount" means with respect to a Leased Vehicle either the market value of the 
Leased Vehicle determined on the date of return of the relevant Leased Vehicle as assessed by a 
vehicle expert (Kraftfahrzeugsachverständiger) or the purchase price for such Leased Vehicle paid 
by the respective dealer to VWL, as applicable. 
"Volkswagen Group" means Volkswagen AG and any of its Affiliates. 
"VWL" means Volkswagen Leasing GmbH. 
"VWL Lease Receivables" means Lease Receivables legal title of which is held by VWL at the time 
the Expectancy Rights relating to which are purchased by an Expectancy Rights Purchaser. 
"Waterfall Table" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 5.1 (The Calculation Agent) of 
the Agency Agreement. 
"Weighted Average Seasoning" means, on each Payment Date, the weighted average seasoning 
of the Lease Contracts, calculated on a lease by lease basis as the original term minus the remaining 
term of each such Lease Contract, weighted by the Discounted Receivables Balance as at the end 
of the related Monthly Period related to such Payment Date. 
"Withdrawn Cash Collateral" has the meaning as set out in clause 21.7 (Distribution Account; 
Accumulation Account; swap provisions) of the Trust Agreement. 
"Write-Off" means in respect of any debts owed to VWL by a Lessee under a Lease Contract the 
action taken by VWL in its capacity as Servicer to finally write-off such debts in accordance with its 
customary accounting practice in effect from time to time. 
"Written Off Purchased Expectancy Rights" means Purchased Expectancy Rights which have 
been subject to a Write-Off. 
"Written Off Purchased Lease Receivables" means Purchased Lease Receivables which have 
been subject to a Write-Off. 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the definitions and provisions published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc.  
1.1 
In this Master Definitions Schedule words denoting the singular number only shall also include the 
plural number and vice versa, words denoting one gender only shall include the other genders and 
words denoting individuals only shall include firms and corporations and vice versa. 
2. 
Interpretation 
In any Programme Document, the following shall apply: 
(a) 
in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word 
"from" means "from and including" and the words "to" and "until" each mean "to but

--- Page 227 ---
- 227 - 
 
 
 
excluding". The word "including" shall not be exclusive and shall mean "including, without 
limitation"; 
(b) 
if any date specified in any Programme Document would otherwise fall on a day that is not 
a Business Day, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that 
day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day 
that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
periods of days shall be counted in calendar days unless Business Days are expressly 
prescribed; 
(d) 
the expression "tax" shall be construed so as to include any tax, levy, impost, duty or other 
charge of similar nature, including, without limitation, any penalty or interest payable in 
connection with any failure to pay or delay in paying the same; 
(e) 
a reference to law, treaty, statute, regulation, order, decree, directive or guideline of any 
governmental authority or agency, or any provision thereof, shall be construed as a 
reference to such law, statute, regulation, order, decree, directive or guideline, or provision, 
as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted; 
(f) 
any reference to any Person appearing in any of the Programme Documents shall include 
its successors and permitted assigns; 
(g) 
any reference to an agreement, deed or document shall be construed as a reference to such 
agreement, deed or document as the same may from time to time be amended, varied, 
novated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified;  
(h) 
to the extent applicable, the headings of clauses, schedules, sections, articles and exhibits 
are provided for convenience only. They do not form part of any Programme Document and 
shall not affect its construction or interpretation. Unless otherwise indicated, all references 
in any Programme Document to clauses, schedules, sections, articles and exhibits refer to 
the corresponding clauses, schedules, sections, articles or exhibits of that Programme 
Document;  
(i) 
unless specified otherwise, "promptly" or "immediately" shall mean without undue delay 
(ohne schuldhaftes Zögern);  
(j) 
"novation" shall, for the purposes of documents governed by German law, be construed as 
Vertragsübernahme. "To novate" shall be interpreted accordingly; and 
(k) 
where a German term has been used, it alone, and not the English term to which it relates, 
shall be authoritative for the interpretation of the relevant Programme Document. Where 
English terms are accompanied by German definitions, such definitions shall define how 
such terms are to be interpreted under the laws of Germany.

--- Page 228 ---
- 228 - 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market - Solely for the 
purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment pursuant to the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion 
that: (a) the target market for the Notes is only: (i) eligible counterparties, as defined in COBS; and (ii) 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (b) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate, noting the responsibility of each manufacturer under 
COBS only. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
Final Terms 
[Date] 
VCL MASTER S.A. 
acting with respect to its Compartment 1 
(incorporated with limited liability in Luxembourg with R.C.S. registration number B 149052) 
as Issuer 
for the issuance of the 
EUR [⚫] Series [⚫] [Class A / Class B] Notes 
[(to be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
EUR [⚫] Series [⚫] [Class A / Class B] Notes already outstanding)]. 
issued pursuant to the 
EUR 4,000,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of Notes 
These Final Terms are issued to replicate the information in relation to issue of [Class A / Class B] Notes by 
VCL Master S.A. acting with respect to its Compartment 1 under the EUR 4,000,000,000 Programme for the 
issuance of Notes (the "Programme"). The Base Prospectus dated 23 September 2024 [and any supplement 
dated [⚫] hereto] and the Final Terms have been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com) and the Base Prospectus is published on the website of Circumference FS 
(Luxembourg) S.A. (https://circumferencefs-luxembourg.com). 
The Final Terms of the Series [⚫] [Class A / Class B] Notes have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on 
the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus. Capitalised terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning specified 
in the Conditions of the [Class A / Class B] Notes. All references in these Final Terms to numbered Conditions 
are to be read as reference to the respective Conditions of the [Class A / Class B] Notes.

--- Page 229 ---
- 229 - 
 
 
 
1.  
Issue Price: 
[⚫] 
2.  
[Initial] [Further] Issue Date (Condition 8(a)): 
[⚫] 
3.  
[Class A / Class B] Series Number: 
[⚫] 
 
Tranche Number: 
[⚫] 
4.  
Aggregate Nominal Amount of [Further] Series [⚫] [Class A 
/ Class B] Notes: 
EUR [⚫] 
5.  
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Series [⚫] [Class A / Class 
B] Notes (including the Notes subject of these Final Terms):] 
EUR [⚫] [Not Applicable] 
6.  
Series [⚫] [Class A / Class B] Notes Interest Rate / yield: 
EURIBOR rate for one month Euro 
deposits plus the Margin as set out in 
Condition 8(c) / [⚫] 
 
Amount on which interest is to be paid on the first Payment 
Date (Condition 9(a)): 
EUR: [⚫] 
7.  
Margin (Condition 8(c)): 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
First Payment Date with respect to the Series [⚫] [Class A / 
Class B] Notes: 
[⚫] 
8.  
Series Revolving Period Expiration Date: 
Payment Date falling in [⚫] (including) 
(or as extended in accordance with 
Condition 9(f)) 
9.  
Scheduled Repayment Date (Condition 9(d)): 
Payment Date falling in [⚫] (or as 
extended in accordance with Condition 
9(f) as a consequence of the extension 
of 
the 
Series 
Revolving 
Period 
Expiration Date) 
10.  
Legal Maturity Date (Condition 9(e)): 
[⚫] (or as extended in accordance with 
Condition 9(f) as a consequence of the 
extension of the Series Revolving 
Period Expiration Date) 
11.  
Settlement information: 
[delivery against payment] / [delivery 
free of payment] / [Not applicable] 
12.  
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" 
simply means that the Notes are 
intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper (and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper 
[include this text for Registered Notes 
which are to be held under the NSS]) 
and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intraday credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB

--- Page 230 ---
- 230 - 
 
 
 
being 
satisfied 
that 
Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified 
as "no" at the date of these Final 
Terms, 
should 
the 
Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable 
of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper (and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper[include 
this 
text 
for 
Registered Notes which are to be held 
under the NSS]). Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
13.  
Clearing Codes:  
 
 
- ISIN Code 
[⚫] 
 
- Common Code 
[⚫] 
14.  
Admission to trading and total expenses: 
Application has been made for the 
Series [⚫] [Class A / Class B] Notes 
subject of these Final Terms to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange with effect from [⚫]. The 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
the 
admission to trading will amount to 
EUR [⚫]. 
15.  
Use of proceeds 
The aggregate gross proceeds from 
the issuance of the Series [⚫] [Class A 
/ Class B] Notes will be used to 
purchase the Lease Receivables from 
Volkswagen Leasing GmbH on the 
relevant Further Issue Date and to pay 
costs related to the issue of the Series 
[⚫] [Class A / Class B] Notes. 
16.  
Net amount of proceeds 
EUR [⚫] 
17.  
Ratings 
[⚫]3 
 
 
 
3  
A brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings will be inserted, to the extent rated.

--- Page 231 ---
- 231 - 
 
 
 
[In case of Further Notes being the subject to these Final Terms: please insert updated portfolio data]. 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of Series 
[⚫] [Class A / Class B] Notes described herein (as from [insert Issue Date]). 
VCL Master S.A., acting with respect to its Compartment 1  
 
[Name and title of signatories]

--- Page 232 ---
- 232 - 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subscription and Sale 
Each Note Purchaser has agreed to subscribe the Notes and to comply with the selling restrictions set out 
below. 
The issuance of the Notes is not designed to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules other than the 
exemption under Section _.20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. "U.S. Risk Retention Rules" means 
Regulation RR (17 C.F.R Part 246) implementing the risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, adopted pursuant to the requirements of Section 941 of the 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
The Notes at all times may not, without the prior consent of the Seller, be purchased by any person except 
for persons that are not "U.S. persons" as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules ("Risk Retention U.S. 
Persons").  Prospective investors should note that the definition of "U.S. person" in the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules is substantially similar to, but not identical to, the definition of "U.S. person" in Regulation S.  
Each purchaser of Notes, including beneficial interests therein, will be deemed, and in certain circumstances 
will be required, to represent and agree that: (1) it is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person (2) it is acquiring such 
Note or a beneficial interest therein for its own account and not with a view to distribute such Note to a U.S. 
person; and (3) it is not acquiring such Note or a beneficial interest therein as part of a scheme to evade the 
requirements of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. 
The Notes may not be sold to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except (i) pursuant to an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of, the Securities Act and (ii) 
in accordance with an exemption from the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
All applicable laws and regulations must be observed in any jurisdiction in which the Notes may be offered, 
sold or delivered, to the best of each Note Purchaser's' knowledge and belief (subject that each Note 
Purchaser shall have no liability to the Issuer or the Seller in respect of any non-observance of the U.S. Risk 
Retention Rules by the Issuer or the Seller or any other person). Each Note Purchaser (with respect to the 
Series of Notes acquired by such Note Purchaser) has agreed that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer, sell 
or deliver any of the Notes or distribute the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the 
Notes, in or from any jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result in compliance with the applicable 
laws and regulations of such jurisdiction, to the best of each Note Purchaser's knowledge and belief, and that 
it will not impose any obligations on the Issuer except as set out in the Programme Agreement. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Note Purchasers will not have any liability to the Issuer or the Seller for 
compliance with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules by the Issuer or the Seller or any other person except to the 
extent as set out in the Note Purchase Agreement. 
Germany 
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed that the Notes have not been and will not be offered or 
sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in Germany other than in compliance with the provisions of the 
German Asset Investment Act (Vermögensanlagengesetz), or of any other laws applicable in Germany 
governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
Japan 
Each of the Note Purchasers has acknowledged, and each further Note Purchaser appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge, that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) and, accordingly, 
the Note Purchaser has undertaken that it will not offer or sell any Notes directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, any Japanese Person or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to any Japanese Person except under circumstances which will result in compliance with all applicable 
laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the relevant Japanese governmental and regulatory

--- Page 233 ---
- 233 - 
 
 
 
authorities and in effect at the relevant time. For the purposes of this paragraph, "Japanese Person" shall 
mean any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of 
Japan. 
United States of America and its Territories 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act, 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state or local securities laws and under 
circumstances designed to preclude the issuer from having to register under the Investment Company Act.  
Each of the Note Purchasers has represented and agreed under the Programme Agreement that it has not 
offered, sold or delivered the Notes, and will not offer or sell the Notes (i) as part of its distribution at any time 
or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after the later of the date the Notes are first offered to Persons 
other than distributors in reliance on Regulation S and the Closing Date or the Initial Issue Date, as applicable, 
except, in either case, only in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 (as applicable) of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. No Note Purchaser nor their respective affiliates (as defined in Rule 501(b) of Regulation 
D under the Securities Act) nor any Persons acting on its behalf have engaged or will engage in any "directed 
selling efforts" with respect to the Notes, and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions 
requirements of Regulation S under the Securities Act. At or prior to confirmation of the sale of Notes, each 
Note Purchaser will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other 
remuneration that purchases Notes from them during the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S) a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect:  
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise 
until forty (40) calendar days after the later of the date the Notes are first offered to Persons other 
than distributors in reliance on Regulation S and the Closing Date or the Initial Issue Date, as 
applicable, except, in either case, in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms 
used above have the meaning given to them in Regulation S under the Securities Act". 
Terms used in this section have the meaning given to them in Regulation S under the Securities Act save 
that as used in this paragraph "U.S. Person" means a U.S. person within the meaning of Regulation S. 
The Notes may not be offered, or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
Persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements 
of, the Securities Act. 
United Kingdom 
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed, and each further Note Purchaser appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA")) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not 
apply to the Issuer; and  
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Republic of France 
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed, and each further Note Purchaser appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, 
(a) 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise transferred and will not offer, sell or otherwise transfer, 
directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in France other than in accordance with the 
exemption of article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 234 ---
- 234 - 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be 
distributed to the public in France, other than to qualified investors, as defined in Article 2(e) 
of the Prospectus Regulation, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other 
offering material relating to the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed, and each further Note Purchaser appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed, and each further Note Purchaser appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; and  
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes.

--- Page 235 ---
- 235 - 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation of Note Issuance 
The issuance of the Notes were authorised by the board of directors of the Issuer on 14 January 2010. The 
increase of the Programme amount from EUR 1,000,000,000 to EUR 2,000,000,000 was authorised by the 
board of directors of the Issuer on 11 November 2010, the increase of the Programme amount from 
EUR 2,000,000,000 to EUR 3,000,000,000 was authorised by the board of directors of the Issuer on 
22 November 2011 and the increase of the Programme amount from EUR 3,000,000,000 to EUR 
4,000,000,000 was authorised by the board of directors of the Issuer on 17 September 2014. The update and 
extension of the Programme was authorised by the board of directors of the Issuer on 6 September 2024. 
Governmental, Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
During the period covering the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not been 
engaged in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had in the recent past significant 
effects on the Issuer’s financial position or profitability.  
Material Adverse Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 
31 December 2023.  
Payment Information and Post-Issuance Transaction Information 
The Issuer intends to provide post-issuance transaction information regarding the Notes to be admitted to 
trading and the performance of the underlying assets. The Servicer will provide the investors with monthly 
investor reports regarding the Notes and the performance of the underlying assets. Such investor reports will 
be provided on a monthly basis and sent directly to the relevant investors.  
For as long as any of the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Issuer 
will notify the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of the Interest Amounts, Interest Accrual Periods and the Interest 
Rates and the payments of principal, in each case without delay after their determination pursuant to the 
Conditions of the Notes. This information will be communicated to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at the 
latest on the first day of each Interest Accrual Period. 
All information to be given to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 7 of the Notes will be available and may 
be obtained (free of charge) at the specified office of the Issuer. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear as operator 
of the Euroclear system. 
All notices to the Noteholders regarding the Notes shall be (i) published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) as long as the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require and (ii) be delivered to the applicable clearing systems 
for communication by them to the Noteholders. Any notice referred to under (ii) above shall be deemed to 
have been given to all Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was delivered 
to the respective clearing system. Any notice referred to under (i) above shall be deemed to have been given 
to all Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was published on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
The Issuer is expected to make application for the Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading at the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 236 ---
- 236 - 
 
 
 
ICSDs 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II 
B-1210 Brussels 
Belgium 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme,  
42 Avenue JF Kennedy 
L-1885 Luxembourg 
Clearing Codes of Notes 
As set out in the Final Terms prepared for the relevant Series of Notes. 
Inspection of Documents 
Copies of the following documents may be inspected during customary business hours on any working day 
from the date hereof (or the date of publication of such document, as relevant) as long as the Notes remain 
outstanding at the registered office of the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent or made available upon 
request by means of electronic distribution, (i) this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms, (ii) the Trust 
Agreement, (iii) the Security Assignment Deed, (iv) the Agency Agreement, and (v) the Articles of 
Incorporation of the Issuer and all historical and future financial statements of the Issuer. A copy of this Base 
Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) and a copy of this Base Prospectus only will be published on the website of Circumference 
FS (Luxembourg) S.A. (https://circumferencefs-luxembourg.com). The Articles of Incorporation of VCL Master 
S.A. and all historical financial reports of VCL Master S.A. (interim financial reports will not be prepared) will 
be published on the website of Circumference FS (Luxembourg) S.A. (https://circumferencefs-
luxembourg.com). 
The Servicer shall publish Monthly Investor Reports regarding the Notes and the performance of the 
underlying assets. Monthly Investor Reports shall be published by the Servicer five days prior to the Payment 
Date of a calendar month on the via the Securitisation Repository. Furthermore, the Monthly Investor Report 
will be published by the Servicer five days prior to the Payment Date of a calendar month available on 
https://www.vwfs.com/en/investor-relations/volkswagen-leasing-gmbh/refinancing.html#. Subject to any 
amendments in accordance with the Securitisation Regulation, such Monthly Investor Reports will provide, 
inter alia, the following information: 
a. pool balance; 
b. Collections for the Monthly Period; 
c. overcollateralisation; 
d. credit enhancement; 
e. Available Distribution Amount; 
f. outstanding principal balance before and after origination of Additional Lease Receivables and any 
Borrowing Base Cure Amount on such date; 
g. outstanding contracts; 
h. contract status; 
i. early settlements; 
j. contracts in arrears; 
k. change in delinquencies; 
l. write-offs on the Lease Contracts;

--- Page 237 ---
- 237 - 
 
 
 
m. Revolving Period; 
n. Dynamic Net Loss Ratio; 
o. 12-Months Average Dynamic Net Loss Ratio; 
p. Late Delinquency Ratio; 
q. information on fulfilment of the Credit Enhancement Increase Condition; 
r. amounts of interest paid or unpaid on the Notes and the Subordinated Loan; 
s. development of the Notes and of the Subordinated Loan; 
t. General Cash Collateral Amount; 
u. the Buffer Release Rate, any amount standing to the credit of the Buffer Release Reserve Ledger, 
any Positive Buffer Release Amount and any Negative Buffer Release Amount; 
v. Order of Priority; and 
q. Risk Retention.

--- Page 238 ---
- 238 - 
 
 
 
REGISTERED ADDRESS OF 
 
THE ISSUER 
VCL Master S.A., acting with respect to its Compartment 1 
22-24 boulevard Royal 
L-2449 Luxembourg 
 
THE SECURITY TRUSTEE 
Intertrust Trustees GmbH 
Eschersheimer Landstraße 14 
60322 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
THE EXPECTANCY RIGHTS TRUSTEE 
Intertrust Trustees Limited 
1 Bartholomew Lane 
London EC2N 2AX 
United Kingdom 
 
ACCOUNT BANK 
The Bank of New York Mellon, Frankfurt Branch 
MesseTurm 
Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 49 
60327 Frankfurt am Main 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND REGISTRAR 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom

--- Page 239 ---
- 239 - 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
as to German law 
Hogan Lovells International LLP 
Große Gallusstraße 13 
60312 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
as to Luxembourg law 
Hogan Lovells (Luxembourg) LLP 
52, Boulevard Marcel Cahen 
L-1311 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
as to English law 
Hogan Lovells International LLP 
Atlantic House 
Holborn Viaduct 
London EC1A 2FG  
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS 
to the Issuer 
Ernst & Young Luxembourg S.A. 
35E avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg  
#414-7726-3687