--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 10 December 2021
VEOLIA ENVIRONNEMENT
(Established as a société anonyme in the Republic of France)
EURO 16,000,000,000
EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME
Under its €16,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Veolia Environnement ("Veolia Environnement" or the 
"Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes 
(the "Notes"). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed Euro 16,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other 
currencies at the date of issue of any Notes).
This base prospectus, as may be supplemented from time to time (the "Base Prospectus") constitutes, at the date hereof, a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Article 8 of Regulation 2017/1129/EU of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation").
This Base Prospectus received the approval number 21-526 on 10 December 2021 from the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF") and shall be 
valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market (as defined below) until 10 December 2022, provided that it is completed from time 
to time by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material 
mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (or incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the 
assessment of an investment in the Notes. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.
Application may be made during the period of twelve (12) months from the date of the approval granted by the AMF on this Base Prospectus for 
Notes to be issued under the Programme to be listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other regulated market as defined in 
the Directive 2014/65/EU dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended, situated in a Member State of the European Economic 
Area (the "EEA") (each such market being a "Regulated Market"). The Notes issued under the Programme may also be unlisted or listed on an 
alternative trading platform. The relevant final terms in respect of the issue of any Notes (the "Final Terms") will specify whether or not an 
application has been or will be made for such Notes to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market(s) or stock 
exchange(s) where the Notes will be listed and/or admitted to trading.
The Programme has been rated BBB and A-2 by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and (P)Baa1 by Moody's France S.A.S ("Moody's"). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's long-term senior debt and short-term senior debt have been respectively rated (i) BBB and A-2
with stable outlook by S&P and (ii) Baa1 and P-2 with stable outlook by Moody's. Each of such credit rating agencies is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or unrated. The rating of Notes (if 
any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to relevant Series of Notes will be issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer or to other Notes issued under the 
Programme. S&P and Moody's are not established in the United Kingdom ("UK") and are not registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"). However, the ratings of the Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Ltd and
S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation . As such, the ratings to be issued by Moody's and S&P may be used 
for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning credit rating agency without notice.
The final terms of the Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms related to the Notes that are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market are available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org), on the Issuer's website (www.finance.veolia.com) and copies of such 
documents may be obtained, during normal business hours, free of charge from the office of Veolia Environnement, 30 rue Madeleine Vionnet, 
93300 Aubervilliers, France. 
Prospective investors should carefully review and consider the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus before deciding to invest 
in the Notes issued under the Programme.
Arranger
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking
Permanent Dealers
Barclays
BNP PARIBAS
BofA Securities
Crédit Agricole CIB
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank
HSBC
MUFG
Natixis
NatWest Markets N.V.
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking
SMBC Nikko
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking

--- Page 2 ---
2
This Base Prospectus, together with any supplements to this Base Prospectus published from time to time, 
constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation in respect of, and for 
the purpose of giving information with regard to, the Veolia Environnement and Veolia Environnement and its 
consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole (the "Group") which is necessary to enable investors to make an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, 
the rights attaching to the Notes and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer.
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement thereto and with any 
other documents incorporated by reference therein in accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation 
(see section "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), each of which shall be incorporated and form part of this 
Base Prospectus and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes, should be read and construed 
together with the relevant Final Terms.
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see the section
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers 
(i) does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus, and (ii) has not been scrutinized or approved by the AMF.
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of Notes and, if given 
or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by Veolia 
Environnement, the Dealers or the Arranger (each defined in section "Subscription and Sale of the Notes"). 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of Veolia Environnement and 
the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended 
or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of Veolia Environnement or 
the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended 
or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing 
the same.
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms, any offering materials under the Programme and 
the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession 
this Base Prospectus comes are required by Veolia Environnement, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restriction.
No action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers which would permit a non-exempt 
offer of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any Final Terms or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except 
under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States, and the Notes may include Materialised Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered or sold or in the case of Materialised 
Notes in bearer form, delivered within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") or, in the case of Materialised Notes in bearer 
form, the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "U.S. Internal Revenue Code").
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, 
see section "Subscription and Sale of the Notes" herein.
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of 
Veolia Environnement, the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes.
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express or 
implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information

--- Page 3 ---
3
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any financial 
statements (including any information incorporated by reference) are intended to provide the basis of any credit 
or other evaluation and nor should they be considered as a recommendation by any of Veolia Environnement, 
the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or of any financial statements (including 
any information incorporated by reference) should purchase the Notes. In making an investment decision 
regarding the Notes, prospective investors must rely on their own independent investigation and appraisal of 
the Issuer or the Group and the terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved. For further 
details, see section "Risk Factors" herein. The contents of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms are not to be 
construed as legal, business or tax advice. Each prospective investor should determine for itself and/or consult 
its own advisers as to legal, tax, financial, credit and related aspects of an investment in the Notes. None of the 
Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of Veolia Environnement or the 
Group during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or 
potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger.
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may
include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories of potential target markets referred to in item 18 
of the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on 5 February 2018
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (as 
amended, "MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purposes of the MiFID II Product
Governance rules under Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II 
Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated entity and does 
not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under the MiFID II Product Governance Rules.
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published 
by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to 
EU non-legislative materials"), and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a UK 
MiFIR regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules.
IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 dated 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended,
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.

--- Page 4 ---
4
IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
NOTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT, CHAPTER 
289 OF SINGAPORE – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) 
of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Regulation 3(b) of the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 (the "SF (CMP) Regulations") that, unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final 
Terms, all Notes issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products as defined in SF 
(CMP) Regulations and "Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).
Independent review and advice
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent 
review and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the 
Notes is fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all 
investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, 
notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes.
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in connection 
with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters referred to above.
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each prospective investor should:
(i)
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks 
of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any supplement thereto and the relevant Final Terms;
(ii)
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact the relevant Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio;
(iii)
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the prospective investor's currency;
(iv)
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets;
(v)
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; and
(vi)
be aware, in terms of legislation or regulatory regime applicable to such investor of the applicable restrictions 
on its ability to invest in the Notes and in any particular type of Notes.

--- Page 5 ---
5
A prospective investor should not invest in Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) 
to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes 
and the impact this investment will have on the prospective investor's overall investment portfolio.
Taxation
Prospective purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are 
transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court 
decisions may be available for innovative financial notes such as the Notes. 
Credit ratings
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes and/or to the Issuer. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in 
this section, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.
The credit ratings of the Issuer are an assessment of its ability to pay its obligations, including those arising from 
the offered Notes. 
Inflation Linked Notes
Inflation Linked Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the INSEE or Eurostat, as the 
case may be, and the INSEE and Eurostat make no warranty or representation whatsoever, express or implied, 
either as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Inflation Indices and/or the figure at which such indices 
stand at any particular time. The Inflation Indices are determined, composed and calculated by the INSEE and 
Eurostat, as the case may be, without regard to the Issuer or the Notes. Neither the INSEE nor Eurostat, as the case 
may be, is responsible for or has participated in the determination of the timing of, prices of, or quantities of the 
Inflation Linked Notes to be issued or in determination or calculation of the interest payable under such Notes. 
Neither the INSEE nor Eurostat has any obligation or liability in connection with the administration, marketing or 
trading of the Notes. The INSEE or Eurostat, as the case may be, has no responsibility for any calculation agency 
adjustment made for the indices. 
Neither the current nor the historical levels of any of the Inflation Indices should be taken as an indication of future 
performance of such index during the term of any Inflation Linked Notes.
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as to the 
Inflation Indices (as defined herein). Any of such persons may have acquired, or during the term of the Notes may 
acquire, non-public information with respect to any of the inflation indices that is or may be material in the context 
of Inflation Linked Notes. The issue of Inflation Linked Notes will not create any obligation on the part of any such 
persons to disclose to the holders of the Notes or any other party such information (whether or not confidential).

--- Page 6 ---
6
TABLE OF CONTENTS
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................................... 7
RISK FACTORS.................................................................................................................................................. 14
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................................... 25
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................................................................................................ 37
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................. 38
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES.............. 82
USE OF PROCEEDS........................................................................................................................................... 83
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER....................................................................................................................... 84
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS.............................................................................................................................. 85
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE OF THE NOTES .............................................................................................. 104
FORM OF FINAL TERMS................................................................................................................................ 109
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................ 125
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS................. 129

--- Page 7 ---
7
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. The Notes will be issued 
on such terms as shall be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. This chapter is subject to the other information provided in 
this Base Prospectus and is to be read as such.
This General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, and is not intended to, 
constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any 
implementing regulation thereof.
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall have the same meanings in this 
General Description.
Issuer:
Veolia Environnement
Description:
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the offer of Notes 
(the “Programme”).
Arranger:
Société Générale
Dealers:
Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, Bofa 
Securities Europe SA, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A., Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, 
HSBC Continental Europe, MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V., Natixis, 
NatWest Markets N.V., SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Europe GmbH and 
Société Générale.
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any Dealer 
under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one 
or more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. References in this 
Base Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above as 
Dealers and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in 
respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and all 
persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches.
Programme Limit:
Up to Euro 16,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at the date 
of the issue of any Notes) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding 
at any time (the “Programme Limit”). The Programme Limit may be 
increased, as provided in the amended and restated dealer agreement dated 
10 December 2021 entered into between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers 
and the Arranger.
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent:
Société Générale
Calculation Agent:
Société Générale
Method of Issue:
The Notes may be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more 
issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in 
respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being 
intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each 
Series may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or 
different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be 
supplemented, where necessary, with supplemental terms and conditions

--- Page 8 ---
8
and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest 
and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the relevant final terms in 
relation to such Tranche (the “Final Terms”).
Maturities:
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, any 
maturity as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).
Currencies:
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in Euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, Renminbi or in any 
other currency specified in the relevant Final Terms as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).
Denomination(s):
Notes shall be issued in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant 
Final Terms, save that (i) Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation shall have a minimum specified denomination of 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), or such higher amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant monetary or 
financial authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency and (ii) Notes unlisted or listed on an alternative trading 
platform shall have a minimum specified denomination of €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency) or shall be offered or sold only to investors 
who acquire securities for a total consideration of at least €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency) per investor, for each separate offer.
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes (including 
Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one (1) 
year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies).
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one denomination only.
Form of Notes:
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised 
Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”).
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer 
form (au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter 
case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered form 
(au nominatif pur) or administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré). No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes.
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only. A Temporary Global 
Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each Tranche of Materialised 
Notes. Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France.
Status of the Notes:
The Notes and, where applicable, any Coupons relating to them constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsecured (subject to the negative pledge provision) 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari 
passu and without any preference among themselves and subject to such 
exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French law, equally 
with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding.
Negative Pledge:
There will be a negative pledge in respect of the Notes, as set out in 
Condition 5 (Negative pledge).

--- Page 9 ---
9
Events of Default
(including cross default):
There will be events of default including a cross-default in respect of the 
Notes as set out in Condition 10 (Events of Default).
Redemption Amount:
Subject to any laws and regulations applicable from time to time, the 
relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the redemption 
amounts payable.
Early Redemption:
Notes may be redeemed early for tax reasons at the option of the Issuer at 
the Early Redemption Amount. The Notes may also be redeemed early at 
the option of the Issuer and/or at the option of any Noteholder at the 
Optional Redemption Amount, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms,
or at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount, unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, or at par if the Clean-up Call Option is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, or at par if the Residual Maturity 
Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms.
Optional Redemption:
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed prior to 
their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the Noteholders and, if so, the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Make-Whole Redemption:
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30)
calendar days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the Notes, 
in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time prior to their Relevant 
Redemption Date at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount.
Clean-Up Call Option:
If a Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, in the event that at least 75% of the initial aggregate 
principal amount of a particular Series of Notes has been purchased or 
redeemed by the Issuer other than by way of a redemption at the option of 
the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to having given not more 
than sixty (60) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all, but not some 
only, of the remaining Notes in that Series at par together with any interest 
accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any 
arrears of interest).
Residual Maturity Call Option:
If a Residual Maturity Call Option by the Issuer is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to having given not 
less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Noteholders (or such 
other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), redeem 
all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes in that Series at par together 
with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any 
time during the period starting on (and including) the "Residual Maturity 
Call Option Date" (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and ending on 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date.
Put Option:
If the Final Terms issued in respect of a Series of Notes so provide, each 
Noteholder will have the option to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the 
Issuer’s option, repurchase its Notes on the Optional Redemption Date at its 
Optional Redemption Amount with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption.
Taxation:
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, 
and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected,

--- Page 10 ---
10
withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law.
If French law should require that payments of principal or interest or in 
respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to deduction or withholding in 
respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will 
(subject to certain limited exceptions), to the fullest extent then permitted 
by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the 
Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may be, of 
such amounts as would have been received by them had no such deduction 
or withholding been required.
Interest 
Periods 
and 
Interest 
Rates:
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest 
rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant 
for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate, or both, provided that in no event shall the rate of interest be less than 
zero. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest 
at different rates in the same interest period. All such information (except 
the method of calculation) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.
Fixed Rate Notes:
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Floating Rate Notes:
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined as follows:
(i)
on the same basis as the floating rate under an interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant specified currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions published by the 
Fédération Bancaire Française; or
(ii)
on the same basis as the floating rate under an interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant specified currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.
("ISDA") or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as published by ISDA, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or
(iii)
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on an agreed screen page 
of a commercial quotation service or on the basis of market 
quotations, subject to the provisions, where applicable, of a 
benchmark discontinuation.
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes.
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum
interest rate or both, provided that in no event will the relevant interest 
amount be less than zero.
Benchmark Discontinuation:
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest 
(or any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the 
original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint 
an independent adviser to determine a successor or an alternative benchmark 
and/or screen rate (with consequent amendment to the terms of such Series 
of Notes and the application of an adjustment spread).
Inflation Linked Notes:
Inflation Linked Notes may bear interest at a rate that will be calculated by 
reference to an inflation index ratio derived from either (i) the consumer 
price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan France,

--- Page 11 ---
11
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes:
as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National de la 
Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (“INSEE”), or (ii) the harmonised 
index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco), or the relevant successor 
index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union 
(excluding tobacco) as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat 
(“Eurostat”).
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer 
may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate 
to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will 
automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a 
Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms.
Zero Coupon Notes:
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
to it and will not pay periodic interest.
Redenomination:
Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of the EU which will 
participate in the single currency of the EU may be redenominated into 
Euro, all as more fully provided in Conditions 2 "Form, denomination(s), 
title, redenomination and method of issue” below.
Consolidation:
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another Series as 
more fully provided in Condition 14 (Further issues and consolidation).
Governing Law:
French law.
Clearing Systems:
The Notes will be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France as 
central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes and Clearstream, 
Euroclear or any other clearing system that may be agreed between the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes")
and the relevant Dealer in relation to Materialised Notes, as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to 
their nominal amount.
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions.
Admission to Trading:
Application may be made for Notes to be issued under the Programme, for 
a period of twelve (12) months from the date of the approval granted by the 
AMF on this Base Prospectus, to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. 
The Notes may also be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
any other Regulated Market in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation 
or on any other trading platform, or a Series of Notes may be unlisted, or 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading may also be issued, in 
any case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Method of Publication:
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and any 
documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus will be 
published on the websites of (a) the Issuer (www.finance.veolia.com) and 
(b), provided they constitute documents on which the AMF has granted a 
filing or registration number, the AMF (www.amf-france.org). The Final 
Terms relating to Notes admitted on any Regulated Market in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation will be published, so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, on the websites of (a) the Issuer 
(www.finance.veolia.com) and (b) the AMF (www.amf-france.org).
Selling Restrictions:
The Notes shall not be offered to retail investors in France or in any other 
Member State of the EEA. There are other restrictions on the offer and sale

--- Page 12 ---
12
of Notes and the distribution of offering material in various jurisdictions 
including the United States of America, United Kingdom, Japan, Hong 
Kong, People's Republic of China, Singapore and Belgium. See the section 
headed “Subscription and Sale” of this Base Prospectus.
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S.
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor regulation issued under the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended (the “Code”) section 4701(b) 
that contains rules identical to the rules that currently apply under Code 
section 163(f)(2)(B) (the “D Rules”) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms 
states that such Materialised Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. 
Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor regulation issued under Code 
section 4701(b) that contains rules identical to the rules that currently apply 
under Code section 163(f)(2)(B) (the “C Rules”) or (ii) such Materialised 
Notes are issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules 
but in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute “registration 
required obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be 
referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is 
not applicable.
Dematerialised Notes do not require compliance with TEFRA.
Rating:
The Programme has been rated BBB and A-2 by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (“S&P”) and (P)Baa1 by Moody's France S.A.S
(“Moody's”). As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer's long-term 
senior debt and short-term senior debt have been respectively rated (i) BBB 
and A-2 with stable outlook by S&P and (ii) Baa1 and P-2 with stable 
outlook by Moody's.
S&P and Moody's are established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation and are included in the list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs). 
Notes 
issued under the Programme may, or may not, be rated. The rating of Notes 
(if any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final 
Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the 
CRA Regulation. Credit ratings are subject to revision, suspension or 
withdrawal at any time by the relevant rating organisation. Moody's and 
S&P are not established in the United Kingdom and are not registered in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). However, the ratings of the Notes 
issued under the Programme are expected to be endorsed by Moody's 
Investors Service Ltd and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation. As such, the ratings to be issued by Moody's 
and S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency without notice.
Representation of Noteholders:
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped
automatically for the defense of their common interests in a masse (the 
“Masse”) and the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French 
Commercial Code (Code de commerce) relating to the Masse, as amended 
and supplemented by the Terms and Conditions, shall apply.

--- Page 13 ---
13
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a
representative (the “Representative”) and in part through collective 
decisions of the Noteholders (the “Collective Decisions”).

--- Page 14 ---
14
RISK FACTORS
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under 
the Programme. The risk factors may relate to the Issuer, the Group or any of its subsidiaries.
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme are also described below.
The Issuer believes that the factors described below and in the documents incorporated by reference represent the 
main risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme. The Issuer does not represent that the statements 
below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. The risks described below and in the documents 
incorporated by reference are not the only risks the Issuer, the Group or any of its subsidiaries face. Additional risks 
and uncertainties not currently known to the Issuer or that are currently believed to be immaterial could also have a 
material impact on its business operations. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms of the relevant Notes and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision. In particular, investors should make their own assessment 
as to the risks associated with the Notes prior to investing in Notes issued under the Programme.
In each sub-category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risks, in its assessment, taking into account the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence. 
Terms defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes".
1.
Risk factors relating to the Issuer
Risks factors relating to the Group and its activity are described on pages 70 and 79 to 106 of the 2020 Universal 
Registration Document (as defined in section "Documents Incorporated by Reference") and on pages 21 to 26 of the 
Amendment to the 2020 Universal Registration Document (as defined in section "Documents Incoporated by 
Reference") which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. These risk factors are listed below.
For the avoidance of doubt, the capitalized terms in the following paragraphs listing the risk factors relating to the 
Issuer shall have the same meaning conferred to such terms in the Amendment to the 2020 Universal Registration 
Document. 
1.1 Risks relating to the business environment in which the Group operates

Risks relating to market changes

Economic risks

Competition risks

Risks relating to climate change

Seasonality risks

Political risks

Risks relating to the business climate

Risks relating to natural disasters
1.2 Operational risks

Risks relating to employee health and safety

Risks relating to the selection and integration of acquisitions:
o
Proposed Veolia-Suez combination; 
o
Risks related to the integration of Suez' activities and the expected synergies or other benefits of the 
Transaction; 
o
Risks related to Suez’s performance and unforeseen liabilities; 
o
Risks that Veolia may incur substantial transaction costs in connection with the Transaction and its 
completion; 
o
Risks of disputes relating to the Transaction and its completion; 
o
Risks related to the triggering of change of control clauses and related provisions at Suez level;

--- Page 15 ---
15
o
Risks related to the transition period until the completion of the Transaction; 
o
Tax risks related to the Transaction (including the Scope Divestment) and to the implementation of
the prior or subsequent reorganization transactions; 
o
Risks related to the failure to complete the Transaction; 
o
Risks related to the failure to complete (or the late completion) of the Transaction in reason of the 
failure to obtain necessary clearances; 
o
Risks related to the failure to complete (or the late completion) of the Scope Divestment and risks 
related to the fact that the scope of the new Suez may differ from the scope initially agreed between 
Veolia, Suez and the Consortium;
o
Risks related to the financing of the Transaction; 
o
Risks related to the future operating results and financial position presented in the pro forma financial 
information)

Risks related to tangible and intangible property, and information systems

Third-party liability and particularly health and environmental risks

Risks relating to changes in business lines

Risks of skills availability

Personal security risks

Transformation risks related to multifaceted performance
1.3 Financial risks

Counterparty risks relating to operating activities

Risks inherent to fluctuations in the price of energy and commodities

Risks relating to tax developments

Liquidity risks

Currency risks
1.4 Regulatory, ethical and legal risks

Risks relating to regulatory changes, particularly in the area of health or the environment

Corruption and business integrity risks

Human rights risks

Risks relating to long-term contracts
Below, the Group risk matrix presented in page 80 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document

--- Page 16 ---
16
2.
Risk factors relating to the Notes
The following paragraphs describe the principal risk factors that the Issuer believes are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risk associated with the Notes. 
2.1
Risks related to legal issues regarding the Notes
Credit Risk
As contemplated in Condition 4, the Notes and, where applicable, the Coupons relating to these constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsecured (subject to the provisions of Condition 5) and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer. An investment in the Notes involves credit risk on the Issuer. The value of the Notes will depend 
on the creditworthiness of the Issuer. If the creditworthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, the potential impact on 
the Noteholder could be very high. A deterioration in creditworthiness could give rise to very serious negative 
repercussions on the Noteholders because: (i) the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment 
obligations under the Notes, (ii) the market value of the Notes may decrease, and (iii) investors may lose all 
or part of their investment.
French insolvency law
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its corporate seat in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes 
insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent 
that, where applicable, the "centre of main interests" (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as 
amended) of the Issuer is located in France. 
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, 
insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into French 
law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such Ordonnance, applicable as from 1 October 
2021, amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption of restructuring plans 
under insolvency proceedings. According to this Ordonnance, "affected parties" (including notably creditors, 
and therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes for the purpose of adopting a restructuring 
plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect 
a sufficient commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the 
proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific 
veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into one or

--- Page 17 ---
17
several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden 
by a cross-class cram down.
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the participating 
members, no quorum being required.
If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, it can still be ratified by the court at 
the request of the Issuer or the receiver with the Issuer's consent and be imposed on dissenting classes through 
a cross-class cram down, under certain conditions.
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of Noteholders described in Condition 
12 will not be applicable to the extent they are not in compliance with compulsory insolvency law provisions 
that apply in these circumstances.
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. As a consequence, any decision taken by a class of affected parties, 
could negatively and significantly impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their 
investment, should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
Modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes
Condition 12 of the Notes contains provisions for calling General Meetings of Noteholders or consulting them 
by way of consultation in writing to consider matters affecting their interests generally. The Terms and 
Conditions permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did 
not attend (or were not represented) and vote at the relevant General Meeting, Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority and Noteholders who did not respond to, or rejected, a Written Resolution.
Noteholders may through Collective Decisions deliberate on proposals relating to the modification of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes subject to the limitations provided by French law. If a proposal is duly 
adopted through such a Collective Decision and such modifications were to impair or limit the rights of 
Noteholders, this could have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes.
By exception to the above provisions, Condition 12.10 of the Notes provides that (i) the provisions of Article 
L.228-65 I. 1° and 4° of the French Code de commerce (respectively providing for a prior approval of the 
General Meeting of the Noteholders of any change in corporate purpose or form of the Issuer or of an issue 
of bonds benefiting from a security (sûreté réelle)) and the related provisions of the French Code de commerce
shall not apply to the Notes and (ii) the provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 3° of the French Code de commerce
(providing for a prior approval of the Noteholders in relation to any proposal to merge or demerge the Issuer 
in the cases referred to in Articles L. 236-13 and L. 236-18 of the French Code de commerce) shall not apply 
to the Notes but only to the extent that such proposal relates to a merger or demerger within the Group. As a 
result of these exclusions, the prior approval of the Noteholders will not have to be obtained on any such 
matters which may affect their interests generally.
2.2
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each 
Tranche of Notes may carry varying risks for Noteholders depending on the specific features of such Notes.
2.2.1
Early redemption Risks
Notes subject to optional and early redemption by the Issuer
The Issuer has the option to redeem all of the Notes:

under a call option as provided in Condition 7.2.1 of the Terms and Conditions if, in the case of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms so specify; or

under a make-whole call option as provided in Condition 7.2.2 of the Terms and Conditions unless 
in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the Final Terms specify otherwise; or

under a clean-up call option as provided in Condition 7.2.3 of the Terms and Conditions if, in the 
case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms so specify; or

--- Page 18 ---
18

under a residual maturity call option as provided in Condition 7.2.4 of the Terms and Conditions if, 
in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms so specify.
Any optional redemption feature where the Issuer is given the right to redeem the Notes early is likely to limit 
the market value of such Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market 
value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This 
also may be true prior to any redemption period.
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. Prospective investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time.
As a consequence, redemption at the option of the Issuer could cause the yield anticipated by the Noteholders 
to be considerably less than expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the 
purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. Part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be 
lost, so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, 
investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only 
in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes.
In particular, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer, there is no obligation under the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes for the Issuer to inform investors if and when the threshold of 25% of the initial 
aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes referred to in Condition 7.2.3 (Clean-up Call 
Option) has been reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer's right to redeem will exist notwithstanding 
that, immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-up Call Option, the 
Notes may have been traded significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested.
With respect to the Residual Maturity Call Option, if such option is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer, in accordance with Condition 7.2.4 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes at any time as from (and including) the Residual Maturity Call Option Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms until (but excluding) the Maturity Date.
Risks related to partial redemption by the Issuer of the Notes
The Call Option (provided in Condition 7.2.1 of the Terms and Conditions) and the Make-Whole Redemption 
(provided in Condition 7.2.2 of the Terms and Conditions) are exercisable in whole or in part (if so provided 
in the case of the Call Option). If the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes in part, such partial redemption shall 
be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount 
redeemed. The exercise of such options by the Issuer in respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity of 
the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised. Depending on the proportion of 
the principal amount of all of the Notes so reduced, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of 
which such option is not exercised may become illiquid.
Risk related to the exercise of the Put Option by the Noteholders
Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the option of Noteholders and exercise of Noteholders' options) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes allows the Noteholders to exercise the Put Option with respect to a Series of 
Notes. Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is exercised, 
any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become 
illiquid.
Redemption for taxation reason
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to pay additional amounts in respect of any Notes due to any 
deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, as provided in 
Condition 7.6 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may and, in certain circumstances shall, 
redeem all of the Notes then outstanding in accordance with such Condition. As a consequence, investors that 
choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may not be able to do so at the same yield 
than the redeemed Notes.

--- Page 19 ---
19
2.2.2
Interest Rate Risks 
Floating Rate Notes
Condition 6.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Floating Rate Notes to be issued.
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be 
added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such reference rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not 
change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) which itself will change in 
accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be 
volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference 
rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant 
reference rate. Therefore, the amount of interest payable by the Issuer may vary and Noteholders may receive 
no interest. Should the reference rate be at any time negative, it could, notwithstanding the existence of the 
relevant margin, result in the actual floating rate, consisting in the reference rate and the relevant margin, be 
lower than the relevant margin, provided that in no event will the relevant interest amount be less than zero. 
The interest amount payable on any Interest Payment Date may be different from the amount payable on the 
initial or previous Interest Payment Date and may negatively impact the return under the Notes and result in 
a reduced market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of its Notes.
In addition, a key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on 
Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine 
a definitive yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment 
cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the relevant Final Terms
of a Tranche of Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment 
risk if market interest rates decline. As a result, Noteholders may lose all or part of their investments in the 
Notes and therefore their interests may be significantly negatively altered.
Fixed Rate Notes
Condition 6.1 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Fixed Rate Notes to be issued. Investment 
in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates 
may adversely affect the market value of the relevant Notes and potentially decrease the yield. As a 
consequence, the value on transfer of the Notes would be less than it would otherwise have been. The degree 
to which the market interest may vary presents a significant risk to the market value of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes if the Noteholder were to dispose of the Notes. As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the 
Noteholder may be lost on any transfer of the Notes, so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive 
the total amount of the capital invested.
Inflation Linked Notes
Condition 6.2.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for the issuance of Inflation Linked Notes. 
Inflation Linked Notes are debt securities which do not provide for predetermined redemption amounts and/or 
interest payments but amounts due in respect of principal and/or interest will be dependent upon the 
performance of an inflation index, which will be either (i) the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for 
all households in metropolitan France (the "CPI") as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National 
de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques ("INSEE"), or (ii) the harmonised index of consumer prices 
(excluding tobacco), or the relevant successor index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary 
Union (excluding tobacco) as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP") (each an "Inflation 
Index" and together, the "Inflation Indices"). If the value of the relevant index calculated at any time prior 
to the maturity date is lower than the value of the relevant index at the time of the issue of the Notes or at the 
time of purchase by the Noteholders, then the amount of interest payable by the Issuer and/or the principal of 
Inflation Linked Notes may vary. However, if the nominal amount to be repaid at maturity is below par, the 
Inflation Linked Notes will be redeemed at par.
The interest amount payable on any Interest Payment Date may be different from the amount payable on the 
initial or previous Interest Payment Date and may negatively impact the return under the Notes and result in 
a reduced market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of its Notes. Noteholders may receive no 
interest and it could materially and adversely affect the liquidity of the Notes and investors could lose all or 
part of their investment.

--- Page 20 ---
20
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes
Condition 6.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Fixed/Floating Rate Notes to be issued. 
Fixed/Floating rate Notes bear interest at a rate that will automatically, or that the Issuer may elect to convert 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to convert the 
interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be 
expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. Where the Notes
convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the fixed to floating rate Notes may be less favourable 
than then prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate Notes having the same reference rate. In addition, 
the new floating rate may be lower at any time than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and any such 
volatility may have an adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.
Investors should refer to risk factors set out in the risk factors entitled "Fixed Rate Notes" and "Floating Rate 
Notes".
Zero Coupon Notes
Condition 6.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Zero Coupon Notes to be issued. Changes 
in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the 
prices of ordinary Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest 
rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity 
and credit rating. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject 
to higher losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating 
Rate Notes. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a 
particularly high price risk and Noteholders may, as a result, lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial premium
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant issue price. The market values of 
securities issued at a substantial premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to 
general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the 
longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional 
interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at a substantial 
premium could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional interest-bearing 
securities.
Risks related to the regulation and reform of “benchmarks”
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 6.2.3(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and where 
the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes specify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes 
will be determined by reference to Reference Rates that constitute "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR), 
investors should be aware that such "benchmarks" are the subject of recent national and international 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are 
still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to 
disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Floating Rate Notes linked to 
or referencing such a "benchmark". Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the 
use of a benchmark within the European Union. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered with the 
comptetent authority of a Member State (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of "benchmarks" 
of administrators that are not authorised or registered with the comptetent authority of a Member State (or, if 
non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6.2.3(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation), the Benchmarks 
Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes referencing a benchmark, in particular if the 
methodology or other terms of the relevant benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements 
of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing or

--- Page 21 ---
21
increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark. More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have 
the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer 
or contribute to certain benchmarks; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain
benchmarks or (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain benchmarks. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating Rate Notes linked to or 
referencing a benchmark.
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has 
amended the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions 
applicable to critical benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021.
The Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation 
or wind-down of certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power to designate a statutory 
replacement for certain benchmarks on the European Commission or the relevant national authority, such 
replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments (such as certain Notes issued under the 
Programme) which contain no fallback provision or no suitable fallback provisions before the date of cessation 
of the benchmark concerned. This replacement could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and 
return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to or referencing such benchmark and may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time or may perform differently from the discontinued or unavailable 
benchmark. However, there are still some uncertainties as to the application of these regulatory provisions as 
implementing acts must still be adopted. In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country 
benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023. The European Commission is empowered to further extend 
this period until the end of 2025, if necessary.
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest 
on Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such benchmark would be determined for the 
relevant period pursuant to the fall-back provisions applicable to such Floating Rate Notes (please refer to the 
risk factor entitled "The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value 
of and return on any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks"" below). Depending on 
the manner in which a benchmark is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions, this may in certain 
circumstances, (i) if ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies, results in the application of a 
backward-looking, risk-free overnight rate, whereas the benchmark rate is expressed on the basis of a forward-
looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination 
applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied for the immediately 
preceding Interest Period for which the benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse 
effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a 
"benchmark".
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks"
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, Condition 6.2.3(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provides for 
certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an inter-bank offered 
rate (such as EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate (which could include, without limitation, any mid-
swap rate, but shall except SOFR and SONIA) and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published, 
becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer permitted 
lawfully to calculate interest on any Floating Rate Notes by reference to such benchmark under the 
Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility for the rate of 
interest to be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Terms and
Conditions of the Notes), with or without the application of an adjustment spread (which, if applied, could be 
positive or negative, and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors 
arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark), and may include amendments to the Terms and

--- Page 22 ---
22
Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as 
determined by the Independent Adviser and without the consent of the Noteholders.
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for a particular Interest Period, including where no Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined, may be that the rate of interest for such Interest Period 
be based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding Interest Period.
This ultimate fallback may result in the effective application of a Fixed Rate Notes linked to or referencing a 
"benchmark". In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and 
Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time.
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Floating 
Rate Notes.
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes linked to or 
referencing a "benchmark" or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount 
payable under, the Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". Investors should note that, the 
Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected consequences 
and, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment may not be favourable to 
such Noteholder.
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could result in the loss of a portion of the principal amount invested in 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes.
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as reference rates for Floating Rate Notes
Currently, the market continues to develop in relation to the adoption of the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
("SONIA") as an alternative reference rate to LIBOR. Investors should be aware that the market may adopt 
an application of SONIA that differs significantly from the provisions set out in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (see Condition 6.2 (Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) and used in 
relation to Notes with a floating rate of interest that reference a SONIA rate. Interest on Notes which reference 
a SONIA rate is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant interest period and immediately 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date and it could be difficult for investors to estimate in advance the 
interest amount which will be payable on such Notes. 
The use of Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) as a reference rate is subject to important 
limitations
The rate of interest on the Notes may be calculated on the basis of SOFR, (as further described under 
Condition 6.2 (Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). 
In June 2017, the New York Federal Reserve’s Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the "ARRC") 
announced SOFR as its recommended alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR. However, the composition and 
characteristics of SOFR are not the same as those of LIBOR. SOFR is a broad U.S. Treasury repo financing 
rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions. This means that SOFR is fundamentally different 
from LIBOR for two key reasons. First, SOFR is a secured rate, while LIBOR is an unsecured rate. Second, 
SOFR is an overnight rate, while LIBOR represents interbank funding over different maturities. As a result, 
SOFR may not perform in the same way as LIBOR would have at any time, including, without limitation, as 
a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, market volatility or global or regional economic, 
financial, political, or regulatory events. For example, since publication of SOFR began in April 2018, daily 
changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or other 
market rates.
As SOFR is an overnight funding rate, interest on SOFR-based Notes with interest periods longer than 
overnight will be calculated on the basis of either the arithmetic mean of SOFR over the relevant interest 
period or compounding SOFR during the relevant interest period. As a consequence of this calculation 
method, the amount of interest payable on each interest payment date will only be known a short period of

--- Page 23 ---
23
time prior to the relevant interest payment date. Noteholders therefore will not know in advance the interest 
amount which will be payable on such Notes.
Although the Federal Reserve Bank of New York has published historical indicative SOFR information going 
back to 2014, such prepublication of historical data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and 
approximations. Noteholders should not rely on any historical changes or trends in the SOFR as an indicator 
of future changes in the SOFR.
Also, since the SOFR is a relatively new market index, the Notes will likely have no established trading 
market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market 
terms for debt securities indexed on SOFR, may evolve over time, and trading prices of the Notes may be 
lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. Similarly, if the SOFR does not prove to 
be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of the Notes may be lower than those of debt 
securities linked to indices that are more widely used. Noteholders may not be able to sell the Notes at all or 
may not be able to sell the Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market and may consequently suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk.
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of the SOFR is 
subject to important limitations and disclaimers, including that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York may 
alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of the SOFR at 
any time without notice. In addition, SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on 
data received from other sources. The SOFR could be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that 
is materially adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. If the manner in which the SOFR is calculated is 
changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that change or discontinuance may result in a reduction or elimination 
of the amount of interest payable on the Notes and a reduction in the trading prices of the Notes which would 
have an adverse effect on the Noteholders who could lose part of their investment.
2.3
Risks related to the market of the Notes
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks:
Market value of the Notes
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant trading platforms where the Notes 
will be admitted. Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading 
on Euronext Paris and/or on any other Regulated Market or any other trading platforms as the case may be 
following the passporting of the Base Prospectus. Therefore, the market value of the Notes will be affected 
by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of additional factors, including, but not limited to, market 
interest, yield rates or the time remaining to the Maturity Date.
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and political 
events in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally and the trading platforms
on which the Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity 
may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by a purchaser.
No active secondary market for the Notes
Although it may be specified that particular series of Notes are expected to be admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris, any particular Tranche of Notes may not be so admitted and an active trading market may not develop. 
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for 
Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more 
price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have an adverse effect on the market value 
of Notes.

--- Page 24 ---
24
Noteholders may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that would enable Noteholders to realise their 
anticipated yield. This could have a material adverse impact on the Noteholders and, as a result, Noteholders 
could lose all or part of their investments in the Notes.
Risks relating to Renminbi-denominated Notes 
Notes denominated in Renminbi ("RMB Notes") may be issued under the Programme. RMB Notes contain 
particular risks for potential investors, including the risks described hereafter.
Renminbi is not freely convertible; there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi into and 
out of the PRC; there is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC; each of which may affect the 
liquidity of the RMB Notes and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi out of the PRC to service RMB Notes.
The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Series of Notes may specify that the Notes are denominated in 
Renminbi. Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC 
Government") continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and other currencies.
Although the People’s Bank of China ("PBoC") has implemented policies improving accessibility to 
Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in the past,  the PRC Government may not liberalise control over 
cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, the schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation may be 
discontinued or new regulations in the PRC may be promulgated in the future which have the effect of 
restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of the PRC. Despite the efforts in recent years 
to internationalise the currency, the PRC Government may impose interim or long-term restrictions on the 
cross-border remittance of Renminbi.
In the event that funds cannot be remitted out of the PRC in Renminbi, the overall availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under the RMB 
Notes may be adversely affected. As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border 
Renminbi fund flows, the availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited.
Although the offshore Renminbi market is expected to grow in depth and size, this is subject to constraints 
imposed by PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. New PRC law and regulations may be 
promulgated or the settlement arrangements between the PBoC and certain financial institutions in respect of 
limited clearing of Renminbi outside of the PRC may be terminated or amended in the future, each of which 
may have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of its RMB Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to 
source Renminbi outside the PRC to service the RMB Notes, the Issuer may not be able to source such 
Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. Should the Issuer resort to using another currency, such as US Dollar, 
to respect its payment obligations under the RMB Notes, the relevant Noteholders may lose part of their 
investment when converting such currency back into Renminbi, depending on the prevailing exchange rate at 
that time.
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies. The Issuer will pay principal and 
interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if 
an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's 
Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly 
change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify 
exchange controls. Such risks generally depend on a number of factors, including financial, economic and 
political events over which the Issuer has no control. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.
Government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest 
or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 25 ---
25
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the information contained in the following 
sections which are incorporated in, and shall be deemed to form part of, this Base Prospectus, which have been 
previously published and filed with the AMF:

the sections referred to in the tables below of the French language consolidated financial statements for the nine 
months period ended 30 September 2021 of the Issuer (the "Third Quarter 2021 Financial Information") 
(https://www.veolia.com/sites/g/files/dvc4206/files/document/2021/11/Finance_Commentaire%20sur%20les%
20r%C3%A9sultats_Comptes%20consolid%C3%A9s%20au%2030%20septembre%202021.pdf); 

the sections referred to in the tables below of the French language amendement au Document d'enregistrement 
universel of the Issuer (the "Amendment to the 2020 Universal Registration Document") which was filed with 
the 
AMF 
on 
15 
September 
2021
under 
registration 
number 
D.21-0145-A01 
(https://www.veolia.com/sites/g/files/dvc4206/files/document/2021/09/Finance_Veolia_Amendement%20au%2
0document%20d%27enregistrement%20universel%202020.PDF);

the sections referred to in the tables below of the French language Document d'enregistrement universel of the 
Issuer for the financial year 2020 (the "2020 Universal Registration Document") which was filed with the AMF 
on 
17 
March 
2021 
under 
registration 
number 
D.21-0145 
(https://www.veolia.com/sites/g/files/dvc4206/files/document/2021/03/Finance_URD_2020_Veolia_complet.p
df);

the sections referred to in the tables below of the French language Document d'enregistrement universel of the 
Issuer for the financial year 2019 (the "2019 Universal Registration Document") which was filed with the AMF 
on 
17 
March 
2020
under 
registration 
number 
D.20-0136
(https://www.veolia.com/sites/g/files/dvc2491/files/document/2020/03/Finance_VEOLIA_ENVIRONNEMEN
T_URD_REF-2019_VDEF.pdf);

the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" of the following base prospectuses (together the "EMTN 
Previous Conditions") relating to the Programme included in:
-
the base prospectus dated 17 September 2020 (pages 34 to 70) filed with the AMF under number 20-
0464
(https://www.veolia.com/sites/g/files/dvc4206/files/document/2020/09/Finance_VEOLIA-
2020_EMTN_Programme_Base_Prospectus.PDF)
-
the base prospectus dated 25 June 2019 (pages 59 to 94) filed with the AMF under number 19-298
(https://www.veolia.com/sites/g/files/dvc4206/files/document/2019/06/Finance-BP-2019-029800.pdf);
-
the base prospectus dated 22 June 2018 (pages 59 to 90) filed with the AMF under number 18-258
(https://www.veolia.com/sites/g/files/dvc4206/files/document/2018/06/Veolia_Env_-_Update_2018_-
_Base_Prospectus_avec_numero_de_visa_0.pdf);
-
the base prospectus dated 27 September 2016 (pages 60 to 93) filed with the AMF under number 16-450
(https://www.veolia.com/sites/g/files/dvc4206/files/document/2016/12/Veolia-Env-Base-Prospectus-
2016-27-09-2016.pdf);
-
the base prospectus dated 3 July 2014 (pages 55 to 88) filed with the AMF under number 14-354
(https://www.veolia.com/sites/g/files/dvc4206/files/document/2018/12/Finance_Veolia_2014_EMTN_
Base_Prospectus_final_version.PDF);
-
the base prospectus dated 19 October 2011 (pages 27 to 50) filed with the AMF under number 11-474
(https://www.veolia.com/sites/g/files/dvc4206/files/document/2020/09/Finance-08-
Base_Prospectus_dated_19_October_2011.pdf); and
-
the base prospectus dated 4 May 2007 (pages 28 to 51) filed with the AMF under number 07-141
(https://www.veolia.com/sites/g/files/dvc4206/files/document/2020/09/Finance_EMTN_Prospectus_da
ted_4_May_2007.pdf).

--- Page 26 ---
26
which are identified in the cross reference tables below. Such sections are incorporated in, and shall be deemed to form 
part of this Base Prospectus. Non-incorporated parts of the documents listed above are either non-relevant for the 
investors or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus.
Any statement contained in a document or part of a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be 
modified or superseded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies 
or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, be part of this Base Prospectus. Statements contained in any 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) published in accordance with section 
headed “Supplement to the Base Prospectus” of this Base Prospectus shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, 
by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a 
document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.
The Amendment to the 2020 Universal Registration Document, the 2020 Universal Registration Document and the 
2019 Universal Registration Document are available for viewing on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) 
and on the website of the Issuer (www.finance.veolia.com). The Third Quarter 2021 Financial Information is available 
for viewing on the website of the Issuer (www.finance.veolia.com ) and on the website of info-financiere 
(https://www.info-financiere.fr). Free English translations of the Third Quarter 2021 Financial Information, the 
Amendment to the 2020 Universal Registration Document, the 2020 Universal Registration Document and the 2019
Universal Registration Document are also available for viewing on the website of the Issuer (www.finance.veolia.com).
These documents are free translations of the corresponding French language documents and are furnished for 
information purposes only and are not incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. The only binding versions are the 
French language versions.
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the information on the 
websites to which this Base Prospectus (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any information on the websites which 
appear in the documents incorporated by reference) refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the AMF.
For the avoidance of doubt, the information requested to be disclosed by the Issuer as a result of Annex 7 and Annex 
20 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 as amended, supplementing the Prospectus Regulation 
and not referred to in the cross reference lists below is either covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus or is not 
relevant to the investors. 
The relevant page references for the information incorporated by reference herein in response to the specific 
requirements of Annex 7 and Annex 20 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 as amended, are as
follows:

--- Page 27 ---
27
Annex VII of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 as 
amended – Registration document for wholesale non-equity securities
Information incorporated by reference
Page no. in the relevant
document
3.
RISK FACTORS
3.1
A description of the material risks that are specific to the issuer 
and that may affect the issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the securities, in a limited number of categories, in a 
section headed ‘Risk Factors’.
In each category the most material risks, in the assessment of the 
issuer, offeror or person asking for admission to trading on a 
regulated market, taking into account the negative impact on the 
issuer and the probability of their occurrence, shall be set out 
first. The risk factors shall be corroborated by the content of the 
registration document.
pp. 70 and 79 to 106 in 
2020
Universal 
Registration Document 
pp. 
21 
to 
26 
in 
Amendment to the 2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document
4.
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER
4.1
History and development of the Issuer
4.1.1
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer
p. 506 in 2020 Universal
Registration Document
4.1.2
The place of registration of the Issuer, its registration number 
and legal entity identifier (“LEI”).
p. 506 in 2020 Universal 
Registration Document
4.1.3
The date of incorporation and length of life of the Issuer, except 
where the period is indefinite.
p. 506 in 2020 Universal 
Registration Document
4.1.4
The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the legislation under 
which the Issuer operates, its country of incorporation, the 
address, telephone number of its registered office (or principal 
place of business if different from its registered office) and 
website of the Issuer, if any, with a disclaimer that the 
information on the website does not form part of the prospectus 
unless that information is incorporated by reference into the 
prospectus.
p. 506 in 2020 Universal 
Registration Document
4.1.5
Any recent events particular to the Issuer and which are to a 
material extent relevant to the evaluation of the Issuer’s 
solvency.
p. 323 in 2020 Universal 
Registration Document
pp. 5 to 20 in Amendment 
to the 2020 Universal 
Registration Document
5.
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
5.1
Principal activities 
5.1.1
A brief description of the issuer’s principal activities stating the 
main categories of products sold and/or services performed.
pp. 23 to 27 in 2020
Universal 
Registration 
Document

--- Page 28 ---
28
5.1.2
The basis for any statements made by the issuer regarding its 
competitive position.
pp. 9 to 10 and 13 to 14 in 
Amendment to the 2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document
pp. 36 to 37 in 2020
Universal 
Registration 
Document
6.
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE
6.1
If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the group 
and the issuer’s position within the group. This may be in the 
form of, or accompanied by, a diagram of the organisational 
structure if this helps to clarify the structure. 
pp. 42 to 43 in 2020
Universal 
Registration 
Document
6.2
If the issuer is dependent upon other entities within the group, 
this must be clearly stated together with an explanation of this 
dependence.
p. 514 in 2020 Universal 
Registration Document
8.
PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES
8.1
Where an issuer includes on a voluntary basis a profit forecast 
or a profit estimate, that profit forecast or estimate shall be clear 
and unambiguous and contain a statement setting out the 
principal assumptions upon which the issuer has based its 
forecast or estimate. The forecast or estimate shall comply with 
the following principles:
(a) there must be a clear distinction between assumptions 
about factors which the members of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies can influence and 
assumptions about factors which are exclusively 
outside the influence of the members of the 
administrative, management or supervisory bodies;
(b) the 
assumptions 
must 
be 
reasonable, 
readily 
understandable by investors, specific and precise and 
not relate to the general accuracy of the estimates 
underlying the forecast.
(c) in the case of a forecast, the assumptions shall draw the 
investor’s attention to those uncertain factors which 
could materially change the outcome of the forecast.
p. 28 in Third Quarter 
2021 
Financial 
Information
p. 78 in Amendment to the 
2020 
Universal 
Registration Document
p. 323 in 2020 Universal 
Registration Document
8.2
The prospectus shall include a statement that the profit forecast 
or estimate has been compiled and prepared on a basis which is 
both:
(a)
comparable with the historical financial information;
(b)
consistent with the issuer’s accounting policies.
p. 78 in Amendment to the 
2020 
Universal 
Registration Document
p. 323 in 2020 Universal 
Registration Document
9.
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
9.1
Names, business addresses and functions within the issuer of the 
following persons and an indication of the principal activities 
performed by them outside of that issuer where these are 
significant with respect to that issuer:
pp. 13 and 14 in Third 
Quarter 2021 Financial 
Information

--- Page 29 ---
29
(a) members of the administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies;
pp. 108 to 120 in 2020
Universal 
Registration 
Document
pp. 16 and 27 to 28 in 
Amendment to the 2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document
9.2
Administrative, management, and supervisory bodies conflicts 
of interests
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the issuer, 
of the persons referred to in item 9.1, and their private interests 
and or other duties must be clearly stated. In the event that there 
are no such conflicts, a statement to that effect must be made.
p. 121 in 2020 Universal 
Registration Document 
10.
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS
10.1
To the extent known to the issuer, state whether the issuer is 
directly or indirectly owned or controlled and by whom and 
describe the nature of such control and describe the measures in 
place to ensure that such control is not abused.
p. 37 in Amendment to the 
2020 
Universal 
Registration Document
pp. 501 to 503 in 2020
Universal 
Registration 
Document
10.2
A description of any arrangements, known to the issuer, the 
operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change 
in control of the issuer.
pp. 
37 
to 
38 
in 
Amendment to the 2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document
11.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES
11.1
Historical financial information
11.1.1
Historical financial information covering the latest two financial 
years (at least 24 months) or such shorter period as the issuer has 
been in operation and the audit report in respect of each year
Consolidated financial statements third quarter of 2021:
pp. 16 to 26 in Third 
Quarter 2021 Financial 
Information
Unaudited consolidated financial statements first half of 2021:
pp. 
81 
to 
125 
in 
Amendment to the 2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document
Consolidated financial statements 2020:

--- Page 30 ---
30
pp. 328 to 437 in 2020
Universal 
Registration 
Document
audit report: pp. 438 to 
441 in 2020
Universal 
Registration Document
Non-consolidated financial statements 2020:
pp. 442 to 483 in 2020
Universal 
Registration 
Document
audit report: pp. 484 to 
486 in 2020
Universal 
Registration Document
Consolidated financial statements 2019:
pp. 108 to 216 in 2019
Universal 
Registration 
Document
audit report: pp. 217 to 
220 in 2019 Universal
Registration Document
Non-consolidated financial statements 2019:
pp. 221 to 257 in 2019 
Universal
Registration 
Document
audit report: pp. 258 to 
260 in 2019 Universal
Registration Document
11.1.3
Accounting standards
The financial information must be prepared according to 
International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the 
Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002
Consolidated financial statements third quarter of 2021:
p. 30 in Third Quarter 
2021 
Financial 
Information
Unaudited consolidated financial statements first half of 2021:
pp. 91 to 92 in Amendment 
to the 2020 Universal 
Registration Document
Consolidated financial statements 2020:

--- Page 31 ---
31
pp. 337 to 339 in 2020
Universal 
Registration 
Document
Consolidated financial statements 2019:
pp. 117 to 119 in 2019 
Universal
Registration 
Document
11.1.4
Where the audited financial information is prepared according 
to national accounting standards, the  financial information must 
include at least the following:
Non-consolidated financial statements 2020:
(a) the balance sheet;
(b) the income statement;
(c) the accounting policies and explanatory notes.
pp. 442 to 445 in 2020
Universal 
Registration 
Document
pp. 446 to 447 in 2020
Universal 
Registration 
Document
pp. 451 to 483 in 2020
Universal 
Registration 
Document
Non-consolidated financial statements 2019:
(a) the balance sheet;
(b) the income statement;
(c) the accounting policies and explanatory notes.
pp. 221 to 224 in 2019 
Universal
Registration 
Document
pp. 225 to 226 in 2019 
Universal
Registration 
Document
pp. 229 to 257 in 2019 
Universal
Registration 
Document
11.1.5
Consolidated financial statements 
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and consolidated financial 
statements, include at least the consolidated financial statements 
in the registration document
Consolidated financial statements third quarter of 2021:
(a) the balance sheet;
(b) the income statement;
(c) the accounting policies and explanatory notes.
pp. 16 to 26 in Third 
Quarter 2021 Financial 
Information

--- Page 32 ---
32
Unaudited consolidated financial statements first half of 2021:
(a) the balance sheet;
(b) the income statement;
(c) the accounting policies and explanatory notes.
pp. 
81 
to 
82 
in 
Amendment to the 2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document
p. 83 in Amendment to the 
2020 
Universal 
Registration Document
p. 
90
to 
125 
in 
Amendment to the 2020
Universal 
Registration 
Document
Consolidated financial statements 2020:
(a) the balance sheet;
(b) the income statement;
(c) the accounting policies and explanatory notes.
pp. 328 to 329 in 2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document
p. 330 in 2020 Universal 
Registration Document
pp. 337 to 437 in 2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document
Consolidated financial statements 2019:
(a) the balance sheet;
(b) the income statement;
(c) the accounting policies and explanatory notes.
pp. 108 to 109 in 2019 
Universal 
Registration 
Document
p. 110 in 2019 Universal 
Registration Document
pp. 116 to 216 in 2019 
Universal 
Registration 
Document
11.1.6
Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited financial 
information may not be older than 18 months from the date of 
the registration document
Unaudited consolidated financial statements first half of 2021:
pp. 
81 
to 
82 
in 
Amendment to the 2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document
Consolidated financial statements 2020:

--- Page 33 ---
33
pp. 328 to 329 in 2020
Universal 
Registration 
Document
Non-consolidated financial statements 2020:
pp. 442 to 445 in 2020
Universal 
Registration 
Document
11.2
Auditing of historical annual financial information
11.2.1
The historical financial information must be independently 
audited. The audit report shall be prepared in accordance with 
the Directive 2006/43/CE and Regulation 537/2014/EU.
Unaudited consolidated financial statement first half of 2021:
p. 126 in Amendment to 
the 
2020 
Universal 
Registration Document
Consolidated financial statements 2020:
pp. 438 to 441 in 2020
Universal 
Registration 
Document
Non-consolidated financial statements 2020:
pp. 484 to 486 in 2020
Universal 
Registration 
Document
Consolidated financial statements 2019:
pp. 117 to 119 in 2019 
Universal 
Registration 
Document
pp. 217 to 220 in 2019 
Universal
Registration 
Document
Non-consolidated financial statements 2019:
pp. 258 to 260 in 2019 
Universal
Registration 
Document
11.2.2
Indication of other information in the registration document 
which has been audited by the auditors.
N/A
11.3
Legal and arbitration proceedings
11.3.1
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a period 
covering at least the previous 12 months which may have, or 
have had in the recent past significant effects on the Issuer and/or 
pp. 
120 
to 
124 
in 
Amendment to the 2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document

--- Page 34 ---
34
group’s financial position or profitability, or provide an 
appropriate negative statement.
pp. 426 to 429 and 511 to 
513 in 2020
Universal 
Registration Document
pp. 
40 
to 
42 
in 
Amendment to the 2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document
12.
MATERIAL CONTRACTS
12.1
A brief summary of all material contracts that are not entered 
into in the ordinary course of the issuer’s business, which could 
result in any group member being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the issuer’s ability to meet its 
obligations to security holders in respect of the securities being 
issued.
pp. 8 to 11 in Third 
Quarter 2021 Financial 
Information
pp. 6 to 9 in Amendment 
to the 2020 Universal 
Registration Document
p. 514 in 2020 Universal 
Registration Document
Annex XX of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as 
amended – Pro Forma Information
Information incorporated by reference
Page no. in the relevant 
document
1. 
CONTENTS OF PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION
1.1
The pro forma financial information shall consist of:
(a) an introduction setting out:
(i) the purpose for which the pro forma financial information 
has been prepared, including a description of the transaction or 
significant commitment and the businesses or entities involved;
(ii) the period or date covered by the pro forma financial 
information;
(iii) the fact that the pro forma financial information has been 
prepared for illustrative purposes only;
(iv) an explanation that:
(i) the pro forma financial information illustrates the impact of 
the transaction as if the transaction had been undertaken at an 
earlier date;
(ii) the hypothetical financial position or results included in the 
pro forma financial information may differ from the entity’s 
actual financial position or results;
pp. 
134 
to 
139 
in 
Amendment to the 2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document

--- Page 35 ---
35
(b) a profit and loss account, a balance sheet or both, depending 
on the circumstances presented in a columnar format composed 
of:
(i) historical unadjusted information;
(ii) accounting policy adjustments, where necessary;
(iii) pro forma adjustments;
(iv) the results of the pro forma financial information in the final 
column;
pp. 
140 
to 
142 
in 
Amendment to the 2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document
(c) accompanying notes explaining:
(i) the sources from which the unadjusted financial information 
has been extracted and whether or not an audit or review report 
on the source has been published;
(ii) the basis upon which the pro forma financial information is 
prepared;
(iii) source and explanation for each adjustment;
(iv) whether each adjustment in respect of a pro forma profit 
and loss statement is expected to have a continuing impact on 
the issuer or not;
pp. 139 and 143 to 163 in 
Amendment to the 2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document
(d) where applicable, the financial information and interim 
financial information of the (or to be) acquired businesses or 
entities used in the preparation of the pro forma financial 
information must be included in the prospectus.
pp. 
143 
to 
146 
in 
Amendment to the 2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document
2. 
PRINCIPLES IN PREPARING AND PRESENTING PRO FORMA FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION
2.1
The pro forma financial information shall be identified as such 
in order to distinguish it from historical financial information.
The pro forma financial information must be prepared in a 
manner consistent with the accounting policies adopted by the 
issuer in its last or next financial statements.
pp. 
146 
to 
147 
in 
Amendment to the 2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document
2.2
Pro forma information may only be published in respect of:
(a) the last completed financial period; and/or
(b) the most recent interim period for which relevant unadjusted 
information has been published or are included in the 
registration document/prospectus
p. 139 in Amendment to 
the 
2020 
Universal 
Registration Document
2.3
Pro forma adjustments must comply with the following:
(a) be clearly shown and explained;
(b) present all significant effects directly attributable to the 
transaction;
(c) be factually supportable.
pp. 
143 
to 
163 
in 
Amendment to the 2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document

--- Page 36 ---
36
2.4
Pro forma alternative performance measures 
p. 4 in Amendment to the 
2020 
Universal 
Registration Document
pp. 
163 
to 
175 
in 
Amendment to the 2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document
3. 
REQUIREMENTS FOR AN ACCOUNTANT/AUDIT REPORT
The prospectus shall include a report prepared by the 
independent accountants or auditors stating that in their opinion:
(a) the pro forma financial information has been properly 
compiled on the basis stated;
(b) that the basis referred to in (a) is consistent with the 
accounting policies of the issuer.
pp. 
173 
to 
174 
in 
Amendment to the 2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purposes only of further 
issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued under the relevant 
EMTN Previous Conditions.
EMTN Previous Conditions
Base Prospectus dated 17 September 2020
Pages 34 to 70
Base Prospectus dated 25 June 2019
Pages 59 to 94
Base Prospectus dated 22 June 2018
Pages 59 to 90
Base Prospectus dated 27 September 2016
Pages 60 to 93
Base Prospectus dated 3 July 2014
Pages 55 to 88
Base Prospectus dated 19 October 2011
Pages 27 to 50
Base Prospectus dated 4 May 2007
Pages 28 to 51
Non-incorporated parts of the base prospectuses of the Issuer dated 17 September 2020, 25 June 2019, 22 June 2018,  
27 September 2016, 3 July 2014, 19 October 2011 and 4 May 2007 respectively are not relevant for investors.

--- Page 37 ---
37
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions of 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as 
amended, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the 
information included or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any 
Notes whose inclusion would reasonably be required by investors and their professional advisers, the Issuer will 
prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a restated Base Prospectus, which, 
in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market, shall 
constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus for the purposes of the relevant provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 10 December 2022. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event 
of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no 
longer valid.
Any supplement to the Base Prospectus shall be (a) published on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and 
the Issuer (www.finance.veolia.com) and (b) available for inspection, upon request and free of charge, during usual 
business hours, on any weekday at the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 38 ---
38
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions 
of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes.
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents 
of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant provisions of the Final Terms. In the 
case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of 
the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-
applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. All capitalised terms that are not 
defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in the 
Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme.
The Notes are issued with the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated 10 December 2021 between 
Veolia Environnement, Société Générale as fiscal agent, paying agent, redenomination agent, consolidation agent and 
calculation agent, and the other agents named in it (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the "Agency 
Agreement"). The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the redenomination agent, the consolidation agent and the 
calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying 
Agents" (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the "Redenomination Agent", the "Consolidation Agent"
and the "Calculation Agent(s)".
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below.
1.
Definitions and interpretation
1.1
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires:
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date, unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Account Holder" means any authorised intermediary institution entitled, either directly or indirectly, to hold accounts 
on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the 
depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream").
"AMF" means the Autorité des marchés financiers.
"Amortisation Yield" means the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) used to calculate the Amortised Nominal 
Amount of a Zero Coupon Note, in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7.5.1.
"Amortised Nominal Amount" means the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, 
which shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7.5.1, the Early Redemption Amount upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7.6 or Condition 7.9 or upon it becoming due and payable as provided 
in Condition 10.
"Broken Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be.
"Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"Business Day" means:
(a)
in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the relevant Business Centre(s) (if any); and/or
(b)
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in Renminbi in Hong Kong and in the relevant Business Centre(s) (if any); and/or

--- Page 39 ---
39
(c)
in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro and Renminbi, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the Principal Financial Centre for such 
currency and in the relevant Business Centre(s) (if any).
"Call Option" means any option of the Issuer as may be provided in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with 
Condition 7.2.1.
"Code" means the French Code monétaire et financier.
"Coupon" has the meaning given in Condition 2.1.
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period of time 
(from and including the first calendar day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an 
Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"):
(a)
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual - ISDA" or "Act/Act" or "Act/Act (ISDA)" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of calendar days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of calendar days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365).
(b)
if "Actual/365 - FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is the actual 
number of calendar days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose denominator is 365. If part of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual/365 - FBF shall mean the sum of (i) the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator is 
365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number of actual calendar days elapsed during the leap year 
and whose denominator is 366.
(c)
if "Actual/Actual - FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of each calculation, the fraction 
whose numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during such period and whose denominator is 
365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Calculation Period).
(d)
if "Actual/Actual - ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms:
(i)
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it falls, 
the number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
calendar days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and
(ii)
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:
(A)
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of calendar days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; and
(B)
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of calendar days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year,
in each case where:
"Determination Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the Interest Payment Date, and
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to 
but excluding the next Determination Date.

--- Page 40 ---
40
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365.
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360.
if "30/360" or "360/360 (Bond Basis)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1)
    360
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the last 
calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the calendar day immediately following 
the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30.
(e)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of calendar days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1)
     360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following 
the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.

--- Page 41 ---
41
(f)
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified hereon, the number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1)
360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the last 
calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following 
the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
calendar day is the last calendar day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that calendar day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
"Definitive Materialised Bearer Note" has the meaning given in Condition 2.3.
"Dematerialised Note", "Dematerialised Bearer Note", "Dematerialised Registered Note", "Dematerialised 
Administered Registered Note" and "Dematerialised Fully Registered Note" have the respective meanings given 
in Condition 2.1.
"Early Redemption Amount" means the amount payable in respect of any Note upon redemption of such Note 
pursuant to Condition 7.6 or Condition 7.9, or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10, which 
shall be determined in accordance with Condition 7.5.
"EEA" means the European Economic Area.
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that have adopted the single 
currency in accordance with the treaty establishing the European Community, as amended.
"Event of Default" has the meaning given in Condition 10.
"Exercise Notice" has the meaning given in Condition 7.3.
"FBF" means the Fédération Bancaire Française.
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward 
financial instruments and the technical schedules (additifs techniques) published from time to time by the FBF
excluding the FBF benchmarks events technical schedule published by the FBF in February 2020, as may be 
supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"FBF Rate" has the meaning given in Condition 6.2.
"Final Redemption Amount" in respect of any Note means the amount to be redeemed on the Maturity Date in relation 
to such Note, which shall be determined in accordance with Condition 7.1.
"Final Terms" means, in relation to a Series or Tranche of Notes, the final terms of that Series or Tranche of Notes.

--- Page 42 ---
42
"Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"Fixed Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be.
"Fixed Rate Note" means any Note bearing interest at a fixed rate.
"Floating Rate Note" means any Note bearing interest at a variable rate.
"General Meeting" has the meaning given in Condition 12.
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), 
court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the 
regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong.
"Illiquidity" means that the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid, other than as a result 
of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-Transferability, as determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi Dealers.
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert any amount 
due in respect of RMB Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such 
impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the 
Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"Inflation Linked Note" means any Note, interest on which is to be calculated by reference to either the consumer 
price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan France (the "CPI"), as calculated and published 
monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques ("INSEE") or the harmonised index of 
consumer prices (excluding tobacco), or the relevant successor index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European 
Monetary Union (excluding tobacco) as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP") (each an 
"Inflation Index" and together, the "Inflation Indices").
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be.
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Period or the interest amount in 
relation to RMB Notes, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day 
falling two TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is Euro or 
(ii) the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two (2) Business 
Days in the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling 
nor Euro.
"Interest Payment Date(s)" means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) 
the next Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest 
Payment Date.
"ISDA Rate" has the meaning given in Condition 6.2.
"Issue Date" in respect of any Notes means the date of issuance of such Notes, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Margin" means the percentage per annum indicated as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be.
"Masse" has the meaning given in Condition 12.
"Materialised Note" and "Materialised Bearer Note" have the meanings given in Condition 2.1.

--- Page 43 ---
43
"Materialised Note Agent" means any agent appointed by the Issuer in respect of a Series of Materialised Notes 
pursuant to Condition 2.1.2.
"Maturity Date" in respect of a Note means the date on which such Note shall be fully redeemed.
"Maximum Rate of Interest" and "Minimum Rate of Interest" have the respective meanings given in the relevant 
Final Terms, as the case may be.
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to deliver Renminbi 
between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong, other 
than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is 
impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation).
"Optional Redemption Amount" means the amount payable in respect of any Note upon redemption of such Note 
pursuant to Condition 7.2.1 or Condition 7.3, as the case may be.
"Optional Redemption Date(s)" and "Option Exercise Date(s)" means the date or dates specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms, as the case may be.
"Payment Business Day" means a day:
(a)
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business or in the case of 
Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place 
of presentation, and on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant 
Financial Centre(s) (if any), and
(b)
in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro, where payment is to be made by transfer to an account 
maintained with a bank in such currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the 
relevant currency in the Principal Financial Centre of the country of such currency, or in the case of a payment 
in Euro, which is a TARGET Settlement Day.
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China.
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the principal financial centre of the country of 
the Specified Currency or, if the Specified Currency is Euro, the Euro-zone. 
"Principal Subsidiary" means at any relevant time a Subsidiary of the Issuer which is consolidated by way of global 
integration (intégration globale) in the audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and:
(a)
whose total assets or operating income (or, where the Subsidiary in question prepares consolidated accounts 
whose total consolidated assets or consolidated operating income, as the case may be) attributable to the Issuer 
represent not less than 15 % of the total consolidated assets or the consolidated operating income of the Issuer, 
all as calculated by reference to the then latest audited accounts (or consolidated accounts, as the case may 
be) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its consolidated 
subsidiaries, or
(b)
to which is transferred all or substantially all the assets and undertaking of a Subsidiary which immediately 
prior to such transfer was a Principal Subsidiary.
"Put Option" means any option of the Noteholders as may be provided in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with 
Condition 7.3.
"Rate Multiplier" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be.
"Rate of Exchange" means the rate of exchange specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be.
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes, which are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Redenomination Date" has the meaning given in Condition 2.4.

--- Page 44 ---
44
"Reference Banks" means the banks specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or in the event that no such banks 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms or that the Calculation Agent determines that any bank so specified is not 
providing offered quotations of the Reference Rate, the principal Euro-zone office of any major bank selected by the 
Calculation Agent in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR.
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or any successor or replacement rate as 
provided in Condition 6.2.3(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
"Registration Agent" means any person or entity designated in the Final Terms of a Series of Dematerialised 
Registered Notes to act as agent on behalf of the Issuer for the purpose of opening and maintaining accounts for the 
holders of Notes of such Series.
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated in a Member State of the EEA, as defined in Directive
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended.
"Relevant Date" in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on which payment in respect of such Note or Coupon 
first becomes due or, if any amount of money payable is improperly withheld or refused, the date on which payment 
in full of the amount outstanding is made or in the case of Materialised Notes, if earlier, the date seven (7) calendar 
days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note or Coupon 
being made in accordance with these Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made 
upon such presentation.
"Relevant Debt" means any present or future indebtedness in the form of, or represented by, bonds, notes, debentures, 
loan stock or other securities that, at the time of the issue, are capable of being, or are intended to be, quoted, listed or
ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, automated trading system, over-the-counter or other securities market.
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Renminbi Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international reputation active in the Renminbi 
exchange market in Hong Kong reasonably selected by the Issuer.
"Representative" has the meaning given in Condition 12.
"Restructuring" has the meaning given in Condition 10.6.
"RMB Note" means a Note denominated in Renminbi.
"RMB Rate Calculation Agent" means the agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer for the determination of 
the RMB Spot Rate or identified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"RMB Rate Calculation Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong and in New York City.
"RMB Rate Calculation Date" means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation Business Days before the due date 
for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount under the Conditions.
"RMB Spot Rate" for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot CNY/US dollar exchange rate for the purchase 
of US dollars with CNY in the over-the-counter CNY exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement on the relevant 
due date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on 
such RMB Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If such rate 
is not available, the RMB Rate Calculation Agent will determine the RMB Spot Rate at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong 
time) on the RMB Rate Calculation Date as the most recently available CNY/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for 
settlement on the relevant due date for payment reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, 
which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the 
display page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page 
as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate.
"Series" has the meaning given in Condition 2.5.
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 45 ---
45
"Specified Denomination" has the meaning given in Condition 2.2.
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any person or entity at any time, any other person or entity (whether or not now 
existing) as defined in Article L.233-1 of the French Code de commerce or any other person or entity controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by such person or entity, within the meaning of Article L.233-3 of the French Code de commerce.
"Suez SA" means a société anonyme à conseil d’administration incorporated under French law, whose registered office 
is located at Tour CB21, 16, place de l’Iris, 92040 Paris La Défense Cedex, registered with the Registre du commerce 
et des sociétés of Nanterre under number 433 466 570.
"Talon" has the meaning given in Condition 2.1.
"TARGET Settlement Day" means a day on which the TARGET 2 System is operating.
"TARGET 2 System" means the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment 
system which utilises a single shared platform or any successor thereto. 
"Tranche" has the meaning given in Condition 2.5.
"US Dollar Equivalent" means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into US dollars using the RMB Spot Rate 
for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent.
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note the interest basis of which is specified to be "Zero Coupon" in the relevant Final 
Terms.
1.2
Interpretation: In these Conditions, unless a contrary indication appears:
1.2.1
the terms "holder of Notes", "holder of any Note" and "Noteholder" refer to (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder 
or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes; (ii) in 
the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note and the 
Coupons or Talon relating thereto; and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes in respect of which a 
Temporary Global Certificate has been issued and is outstanding, each person (other than a clearing 
institution) who appears as a holder of such Notes or of a particular nominal amount of interests in 
such Notes, in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and with the applicable rules and 
procedures of any relevant clearing institution including, without limitation, Euroclear France, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, as appropriate.
1.2.2
the term "Couponholder" refers to the bearer of any Coupon.
1.2.3
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those 
that have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date 
for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes 
to the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in 
the case of Dematerialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Administered Registered Notes, to the 
relevant Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 8.1, (ii) in the case 
of Dematerialised Fully Registered Notes, to the account of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 
8.1 and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the Paying Agent as provided in Conditions 8.2 and 
8.3 and remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of Materialised Bearer 
Notes and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which 
claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and that are held or have been
cancelled as provided in these Conditions, and (e) in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those 
mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for 
replacement Materialised Bearer Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such 
Materialised Bearer Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) 
those Materialised Bearer Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which 
replacement Materialised Bearer Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate 
to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, 
pursuant to its provisions.

--- Page 46 ---
46
1.2.4
references to (i) "principal" include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal 
Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 7, 
(ii) "interest" include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, all arrears of interest) payable pursuant to Condition 6 and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest"
include any additional amounts payable under Condition 9.
1.2.5
"Euroclear France" means Euroclear France acting as central depositary.
1.2.6
a "unit" or "sub-unit" of a currency means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country or countries of such currency.
2.
Form, denomination(s), title, redenomination and method of issue
2.1
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form 
("Materialised Notes").
2.1.1
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and 
R.211-1 et seq. of the Code by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title 
(including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the Code) will be issued in respect 
of the Dematerialised Notes.
Dematerialised Notes may be issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in either bearer form (au porteur) ("Dematerialised Bearer Notes"), in which case they are 
inscribed in an account maintained by an Account Holder having itself an account in the books of 
Euroclear France, or in registered form (au nominatif) ("Dematerialised Registered Notes") and, in 
such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered form (au nominatif 
pur) ("Dematerialised Fully Registered Notes"), in which case they are inscribed in an account 
maintained by the Issuer or the Registration Agent, or in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) ("Dematerialised Administered Registered Notes"), in which case the Notes are 
inscribed both in an account maintained by the Issuer or the Registration Agent and an account 
maintained by an Account Holder.
2.1.2
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form ("Materialised Bearer Notes"). Materialised Bearer 
Notes are serially numbered and are issued with coupons (the "Coupons") and, where appropriate, 
a talon (the "Talon") attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to 
interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable. Any issue of Materialised Notes requires the appointment by the Issuer 
of a Materialised Note Agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) which will perform the 
functions otherwise attributed, in these Conditions, to the Fiscal Agent and/or Paying Agent.
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the Code, securities (such as Notes) which are governed 
by French law and are in materialised form must be issued outside the French territory.
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, in accordance with 
the provisions of Article L.228-2 of the Code de commerce, request at any time from the central depositary 
identification information of Noteholders of Notes in dematerialised form (au porteur) such as the name or 
the company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, 
email address of such Noteholders.
2.2
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms 
(the "Specified Denomination(s)") subject to compliance with the regulations of the relevant monetary or 
financial authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. Dematerialised 
Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only.
2.3
Title:
2.3.1
Title to Dematerialised Bearer Notes shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected 
through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised 
Registered Notes shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or of the Registration Agent.

--- Page 47 ---
47
2.3.2
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons and/or a 
Talon attached thereto on issue ("Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes"), shall pass by delivery.
2.3.3
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Note, 
Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, 
whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing 
on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.
2.4
Redenomination:
2.4.1
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, without 
the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least thirty (30) calendar day's 
notice in accordance with Condition 15 and on or after the date on which the European Member State 
in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a participating Member State in 
the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union, or events have occurred which 
have substantially the same effects, redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series 
into Euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the 
relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described below. The date on which such redenomination 
becomes effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as the "Redenomination Date".
2.4.2
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 2.4.1 shall be made by converting the 
principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed relevant 
national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the European Union pursuant 
to applicable regulations of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Euro 0.01 
(with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from conversion 
of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate 
shall be rounded down to the nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes so determined shall 
be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. Any balance remaining from the 
redenomination with a denomination higher than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment 
rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment 
will be payable in Euro on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders by the 
Issuer.
2.4.3
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant national 
currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro.
2.4.4
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent, 
in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation pursuant to 
Condition 14, without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon but taking into account 
market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations, make any changes or 
additions to these Conditions or Condition 14 (including, without limitation, any change to any 
applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial centre designation, 
interest accrual basis or Reference Rate specification) which it believes are not prejudicial to the 
interests of the relevant Noteholders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest 
error, be binding on the holders of Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall be notified to them in 
accordance with Condition 15 as soon as practicable thereafter.
2.4.5
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon 
or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the 
credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith.
2.5
Method of Issue: The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be issued 
in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other 
than in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and the nominal amount of the Tranche), 
the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series 
may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each 
Tranche (which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of 
the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 48 ---
48
3.
Conversion and exchanges of Notes
3.1
Dematerialised Notes:
3.1.1
Dematerialised Bearer Notes may not be converted into Dematerialised Registered Notes, whether 
in fully registered form or in administered registered form.
3.1.2
Dematerialised Registered Notes may not be converted into Dematerialised Bearer Notes.
3.1.3
Dematerialised Fully Registered Notes may, at the option of the Noteholder, be converted into 
Dematerialised Administered Registered Notes, and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by 
the relevant Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the Code. Any such 
conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder.
3.2
Materialised Notes: Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
Materialised Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination.
4.
Status of the Notes
The Notes and, where applicable, any Coupons relating to them constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 5) and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times 
rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and, subject to such exceptions as are from 
time to time mandatory under French law, equally with all other present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding.
5.
Negative pledge
So long as any of the Notes, or, if applicable, any Coupons relating to them, remain outstanding, the Issuer 
shall not, and will ensure that none of its Principal Subsidiaries shall, create or permit to subsist any mortgage, 
charge, pledge, lien (other than a lien arising by operation of law) or other form of encumbrance or security 
interest upon the whole or any part of their respective undertakings, assets or revenues, present or future, to 
secure any Relevant Debt, or any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Debt unless, at the 
same time or prior thereto, its obligations under the Notes and Coupons are (A) secured equally and rateably
therewith or (B) have the benefit of such other security or other arrangement as shall be approved by the 
Masse of Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12.
6.
Interest and other calculations
6.1
Fixed Rate Notes (other than Fixed Rate Notes denominated in RMB):
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date except as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms.
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken 
Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment 
Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms.
6.2
Floating Rate Notes:
6.2.1
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date except as 
otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms. The Interest Payment Date(s) shall be defined in the 
relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date 
is so defined, shall consist of each date which falls the number of months or other period defined as 
the Interest Period in the relevant Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.

--- Page 49 ---
49
6.2.2
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is 
not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which case (x) such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business 
Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business 
Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day.
6.2.3
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for 
each Interest Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms and the 
provisions below relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(a)
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes:
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (a), "FBF Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate 
that would be determined by the Calculation Agent for a Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which:
(i)
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
(ii)
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date is the first calendar day of that 
Interest Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (a), "Floating Rate" (Taux Variable), "Floating 
Rate Determination Date" (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable) and "Transaction"
(Transaction) have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions.
(b)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes:
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (b), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate 
that would be determined by the Calculation Agent for a Swap Transaction under the terms 
of an agreement incorporating (i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions or (ii) if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions (together the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which:
(i)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
(ii)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
the relevant Reset Date is the first calendar day of that Interest Period unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (b), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings given 
to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 50 ---
50
(c)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes:
(i)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being EURIBOR, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be either:
(A)
the offered quotation; or
(B)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by 
the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations.
(ii)
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (i)(A) applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-
paragraph (i)(B) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page, in each case at the time specified above, subject as 
provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks 
to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of 
the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and
(iii)
if paragraph (ii) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two 
of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such 
purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period).

--- Page 51 ---
51
(iv)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SOFR, the Rate of 
Interest will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows:
(x)
if SOFR Arithmetic Mean is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of the SOFR rates for each day during the period, plus or 
minus (as specified in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any), as calculated by 
the Calculation Agent, where the SOFR rate on the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date 
shall be used for the days in the period from (and including) the SOFR Rate 
Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date (excluded);
(y)
if SOFR Lockout Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below, be USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or
(z)
if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below, be USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(xx)
if SOFR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below, be USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in 
the Final Terms) the Margin (if any).
For the purpose of this Condition 6.2.3(c)(iv):
If the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer determines on or 
prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-
current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations 
on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates.
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer will have the right to 
make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time.
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred, any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 6.2.3(c)(iv), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or 
date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: (i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; (ii) will be made in the sole 
discretion of the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer, as 
applicable; and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation 
relating to the Programme or the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
from the holders of the Notes or any other party.
“USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day following each SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, as 
follows, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 52 ---
52
Where:
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period;
“d0”, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period;
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(“i+1”);
“SOFRi” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
that is a SOFR Interest Reset Date, SOFR in respect of this SOFR Interest 
Reset Date;
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is the second U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date 
in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period or such other date 
specified in the Final Terms;
“SOFR Interest Reset Date” means each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; provided, however, 
that the SOFR with respect to each SOFR Interest Reset Date in the period 
from and including, the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the 
corresponding Interest Payment Date of an Interest Accrual Period, will 
be the SOFR with respect to the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period;
“USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day following each Interest Determination Date, 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards:
Where:
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period;

--- Page 53 ---
53
“d0”, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period;
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological 
order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of each Interest 
Accrual Period, the date “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
before each Interest Payment Date;
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(“i+1”);
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the Final Terms;
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation Look-
Back Period;
“SOFRi-pUSGSBD” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR in respect of the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to that day “i”;
“USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day following each Interest Determination Date, 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards:
Where:
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation 
Period;
“d0”, for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period;
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological 
order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the relevant Observation Period;
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of each Interest 
Accrual Period, the date “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
before each Interest Payment Date;
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” to, but

--- Page 54 ---
54
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(“i+1”);
“SOFRi” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
in the relevant Observation Period, SOFR in respect of that day “i”;
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the Final Terms; 
“Observation Period” in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from, and including, the date “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the first date in such Interest Accrual Period to, 
but excluding, the date “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period;
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation Look-
Back Period.
As used herein:
“SOFR” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day:
(i)
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as published by the New York 
Federal Reserve, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor 
administrator), on the New York Federal Reserve’s (or such successor 
administrator’s) Website on or about 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) 
on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (the “SOFR Determination Time”); or
(ii)
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day does not appear as specified in 
paragraph (i) above, unless both a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate in respect of the last U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which such rate was published on the 
New York Federal Reserve’s (or such successor administrator’s) 
Website; or
(iii)
if a Benchmark Transition
Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred,
(X)
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for 
the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment,
(Y)
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, or
(Z)
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected by the Calculation Agent or another entity 
appointed by the Issuer as the replacement for the then-
current Benchmark giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment.
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to

--- Page 55 ---
55
the SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement.
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order 
presented in clause (iii) of the definition of “SOFR” that can be determined by the 
Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date. 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in 
the order below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or another entity 
appointed by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment;
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that has been selected by the Calculation Agent or another 
entity appointed by the Issuer giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the 
then-current 
Benchmark 
with 
the 
applicable 
Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate 
notes at such time.
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the definition of “Interest Accrual Period”, timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent or 
another entity appointed by the Issuer decide may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent 
with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by 
the Issuer decide that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by 
the Issuer determine that no market practice for use of the Benchmark 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent or another 
entity appointed by the Issuer determine is reasonably necessary).
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the later of (a) the date of the public statement 
or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on 
which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 
(ii)
in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the date of the public statement or publication 
of information referenced therein.
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of

--- Page 56 ---
56
any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination.
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark 
(or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark 
(or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that 
the Benchmark is no longer representative.
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor.
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence 
of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor 
excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment.
“New York Federal Reserve” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
“New York Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of the New York 
Federal Reserve, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor 
website of the New York Federal Reserve or the website of any successor 
administrator of SOFR.
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) 
if the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time and (ii) if the 
Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by the Calculation Agent or another 
entity appointed by the Issuer after giving effect tothe Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes.
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York or any successor thereto.

--- Page 57 ---
57
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USGSBD” means any day except 
for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities.
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.
(v)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SONIA, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
rate of return of a daily compounded interest investment (it being understood that
reference rate for the calculation of interest is the Sterling daily overnight 
reference) plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards:
where:
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;
“do” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period;
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London;
“ni” means, for any London Banking Day “i, the number of calendar days from 
and including such London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following 
London Banking Day (“i+1”);
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the Final Terms;
“p” means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London 
Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the 
Final Terms;
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate in respect of such London Banking 
Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the London 
Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and

--- Page 58 ---
58
“SONIAi-pLBD” means, for any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA in respect of the London Banking Day falling 
“p” London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day “i”.
If, in respect of that London Banking Day “i-pLBD”, the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the Final Terms) determines that the SONIA is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such SONIA shall be: (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank 
Rate”) prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus 
(ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
days on which a SONIA has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if 
there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads) to the Bank Rate.
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to 
replace the SONIA, the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) shall, to the 
extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine 
SONIA for the purpose of the Notes for so long as the SONIA is not available or 
has not been published by the authorised distributors.
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin 
or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest 
Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became 
due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any 
such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date.
(d)
Benchmark Discontinuation
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation 
to an Original Reference Rate at any time when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes 
provide for any rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and 
prevail over other fallbacks specified in Condition 6.2 (for the avoidance of doubt, it shall 
not apply to SOFR and SONIA).

--- Page 59 ---
59
(i)
Independent Adviser
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 6.2.3(d)(ii)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 6.2.3(d)(iii)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments, if any (in accordance with Condition 6.2.3(d)(iv)).
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.2.3(d) shall act in 
good faith as an expert and (in the absence of manifest error or fraud) shall have 
no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms, or the Noteholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 6.2.3(d).
(ii)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that:
(A)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 6.2.3(d)(iv)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) 
of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation 
of this Condition 6.2.3(d)); or 
(B)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
6.2.3(d)(iv)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate 
to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 6.2.3(d)).
(iii)
Adjustment Spread
If the Independent Adviser, determines in good faith (A) that an Adjustment Spread 
is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or a relevant component part 
thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable).
(iv)
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 6.2.3(d) and the Independent Adviser determines
in good faith (A) that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count 
Fraction, Business Days or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the terms of 
the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof 
in accordance with Condition 6.2.3(d)(v), without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to give 
effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6.2.3(d), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.

--- Page 60 ---
60
(v)
Notices, etc.
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent Adviser, 
notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Representative (if any) and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders, 
promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and of the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 
6.2.3(d). Such notice shall be irrevocable and binding and shall specify the effective 
date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (in the absence of 
manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and 
the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the party responsible 
for determining the Rate of Interest, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.
(vi)
Survival of Original Reference Rate
Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under the provisions of this Condition 
6.2.3(d), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 6.2.3(c) will continue to apply unless and until the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest has been notified of the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and of any Adjustment Spread and/or 
Benchmark Amendments.
(vii)
Fallbacks
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest
Determination Date, no Independent Adviser has been appointed or no Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision, 
the fallback provisions relating to the Original Reference Rate specified in 
condition 6.2.3(c) will continue to apply to such determination, provided that such 
fallbacks may in certain circumstances lead to apply the Rate of Interest determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date.
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 6.2.3(d), mutatis 
mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, 
if applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) 
has been determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 6.2.3(d).
(viii)
Definitions
In this Condition 6.2.3(d):
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), 
or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines in accordance with customary market usage in the 
international debt capital market for such Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case 
may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is
the spread, formula or methodology which:
a)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement

--- Page 61 ---
61
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; 
b)
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate where 
(a) above does not apply), is in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital market for transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); or
c)
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), 
or the Independent Adviser determines there is no such spread, formula or 
methodology in customary market usage, the Independent Adviser acting 
in good faith determines to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of Successor Rate, an alternative 
benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser determines in accordance 
with this Condition 6.2.3(d) and which is customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purpose of determining rates of interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in 
the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate:
a)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published; 
b)
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date 
falling six (6) months prior to the specified date referred to in (b)(i);
c)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
d)
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference 
Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior to the specified 
date referred to in (d)(i); 
e)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will 
be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, in each case within the following six (6) months;
f)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate, in the 
opinion of the supervisor, is no longer representative of an underlying 
market or that its method of calculation has significantly changed;
g)
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become 
unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation, if applicable); or

--- Page 62 ---
62
h)
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to 
Article 35 of the Benchmark Regulation of any benchmark administrator 
previously authorised to publish such Original Reference Rate has been 
adopted.
"Benchmark Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 8 June 2016, as 
amended.
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise, 
at all times acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner,
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 6.2.3(d)(i).
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or 
any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes.
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable):
a)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable); or
b)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to 
which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities 
or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, 
following a Benchmark Event, more than one successor or replacement rates are 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser will 
determine, among those successor or replacement rates, those one which is the most 
appropriate, taking into consideration, without limitation, the particular features of 
the relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer.
6.2.4
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes: 
(a)
Consumer Price Index (CPI).
Where the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan 
France, as calculated and published by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes 
Economiques (the "INSEE") ("CPI") is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, 
this Condition 6.2.4(a) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out 
below only when this Condition 6.2.4(a) shall apply.
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the CPI (the "CPI 
Linked Interest") will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis:
(i)
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an "Interest 
Determination Date") the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index 
Ratio. For the purposes of this Condition 6.2.4(a), the "Inflation Index Ratio" or 
"IIR" is the ratio between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined 
below) applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the 
case may be and (ii) the base reference defined as the CPI Daily Inflation

--- Page 63 ---
63
Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Base Reference"). Notwithstanding Condition 6.6.4, 
the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up).
"CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index" means (A) in relation to the first calendar 
day of any given month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of the third month 
preceding such month, and (B) in relation to a calendar day (D) (other than the 
first calendar day) in any given month (M), the linear interpolation of the CPI 
Monthly Reference Index pertaining respectively to the third month preceding 
such month (M – 3) and the second month preceding such month (M – 2) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula:
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index=
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM – 3 + D – 1
NDM
× (CPI Monthly Reference IndexM – 2 −CPI Monthly Reference IndexM – 3)
With:
"NDM:" number of calendar days in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 31;
"D": actual calendar day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25;
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2": price index of month M – 2;
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3": price index of month M – 3.
Notwithstanding Condition 6.6.4., the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index will be 
rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up).
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on 
the Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg
TRESOR <GO> pages and on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. In case of doubt in 
the interpretation of the methods used to calculate the Inflation Index Ratio, such 
methods shall be interpreted by reference to the procedures selected by the French 
Treasury (Trésor) for its obligations assimilables du Trésor indexées sur 
l'inflation.
"CPI Monthly Reference Index" refers to the definitive consumer price index 
(excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan France, as calculated and 
published monthly by the INSEE as such index may be adjusted or replaced from 
time to time as provided herein.
(ii)
The calculation method described below is based on the recommendation issued 
by the French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire –
www.cnofrance.org) in its December 2010 Paper entitled "Inflation Indexed 
Notes" (Obligations et autres instruments de taux d'intérêt en euro, Normes et 
usages des marchés de capitaux – Chapitre II: Les obligations indexées sur 
l'inflation). In the event of any conflict between the calculation method provided 
below and the calculation method provided by the Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire), the calculation method provided by the Bond 
Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire) shall prevail.
The CPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified 
in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio.
(iii)

--- Page 64 ---
64
(A)
If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, 
a substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index (the "Substitute CPI Monthly 
Reference Index") shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following provisions:
(x) 
If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice 
provisoire) has already been published, such index shall 
automatically be used as the Substitute CPI Monthly Reference 
Index. Such provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index would be 
published under the heading "indice de substitution". Once the 
definitive CPI Monthly Reference Index is released, it would 
automatically apply from the calendar day following its release 
to all calculations taking place from this date.
(y) 
If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is available, a 
substitute index shall be calculated on the basis of the most 
recently published figure adjusted as set out in the following 
formula:
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM=
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM – 1 ×
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM – 1
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM – 13
 
 !
(B)
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base changes for 
the purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly Reference Index, the two CPI 
Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different 
basis will be chained on the basis of the December CPI Monthly 
Reference Index of the last year of joint publications, which corresponds 
to the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the following 
year. Such chaining will be carried out in accordance with the following 
equation:
Key =
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new basis
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the previous basis
Such that:
CPI Monthly Reference Index New Basis
Date D
= CPI Monthly Reference Index Previous Basis
Date D
× Key
(b)
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) measuring the rate of 
inflation in the European Monetary Union (excluding tobacco) as calculated and published 
monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP") is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this 
Condition 6.2.4(b) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out below 
only when this Condition 6.2.4(b) shall apply.
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the HICP (the "HICP 
Linked Interest") will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis:
(i)
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an "Interest 
Determination Date") the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index 
Ratio
For the purposes of this Condition 6.2.4(b), the "Inflation Index Ratio" or "IIR" 
is the ratio between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined 
below) applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the

--- Page 65 ---
65
case may be and (ii) the base reference defined as the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Base Reference"). Notwithstanding Condition 6.6.4., 
the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up).
"HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index" means (A) in relation to the first 
calendar day of any given month, the HICP Monthly Reference Index of the third 
month preceding such month, and (B) in relation to a calendar day (D) (other than 
the first calendar day) in any given month (M), the linear interpolation of the HICP 
Monthly Reference Index pertaining respectively to the third month preceding 
such month (M - 3) and the second month preceding such month (M - 2) calculated 
in accordance with the following formula:
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index =
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM – 3 + D – 1
NDM
× .HICP Monthly Reference Index M – 2 −HICP Monthly Reference Index M – 3/
With:
"NDM": number of calendar days in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 31;
"D": actual calendar day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25;
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M-2": price index of month M – 2;
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3": price index of month M – 3.
Notwithstanding Condition 6.6.4., the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index will 
be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up).
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on 
the Agence France du Trésor Reuters page OATEI01, on the website 
www.aft.gouv.fr and on Bloomberg page TRESOR.
"HICP Monthly Reference Index" refers to the harmonised index of consumer 
prices (excluding tobacco) measuring the rate of inflation in the European 
Monetary Union (excluding tobacco) as calculated and published by Eurostat as 
such index may be adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided herein.
(ii)
The HICP Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified 
in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined 
above).
(iii)
(A)
If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, 
a substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index (the "Substitute HICP 
Monthly Reference Index") shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following provisions:
(x)
If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has already 
been published by Eurostat, such index shall automatically be 
used as the Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index. Once the 
definitive HICP Monthly Reference Index is released, it would 
automatically apply from the calendar day following its release 
to all calculations taking place from this date.

--- Page 66 ---
66
(y)
If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is available, a 
substitute index shall be calculated on the basis of the most
recently published figure adjusted as set out in the following 
formula:
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM =
HICP Monthly Reference Index M – 1 ×
HICP Monthly Reference Index M – 1
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM – 13
 
 !
(B)
In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base changes 
for the purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly Reference Index, the 
two HICP Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a 
different basis will be chained on the basis of the December HICP 
Monthly Reference Index of the last year of joint publications, which 
corresponds to the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index for 1st March 
of the following year. Such chaining will be carried out in accordance 
with the following equation:
Key = HICP Monthly Reference Index pertaining to December calculated on the new basis
HICP Monthly Reference Index pertaining to December calculated on the previous basis
Such that:
HICP Monthly Reference Index New Basis
Date D
= HICP Monthly Reference Index Previous Basis
Date D
× Key
6.3
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: If Fixed/Floating Rate Notes Provisions are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms the Notes may bear interest at a rate, on the date set out in the Final Terms (the "Switch 
Date"), that: 
6.3.1
the Issuer may elect to convert from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a 
Fixed Rate. The Issuer election to change of interest basis (the "Issuer Change of Interest Basis") 
should be deemed effective after a valid notification sent by the Issuer to the relevant Noteholders 
within the period specified in the relevant Final Terms; or
6.3.2
will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed 
Rate (the "Automatic Change of Interest Basis").
6.4
Zero Coupon Notes: Zero Coupon Notes bear no interest until the Maturity Date. As from the Maturity Date, 
the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 7.5.1(b)).
6.5
Accrual of interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in 
the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as 
well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 6 to the Relevant 
Date.
6.6
Margin, maximum/minimum rates of interest, rate multipliers and rounding:
6.6.1
If any Margin or Rate Multiplier is specified in the relevant Final Terms, either (x) generally, or 
(y) in relation to one or more Interest Periods, an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, 
in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with Condition 6.2 above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting 
the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin or multiplying by such Rate Multiplier, 
subject always to the next paragraph.
6.6.2
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then any Rate of Interest shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be.

--- Page 67 ---
67
6.6.3
Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum 
Rate of Interest shall be deemed equal to zero.
6.6.4
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to 
seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due 
and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit or sub-unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen.
6.7
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the Day 
Count Fraction and by any Rate Multiplier, unless an Interest Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period 
shall equal such Interest Amount. 
6.8
Determination and publication of interest and payment amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as 
practicable, calculate any rate of interest or amount (including any Interest Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Make-Whole Redemption Amount, 
as the case may be), obtain any quotation or make any other determination or calculation that it is required to
make pursuant to these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, and it shall cause such rate, amount, 
quotation, determination or calculation (as well as any relevant Interest Payment Date) to be notified to the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed 
in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes 
are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated 
Market so require, such Regulated Market as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later 
than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after 
such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 6.2.2, 
the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued 
interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount 
so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the 
making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties.
6.9
Calculation Agent: 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision 
is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding. Where more 
than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to 
the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties 
under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or to calculate any 
Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a 
leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap 
or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal office or any other 
office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not 
resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are 
listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, that 
Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance 
with Condition 15.
6.10
RMB Notes: 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each RMB Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest. For the

--- Page 68 ---
68
purposes of calculating the amount of interest, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month in which case it shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date.
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on each Interest 
Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for the relevant 
Interest Period. The determination of the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error and after confirmation by the Issuer) be final and 
binding upon all parties.
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to each of the Paying Agents and to be notified 
to Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth Business Day 
thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination and Interest Payment Date so 
published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes 
become due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest per Specified Denomination shall 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this 
provision but no publication of the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination so calculated need 
be made.
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such product by the actual number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period 
or, as applicable, other period concerned and dividing it by 365, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
Renminbi sub-unit, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention.
7.
Redemption, purchase and options
7.1
Final redemption: Unless previously redeemed or cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be finally 
redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which, 
unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount). 
7.2
Redemption at the option of the Issuer, exercise of Issuer's options and partial redemption:
7.2.1
Call Option:
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by 
the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15)
nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem all 
or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date or Option Exercise Date, as 
the case may be. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest). 
7.2.2
Make-whole redemption:
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance with 
all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than 
thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or 
such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the Notes, in whole 
or in part, at any time or from time to time prior to the Relevant Redemption Date (the "Make-Whole 
Redemption Date") at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount.
For the purposes of this Condition:
"Make-Whole Redemption Amount" means in respect of any Notes to be redeemed pursuant to 
this Condition 7.2.2, an amount, determined by the Calculation Agent, equal to the greater of (x) 100
per cent. of the Principal Amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the sum of the then present values

--- Page 69 ---
69
of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes (excluding any interest 
accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date) discounted from
the Relevant Redemption Date to the Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Make-
Whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), plus in each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date.
"Make-Whole Redemption Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms.
"Make-Whole Redemption Rate" means the average of the four (4) quotations given by the 
Reference Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) on the fourth (4th) Business Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption 
Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)). If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, 
a Similar Security will be chosen by the Calculation Agent at 11.00 a.m. (CET) on the third (3rd) 
business day in London preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer and notified in accordance with Condition 15.
"Principal Amount" means the Specified Denomination, subject to any adjustment as described in 
Condition 7.2.5 following any partial redemption pursuant to Condition 7.2.1 and this Condition 
7.2.2.
"Relevant Redemption Date" means either (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the Residual Maturity Call 
Option Date, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms.
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four (4) banks selected by the Calculation Agent which are 
primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in 
pricing corporate bond issues.
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds having an actual or interpolated 
maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would be used, at the time of selection 
and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes.
The Make-Whole Redemption Rate, the Make-Whole Redemption Margin and the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date will be notified by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15.
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding upon all parties.
7.2.3
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer:
If a Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the event that at 
least 75% of the initial aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes has been purchased 
or redeemed by the Issuer other than by way of a redemption at the option of the Issuer in accordance 
with Condition 7.2.2, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to having given not more than sixty 
(60) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes 
in that Series at par together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where 
applicable, any arrears of interest).
7.2.4
Residual Maturity Call Option by the Issuer
If a Residual Maturity Call Option by the Issuer is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, at its option but subject to having given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) 
calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with 
Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), redeem all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes in that Series at par together with 
interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time during the period starting

--- Page 70 ---
70
on (and including) the "Residual Maturity Call Option Date" (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) and ending on (but excluding) the Maturity Date. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition.
7.2.5
Exercise of Issuer's options and partial redemption:
Any redemption or exercise pursuant to Conditions 7.2.1 and 7.2.2 above shall relate to Notes of a 
nominal amount at least equal to the minimum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and no greater than the maximum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's option shall 
be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect of Materialised 
Notes, the notice to holders of such Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes to be redeemed or in respect of which such option has been exercised, 
which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the 
circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and requirements of the Regulated Market on which the Notes are listed and/or
admitted to trading, as the case may be.
In the case of a partial redemption of or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes, the redemption will be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such 
Dematerialised Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed.
So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, the Issuer shall, 
once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, give notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding 
and, in the case of Materialised Notes, of a list of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn 
for redemption but not surrendered.
7.3
Redemption at the option of Noteholders and exercise of Noteholders' options: If a Put Option is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not 
less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the relevant Note(s) on the Optional Redemption 
Date(s) at their Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest).
To exercise such option (which must be exercised on an Option Exercise Date) the Noteholder shall deposit 
with a Paying Agent at its specified office a duly completed option exercise notice (the "Exercise Notice") in 
the form obtained from any Paying Agent, within the notice period. In the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, 
the Exercise Notice shall have attached to it the relevant Notes (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be 
transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent as specified in the 
Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred, may be 
withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer.
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Noteholder's option shall be 
exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.
7.4
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes: If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of Inflation Linked Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following 
basis:
Final Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes
"IIR" being for the purposes of this Condition 7.4 the ratio determined on the fifth Business Day before the 
Maturity Date between either (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI

--- Page 71 ---
71
Daily Inflation Reference Index or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index, on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the date specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes will be redeemed at par.
7.5
Early redemption:
7.5.1
Zero Coupon Notes:
(a)
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7.6 or Condition 7.9 or upon it becoming 
due and payable as provided in Condition 10 shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount 
(calculated as provided below) of such Note.
(b)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (c) below, the Amortised Nominal Amount of 
any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date discounted at the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount 
equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the 
Issue Date) compounded annually.
(c)
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 7.6 or Condition 7.9 or upon it becoming due and payable as provided 
in Condition 10 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in 
respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such Note as defined in 
sub-paragraph (b) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the 
date on which the Amortised Nominal Amount becomes due and payable were the Relevant 
Date. The calculation of the Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with this sub-
paragraph shall continue to be made (as well after as before judgment) until the Relevant 
Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount 
due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 6.3.
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms.
7.5.2
Inflation Linked Notes:
(a)
If the relevant Final Terms provide that this Condition 7.5.2 shall apply in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes, the Early Redemption Amount in respect of such Notes will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis:
Early Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes
"IIR" being for the purposes of this Condition the ratio determined on the fifth Business 
Day before the date set for redemption between either (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index 
applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index or (ii) if the HICP is 
specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference 
Index on the date set for redemption and the Base Reference specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
If the Early Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes will be 
redeemed at par.
(b)
If the Inflation Linked Notes (whether or not this Condition 7.5.2 applies) fall to be 
redeemed for whatever reason before the Maturity Date, the Issuer will pay the Early 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date set for redemption. Such 
accrued interest will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the period from, 
and including the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the 
Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the date set for redemption of such Notes

--- Page 72 ---
72
at a rate per annum on the basis of the provisions of Condition 6.2.4 above except that, for 
such purposes the relevant Interest Determination Date shall be the fifth Business Day prior 
to the relevant Early Redemption Date. 
7.5.3
Other Notes:
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in 7.5.1
and 7.5.2 above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7.6 or Condition 7.9, or upon 
it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 shall be the Final Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears 
of interest).
7.6
Redemption for taxation reasons:
7.6.1
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or interpretation 
of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next 
payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or Coupons, not be able to make such 
payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified under Condition 9 below, and such 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, the Issuer may, 
at its option but subject to having given not more than sixty (60) nor less than thirty (30) calendar 
days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 15, 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest), 
provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier 
than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and/or interest 
without withholding or deduction for such French taxes.
7.6.2
If the Issuer would, on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes or Coupons, 
be prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, 
Couponholders of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay 
additional amounts contained in Condition 9 below, then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of 
such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then 
outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest) on the latest practicable date on 
which the Issuer could make payment of principal and/or interest without withholding or deduction 
for French taxes or, if such date is past, as soon as practicable thereafter.
7.7
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price, in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations. Any Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations for the purpose of enhancing the liquidity of the Notes, or cancelled in accordance with 
Condition 7.8.
7.8
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed or purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will be cancelled 
(i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, together with all rights relating to payment of interest and other 
amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear France, or (ii) in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, together with all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith, by surrendering the Temporary 
Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes in question together with all unmatured 
Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent. Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, 
transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of any such Notes shall be discharged.
7.9
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or interpretation 
of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or 
comply with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not more 
than sixty (60) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where 
applicable, any arrears of interest).

--- Page 73 ---
73
8.
Payments and Talons
8.1
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any arrears 
of interest, where applicable) in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall be made (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Bearer Notes or Dematerialised Administered Registered Notes, by transfer to the account 
denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders or 
(ii) in the case of Dematerialised Fully Registered Notes, to an account denominated in the relevant currency 
with a bank designated by the Noteholders. All payments validly made to such Account Holders will 
constitute an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments.
8.2
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
arrears of interest, where applicable) in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned 
below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes (in the case of 
all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 8.6.5) or Coupons (in the 
case of interest, save as specified in Condition 8.6.5), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of 
the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with a bank in the Principal Financial 
Centre for such currency or, in the case of Euro, in a city where banks have access to the TARGET 2 System.
8.3
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes are 
denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents 
with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents 
would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, 
(ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls 
or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted 
by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the 
Issuer.
8.4
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, 
regulations and directives in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9. No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments.
8.5
Appointment of agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Redenomination 
Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed under the Agency Agreement and their respective 
specified offices are listed at the end of the Base Prospectus. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Redenomination Agent, the Registration Agent and the Consolidation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer 
and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent expert(s) and, in each case such, do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Redenomination 
Agent, the Registration Agent and the Consolidation Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, 
(ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and a 
Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) in the case of Dematerialised Fully Registered 
Notes, a Registration Agent, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least one major European city 
(which shall be Paris so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris) and (vi) such other agents 
as may be required by any other Regulated Market on which the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading.
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Materialised 
Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph 8.3 above.
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 2.4 with a view to consolidating such 
Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 14, the Issuer shall ensure that 
the same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of both 
such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes.
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 15.

--- Page 74 ---
74
8.6
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons:
8.6.1
Unless Materialised Bearer Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due 
date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Bearer Notes should be surrendered for payment 
together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the 
face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, with the amount of any 
arrears of interest corresponding to such Coupon) or, in the case of payment not being made in full, 
that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, with 
the amount of any arrears of interest corresponding to such Coupon) that the sum of principal so paid 
bears to the total principal due shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Amortised 
Nominal Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, 
due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of ten (10) years from the Relevant Date for the 
payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 11).
8.6.2
If Materialised Bearer Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such Materialised 
Bearer Notes, unmatured Coupons relating to such Notes (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made in respect of them.
8.6.3
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating 
to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect 
of such Talon.
8.6.4
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without 
all unmatured Coupons, and where any such Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require.
8.6.5
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any arrears of 
interest if applicable), shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the 
relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest accrued on a Materialised Bearer Note that 
only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against 
presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Note.
8.7
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon 
for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 
11), provided that, in respect of Notes admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, such exchange shall always take 
place at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or of the Paying Agent, as the case may be, in Paris.
8.8
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business 
Day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Business Day nor to 
any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment.
8.9
Payment of US Dollar Equivalent: Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, if an 
Inconvertibility, Non-Transferability or Illiquidity occurs or if Renminbi is otherwise not available to the 
Issuer as a result of circumstances beyond its control and such unavailability has been confirmed by a 
Renminbi Dealer, following which the Issuer is unable to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole 
or in part) in respect of RMB Notes, the Issuer on giving not less than five nor more than 30 calendar days' 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, may settle any such payment (in whole 
or in part) in US dollars on the due date at the US Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi denominated 
amount.
In such event, payments of the US Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest in respect of the 
Notes shall be made by transfer to the U.S. dollar account of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of 
the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, no such payment of the US Dollar Equivalent shall by itself 
constitute a default in payment within the meaning of Condition 10.

--- Page 75 ---
75
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 8.9 by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent, will 
(in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all Noteholders.
9.
Taxation
9.1
Withholding tax: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, 
any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law.
9.2
Additional amounts: Should French law require that payments of principal, interest or other revenues in 
respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes,
duties, assessments or governmental charges whatsoever, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted 
by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable the 
Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect 
to any Note or Coupon, as the case may be:
9.2.1
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if applicable, a Couponholder, 
as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in 
respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with France other than the 
mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or
9.2.2
Presentation more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date: in the case of Materialised 
Notes, more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date.
10.
Events of Default
The Representative (as defined under Condition 12), upon request of any Noteholder, may, after written notice 
to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent has been given and unless all defaults shall have been remedied, cause all 
the Notes held by such Noteholder to become immediately due and payable, whereupon such Notes shall 
become immediately due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount, without any other formality, if any 
of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs:
10.1
the Issuer is in default for a period of fifteen (15) calendar days or more for the payment of any amount on 
the Notes, when and as the same becomes due and payable; or
10.2
the Issuer is in default in the due performance of any of its other obligations under the Notes, unless remedied 
within thirty (30) calendar days after receipt by the Issuer of written notice of such default given by a 
Noteholder; or
10.3
as a result of the Issuer and/or any of its Principal Subsidiaries being in default in the due and punctual 
payment of the principal of, or premium or interest on, any indebtedness for borrowed monies of or assumed 
or guaranteed by it when and as the same becomes due and payable and giving effect to any applicable grace 
periods, there is an acceleration of any such indebtedness or guarantee, provided that the aggregate amount 
of the relevant indebtedness for borrowed money in respect of which any one or more of the events mentioned 
in this sub-paragraph 10.3 has or have occurred equals or exceeds Euro 100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency); or
10.4
the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries makes any proposal for a general moratorium in relation to its 
debt or a judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a transfer of the whole 
of the business (cession totale de l'entreprise à la suite d'un plan de cession) of the Issuer or any of its Principal 
Subsidiaries or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries is 
subject to any other insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings (unless such proceeding - including for judicial 
reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) - is frivolous or 
vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within ninety (90) days of commencement) or the Issuer or 
any of its Principal Subsidiaries makes any conveyance, assignment or other arrangement for the benefit of 
its creditors or enters into a composition with its creditors or the Issuer or, subject to Condition 10.6 below,
any of its Principal Subsidiaries is wound up or dissolved; or

--- Page 76 ---
76
10.5
any Principal Subsidiary not established in France of the Issuer is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent 
or stops or threatens to stop payment or is found unable to pay its debts or any order is made by any competent 
court or administrative agency for, or a resolution is passed by it for, judicial composition proceedings with 
its creditors or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee or other similar official in insolvency proceedings 
in relation to it or any event occurs which under the law of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous or 
equivalent effect; or
10.6
the Issuer and/or any of its Principal Subsidiaries sells or otherwise disposes of all or substantially all of its 
assets or ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole of its business or substantially the whole of its 
business or an order is made or an effective resolution passed for its winding-up, dissolution or liquidation, 
unless either (I) such winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, cessation or disposal is made in connection with a 
merger, consolidation, reconstruction, amalgamation or other form of combination (a "Restructuring") with 
or to, any other corporation and (i) in the case of the Issuer, its liabilities under the Notes are transferred to 
and assumed by such other corporation and the credit rating assigned by any of S&P or Moody's (or other 
rating agency) to the long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the surviving entity following 
such Restructuring is not less than the credit rating assigned by any such credit rating agency to the long-term, 
unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer immediately prior to the effective date of such 
Restructuring, or (ii) in the case of any Principal Subsidiary, the undertaking and assets of such Principal 
Subsidiary are vested in the Issuer or another of its Principal Subsidiaries or (II) disposals of assets held, 
directly or indirectly, by Suez SA are made on or prior to 31 December 2022. For the avoidance of doubt, any 
disposal of assets held by Suez SA to any other corporation on or prior to 31 December 2022 will not constitute 
an Event of Default and after such date Suez SA shall be treated in relation to any disposal of assets as any 
other Principal Subsidiary (if it then constitutes a Principal Subsidiary) for the purposes of this Condition 
10.6.
11.
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of 
principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them.
12.
Representation of Noteholders
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a Masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the provisions of 
Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce as amended by this Condition 12.
12.1
Legal Personality
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the "Representative") 
and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective Decisions").
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, actions 
and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes.
12.2
Representative
The names and addresses of the initial Representative and its alternate, if any, will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the 
single Representative of all subsequent Tranches in such Series.
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties, as set out 
in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent Tranche of 
any given Series.
In the event of death, liquidation, dissolution, retirement, resignation or revocation of the Representative, such 
Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any, or another Representative may be appointed. Collective 
Decisions in relation to the appointment or replacement of the Representative shall be published in accordance 
with Condition 12.8.

--- Page 77 ---
77
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the Representative 
and the alternate Representative, if any, at the registered office of the Issuer.
12.3
Powers of the Representative
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power to take 
all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the Noteholders, with the 
capacity to delegate its powers.
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative.
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer.
12.4
Collective Decisions
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meeting") or (ii) by unanimous 
consent of the Noteholders following a written consultation (the "Written Unanimous Resolutions", as 
further described in Condition 12.4.2 below), or (iii) by consent of one or more Noteholders holding together 
at least two-third (2/3). of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, following a written consultation (the 
"Written Majority Resolutions", as further described in Condition 12.4.2 below and together with the 
Written Unanimous Resolutions, the "Written Resolutions"). 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by entries in the books of the relevant 
Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such Noteholder 
as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective 
Decision.
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 12.8.
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series.
12.4.1
General Meetings
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One or more 
Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of Notes outstanding, may 
address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General Meeting to be called. If such General 
Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one 
of them to petition the competent court to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting.
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or represented 
hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, no 
quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority 
of votes cast by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat.
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance with 
Condition 12.8 not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on first 
convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on second 
convocation.
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by correspondence or 
by videoconference.
Each Noteholder or Representative thereof will have the right, during the fifteen (15) calendar day period on 
the first convocation and five (5) calendar day period on the second convocation preceding the holding of 
each General Meeting, to consult or make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of 
the reports, if any, which will be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection 
by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice 
of the General Meeting.

--- Page 78 ---
78
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a representative at the 
start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or represented at the General Meeting, the Issuer 
may, notwithstanding the provisions of Article L.228-64 of the French Code de commerce, designate a 
provisional chairman until a new Representative has been appointed.
12.4.2
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the 
holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written 
Unanimous Resolution or a Written Majority Resolution. 
(a)
Written Unanimous Resolution 
Written Unanimous Resolutions shall be signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders and shall not have to 
comply with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 12.4.1. Pursuant to Articles L.228-46-1 and 
R.225-97 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Unanimous Resolution may also be given 
by way of electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders ("Electronic Consent"). Any 
Written Unanimous Resolution shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General 
Meeting of such Noteholders. Such Written Unanimous Resolution may be contained in one document, or in 
several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such Noteholders, and shall be 
published in accordance with Condition 12.8.
(b)
Written Majority Resolution
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Resolution, which shall include the text of the proposed 
resolutions together with any report thereon, will be published as provided under Condition 12.4.1 no less 
than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written Majority Resolution (the 
"Written Majority Resolution Date"). Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Resolution will 
contain the conditions of form and time limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express 
their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Majority Resolution. Noteholders expressing their 
approval or rejection before the Written Majority Resolution Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes 
until after the Written Majority Resolution Date. 
Written Majority Resolutions shall be signed by one or more Noteholders holding together at least two-third 
(2/3). of the nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. Approval of a Written Majority Resolution may also 
be given by Electronic Consent. Any Written Majority Resolution shall, for all purposes, have the same effect 
as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such Noteholders. Such Written Majority Resolution may be 
contained in one document, or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
of such Noteholders, and shall be published in accordance with Condition 12.8.
12.5
Expenses
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses relating to the 
calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon 
by Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest 
payable under the Notes.
12.6
Single Masse
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been 
assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 14, shall, for the 
defense of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative appointed in 
respect of the first Tranche or Series of Notes will be the single Representative of all such Series.
12.7
Sole Noteholder
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a Representative has 
been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and obligations 
entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the French Code de commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register of 
the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series.

--- Page 79 ---
79
12.8
Notices to Noteholders
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 12 shall be published on the website 
of Veolia Environnement (http://www.finance.veolia.com) and,
(i)
in the case of the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif), mailed to them at their 
respective addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) 
weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing; or
(ii)
in the case of the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur), given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which 
the Notes are for the time being cleared. 
Any decision to proceed with a transaction, notwithstanding the failure to obtain Noteholders' approval, as 
contemplated by Article L.228-72 of the French Code de commerce will be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with this Condition 12.8. Any Noteholder will then have the right to request redemption of its 
Notes at par within thirty (30) days of the date of notification, in which case the Issuer shall redeem such 
Noteholder within thirty (30) days of the Noteholder's request for redemption.
If a merger or a spin-off is contemplated by the Issuer, the Issuer will have the option to submit the proposal 
for approval by a Collective Decision of the Masse or to offer redemption at the Early Redemption Amount 
to Noteholders pursuant to Articles L.228-73, L.236-13 and L.236-18 of the French Code de commerce. Such 
redemption offer shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 12.8. If the Masse does 
not approve the merger or spin-off proposal, any decision to proceed with the transaction will be notified to 
Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 12.8.
12.9
Outstanding Notes
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 12, the term "outstanding" shall not include those Notes 
purchased by the Issuer, or on its behalf, or by any of its subsidiaries pursuant to applicable laws and 
regulations.
12.10
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce)
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° and 4° of the French Code de commerce (respectively providing for 
a prior approval of the General Meeting of the Noteholders of any change in corporate purpose or form of the 
Issuer or of an issue of bonds benefiting from a security (sûreté réelle)) and the related provisions of the 
French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes. 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 3° of the French Code de commerce (providing for a prior approval of 
the Noteholders in relation to any proposal to merge or demerge the Issuer in the cases referred to in Articles 
L. 236-13 and L. 236-18 of the French Code de commerce) shall not apply to the Notes only to the extent that 
such proposal relates to a merger or demerger within the Group.
13.
Replacement of definitive Notes, Coupons and Talons
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon is 
lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws and regulations, 
and regulations of the Regulated Market on which the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading, at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by 
the Issuer for such purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment 
by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence security 
and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for 
exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer 
in respect of such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the 
Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 80 ---
80
14.
Further issues and consolidation
14.1
Further issues: The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with the Notes provided such Notes and 
the further Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the principal amount thereof
and the issue date specified in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such further Notes provide for 
such assimilation, and references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly.
14.2
Consolidation: The Issuer, with the prior approval of the Consolidation Agent, may from time to time on any 
Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty (30)
calendar days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes of one or more other Series 
issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided 
such other Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) and which 
otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as 
the Notes.
15.
Notices
15.1
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Registered Notes shall be valid if either (i) they are mailed to them 
at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday 
(being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are 
published (a) in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in Europe or (b) in accordance with 
Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the general regulations (règlement général) of the AMF or (c) so long as such 
Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France 
(which is expected to be Les Echos) and, so long as such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any 
other Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, in a leading daily 
newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed 
and/or admitted to trading is located, or by any such other method permitted by such Regulated Market.
15.2
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Bearer Notes shall be valid if 
published (i) in a daily leading newspaper with general circulation in Europe or (ii) in accordance with 
Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the general regulations (règlement général) of the AMF or (iii) so long as such 
Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France 
(which is expected to be Les Echos) and so long as such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any 
other Regulated Market, in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated 
Market on which such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading is located, or by any such other method 
permitted by such Regulated Market.
15.3
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily 
English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date 
of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of 
the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition.
15.4
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer form) 
pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, 
Clearstream or any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution 
for the mailing and publication of a notice required by Conditions 15.1 and 15.2 above; except that (i) so long 
as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, notices shall be published in a leading daily 
newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos) or in accordance with Articles 
221-3 and 221-4 of the general regulations (règlement général) of the AMF, and (ii) so long as the Notes are 
listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated 
Market so require, notices shall be published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in the city 
where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading is located, or by any 
such other method permitted by such Regulated Market.
15.5
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 15 does not apply to any notice given to Noteholders pursuant to 
Condition 12.

--- Page 81 ---
81
16.
Method of publication of the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms
So long as any Notes issued under this Base Prospectus remain listed and/or admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market, this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms related to Notes listed and/or admitted to trading 
on any Regulated Market will be published on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and Veolia 
Environnement (www.finance.veolia.com). 
In addition, should the Notes be listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext 
Paris, the Final Terms related to those Notes will provide whether this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final 
Terms will be published on the website of (x) such Regulated Market or (y) the competent authority of the 
Member State in the EEA where such Regulated Market is situated.
17.
Governing law and jurisdiction
17.1
Governing law: The Notes (and, where applicable, Coupons and Talons) and any non contractual obligations 
arising out or in connection with the Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French 
law.
17.2
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons may be brought 
before any competent court in Paris.

--- Page 82 ---
82
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES
Temporary Global Certificates
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with Materialised 
Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream (the "Common Depositary"), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit each subscriber with a nominal 
amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid.
The Common Depositary may also (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) credit the accounts of subscribers with 
other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other clearing 
systems with a nominal amount of Notes. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited with any 
clearing system other than Euroclear or Clearstream may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with 
Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems.
Exchange
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or 
after its Exchange Date (as defined below):
(i)
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with the 
C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "General Description of the 
Programme — Selling Restrictions"), in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes; and
(ii)
otherwise, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes upon certification as to non-US 
beneficial ownership (a form of which shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents).
A Noteholder must exchange its share of the Temporary Global Certificate for Materialised Bearer Notes before 
interest or any amount payable in respect of the Notes will be paid.
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of the Temporary Global Certificate must surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent (or its designated agent). In exchange for the Temporary Global 
Certificate so surrendered, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of 
duly executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes.
In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes" means, in relation to any Temporary Global 
Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged 
(if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been paid on the 
Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will be security printed in accordance 
with any applicable legal requirements and requirements of the Regulated Market. Forms of such Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes shall be available at the specified offices of the designated Paying Agent(s).
Exchange Date
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the calendar day next succeeding the calendar 
day that is forty (40) calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are 
issued prior to such calendar day pursuant to Condition 13, the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate 
shall be postponed to the calendar day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after the issue of such further 
Materialised Notes.

--- Page 83 ---
83
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds of issues by Veolia Environnement will be used for its general corporate purposes or as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 84 ---
84
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
For a general description of the Group, its activities and its financial condition, please refer to the sections and pages 
of the 2020 Universal Registration Document, of the Amendment to the 2020 Universal Registration Document and 
of the Third Quarter 2021 Financial Information identified in the cross-reference tables of the "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference" section of this Base Prospectus and the "Recent Developments" section of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 85 ---
85
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS
The following recent developments are disclosed by the Issuer:
1.
Press release dated 9 December 2021
A great success of the Sequoia 2021 employee stock ownership plan: over 60,000 employees have chosen to 
subscribe
Restricted to more than 150,000 employees in 40 countries, this capital increase operation reached a subscription rate 
of 40%, the highest ever achieved in the Group's history. 
Sequoia 2021, like all operations conducted annually since 2018, is a marker of Veolia's commitment to involve its 
employees in the development of their company and its value creation, in the same way as all stakeholders of the 
Group.
The amount invested, around € 215 million including leverage, has resulted in the issue of 9,745,281 new shares, i.e. 
circa 1.4% of the share capital. Following this operation, the employees now represent nearly 5% of the Company's 
capital, which illustrates their confidence in the Group, at a time when it is moving forward with its project to create 
the world champion of ecological transformation.
As of December 8, 2021, this issue brings the total number of Veolia Environnement shares in circulation to 
699,725,266.
2.
Press release dated 4 December 2021
Veolia becomes a strategic partner of Saudi Arabia in the ecological transformation

Veolia wins the Management Contract for water and wastewater services for the Riyadh region of 9 million 
people.

Veolia signs a strategic partnership agreement with the Ministry of Investment and Water Transmission 
and Technologies Company in the water sector.

The Group continues its development in industrial waste management through an exclusive partnership 
with Saudi Aramco.
The National Water Company awarded Veolia the Management Contract for water and wastewater services in the 
capital Riyadh and 22 outlying municipalities. The 7-year contract represents revenues of €82.6 million. It covers a 
population of nearly 9 million people, which is expected to double by 2030. The contract covers the management of a 
30,000 km drinking water network and a 10,000 km wastewater network, with a large number of production and 
treatment units.
Veolia, together with Saudi Arabia's Alkhorayef Water and Power Technologies, will take on the operational and 
technical challenge of developing water services in Riyadh and its region and is committed to a series of concrete 
objectives. These include halving losses in the water distribution network, ensuring continuity of service and access to 
quality drinking water 24 hours a day, and implementing a training program for more than 5,000 local employees.
In addition, Veolia has signed a strategic agreement with the Ministry of Investment and Water Transmission and 
Technologies Company. Under this new partnership, Veolia will support the Kingdom in improving the operational, 
energy and commercial performance of the water sector throughout the country. This cooperation will focus on the 
deployment of innovative solutions, including digital ones, and on building skills in the operation and maintenance of 
facilities.
Veolia is also becoming Saudi Aramco's exclusive partner for the treatment of its industrial and non-hazardous waste. 
Estimated at 200,000 metric tons per year, this will be in addition to the 120,000 metric tons of hazardous waste that

--- Page 86 ---
86
will soon be treated in Jubail, where Veolia is finalizing the construction of an incinerator for Sadara Chemical 
Company and other nearby industrial companies.
With its long-standing presence in Saudi Arabia, where the Group has been operating for more than 35 years in the 
water, waste and energy sectors for both municipal and industrial clients, Veolia continues to increase its contribution 
to the ecological transformation of the Kingdom in line with its Vision 2030 plan.
On the sidelines of the second Franco-Saudi investment forum, held in Jeddah on December 4, 2021, Antoine Frérot, 
Chairman and CEO of Veolia, said: "The strong commercial momentum Veolia has experienced in Saudi Arabia in 
recent years, as evidenced by the recent signing of several municipal and industrial contracts in all of our business 
lines, is a very clear indicator of the Kingdom's desire to achieve the very ambitious environmental objectives it has 
set for itself. In this context, Veolia is proud to be Saudi Arabia's preferred partner for its ecological transformation."
3.
Press release dated 8 November 2021 
Veolia successfully taps the hybrid bond market again
Veolia has successfully issued EUR 500 million of hybrid debt bearing a coupon of 2 % until its first reset date 
in February 2028.
The notes are structured as deeply subordinated perpetual hybrid notes.
The transaction was very positively welcomed by the corporate hybrid bond market, which had been shut for a month. 
The strong demand led to a sizeable orderbook (up to EUR 3.4 billion), which enabled Veolia to materially improve 
the pricing of the issuance, and reach a negative new issue concession of around -10 bp compared to the fair value 
priced by the secondary market.
The high level of oversubscription, the quality of the investor base and the outstanding conditions that were achieved 
are signals of the significant appreciation of Veolia’s credit quality, and of the credibility of Veolia’s project of 
combining forces with Suez in order to create the World Champion of Ecological Transformation.
The proceeds of this issuance will be used for General Corporate Purposes.
4.
Press release dated 4 November 2021
KEY FIGURES AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2021
(UNAUDITED DATA)
A RECORD 9 MONTH 2021 RESULTS DELIVERY 
REVENUE AND RESULTS SIGNIFICANTLY ABOVE 2020 AND 2019 
ACCELERATION OF RESULTS GROWTH IN THE 3RD QUARTER 
VEOLIA IN A VERY SOLID POSITION AHEAD OF SUEZ ACQUISITION

STRONG REVENUE GROWTH, TO €20 357M UP +9.4%1 vs. 9M 2020 AND UP +4.7%1 vs. 9M 2019 

VERY STRONG EBITDA GROWTH, TO €3 140M, UP +26.4%1 vs. 9M 2020, AND UP +10.2%1 vs. 9M 
2019

EFFICIENCY GAINS OF €299M, AHEAD OF ANNUAL TARGET OF €350M

VERY STRONG CURRENT EBIT GROWTH, TO €1 258M, UP +68.7%2 vs. 9M2020 AND UP +9.1%2 vs. 
9M 2019 

RECORD CURRENT NET INCOME GROUP SHARE OF €667M, MULTIPLIED BY MORE THAN 5 vs. 
9M 2020 AND UP+44%2 vs. 9M 2019

NET FREE CASHFLOW STRONGLY UP,  BY +€960M vs. 9M 2020, TO €583M                      

2021 GUIDANCE FULLY CONFIRMED

--- Page 87 ---
87
1 Variation at constant exchange rates
Antoine Frérot, Veolia’s Chairman & CEO commented: « After a flying start to the year, Veolia has maintained an 
outstanding pace of growth in the 3rd quarter, even stronger than in 2019, both in terms of activity and results. All 
indicators are green. Our commercial momentum is particularly strong, thanks to expanding markets and offers that 
integrate more and more added value. Moreover, our strict cost control has enabled us once again to benefit from a 
strong operating leverage. Our financial performance in the first 9 months of 2021 is not only much better than in 
2020, which was penalized by the sanitary crisis in the first 2 quarters of the year, but also very much ahead of 2019, 
which was a record year of profits for Veolia. 2021 guidance is therefore fully confirmed. Our teams have also 
remained fully committed to finalizing the acquisition of Suez around year-end. We are now all looking forward to 
welcoming Suez’s teams in order to create the world leader in ecological transformation. »

Revenue of €20 357M vs. €18 705M in the 9 months 2020, an increase of +8.8% at current exchange rates 
and of +9.4% at constant exchange rates.
In the first 9 months of 2021 Veolia’s activity progressed significantly. The adaptation measures put in place early 
2020 to face the sanitary crisis have contributed to recover a very positive momentum as from the second half of 
2020, which has continued in 2021.
At constant exchange rates, after a growth of 4.0% in Q1,2021 and of +19.7% in Q2,2021 compared to Q2 2020 
which was the most penalized quarter by the sanitary crisis (revenue was down 11%), Q3 2021 progressed by 
5.9%, versus Q3 2020 which was nearly flat. 
Compared to « pre-Covid » 2019, revenue in the 9 months 2021 increased by 4.7% at constant exchange after 
+4.6% in H1,2021.  
Exchange rates variations unfavorably impacted revenue growth by -0.6% (-€111M)
Scope effect was +€135M. Growth in Central and Eastern Europe (Czech Republic and Hungary mainly) and in 
Global Businesses (acquisition of Osis from Suez) more than offset the divestment of Sade Telecom and of the 
industrial cleaning activity in Singapore. 
Energy prices (heat and electricity) had a favorable impact on revenue of +€131M and recycled material prices of 
+€358M of which +€238M for paper and cardboard, strongly up, of €28M for plastics and of €49M for metals. 
Weather effect was a positive of +€47M, down compared to H1. After a cold winter, favorable for the energy 
activities, rainy summer penalized water volumes in France.
The Volumes/Commerce impact was very positive, +€812M, or +4.3% on the Group’s revenue, thanks to a 
continued solid commercial momentum in all our businesses, the volume rebound in Waste and the recovery of 
works.  
Service prices continued to be well oriented, leading to a favorable impact of +€280M on the Group’s revenue, or 
+1.5%, after +1.3% in the first half.
By geography and at constant exchange rates, the evolution over the 1st nine months of 2021 is as follows

In France, revenue grew strongly, by +10.3% vs. 9M2020 and by +3.5% vs. 2019, to €4 320M. Water 
revenue increased by +1.7% with moderate tariff indexation of +0.7% and volumes down by 2%, due to 
the rainy summer, which effect was offset by the works recovery.  
Waste revenue grew sharply versus 2020 (+20.6% in the 9 months after +23.5% in H1) thanks to new 
contracts and the start-up of a new incineration facility. Volumes were up by +7.3% and recovered their 
pre-Covid level, and price effect was +3.0%.  Waste activities also benefitted from increased recycled 
materials prices (impact of +8.2% on the Waste revenue), with an average recycled papers selling price of 
€165 per ton, a doubling versus 2020. Revenue growth was also very significant compared to 2019, 
+10%. 

Europe excluding France maintained the growth rhythm registered in the first half, with a revenue of   €7 
656 M, up +13.8% vs. 9M 2020 and up +12.1 % vs. 9M 2019. This progression is mostly attributable to 
Central and Eastern Europe, with a revenue of €2 853 M, up +23,3%, mainly in the Energy business, up 
35% thanks to favorable weather, increased heat and electricity prices, and the integration of new assets in 
Prague and Budapest. Water activity grew by +1.5% with stable volumes (+0.2%). UK and Ireland revenue

--- Page 88 ---
88
was €1 772 M, an increase of +6,3%, thanks to the continued growth in C&I waste, very high recycled 
material prices and an excellent availability rate of  the PFIs (93.7%). Increased electricity prices had no 
impact as volumes were pre-sold. Revenue in Germany was €1 436M up +7.1% and even +12.6% at 
constant perimeter, due to C&I volume recovery and high recycled material prices. Scandinavia and the 
Netherlands registered double-digit growth due to good commercial performance with industrial clients 
and strong plastic recycling activity.  Italy, Portugal and Spain grew by +15.5% with new contracts.   

Rest of the World revenue came out up +5.2% compared to 9M 2020, to €5 059 M. All geographies 
progressed, except Pacific, slightly down (-0,9%). Asia grew by +3.5%, including China-Hong Kong up 
+6.5%. Latin America once again registered strong growth, of +15.1% thanks to commercial dynamism, 
price increases and hazardous waste growth. North America grew by +3,5% due to good hazardous waste 
volumes and price increases, which more than offset the temporary shutdowns due to the cold wave in 
Texas in Q1 and the IDA hurricane at the beginning of September. Africa Middle East grew by +10%, 
thanks notably to new contracts in the Middle East.

Global business came out to €3 319 M up +5.7% compared to 9M 2020, and by +9% at constant perimeter 
(mainly excluding the divestment of Sade Telecom). Veolia Water Technologies grew by +4.8%. SADE 
progressed by +7.3% at constant scope. Hazardous waste activity continued to grow sharply, up +27.5% 
vs. 9M 2020 and up +16.5% vs. 2019. This activity remains fast growing in all our geographies. Industrial 
and energy services have confirmed their recovery and are up by +16.3%.
By business, at constant scope and exchange rates, the evolution over the 9 months is as follows:
Water revenue increased by +1.7%, with prices up 0.7% and volumes down 2% in France and up 0.2% in Central 
and Eastern Europe,and solid works activity. Water Technology and Networks grew by 6.1%.  
Waste revenue increased by 14.3%, including volumes up +5.4%, continued well oriented prices (up 2.8%) and the 
impact of higher recycled material prices (+5.1% effect), which has strengthened in the 3rd quarter. Energy revenue 
grew sharply, by 18.2% at constant exchange rates and by 10.6% at constant scope and exchange rates, with a 
favorable weather impact of +1.6% on revenue (+€60M) and a heat and electricity prices impact of +3.4% 

Strong growth of EBITDA to €3 140M vs. €2 492M in the 1st nine months of 2020, an increase of +26.4% 
at constant exchange rates and of +10.2% vs.  2019. 

Exchange rates variations unfavorably impacted EBITDA by -€10M (-0.4%) while scope had a positive 
effect of +€66M (+2.6%).

Solid growth of revenue vs. 9M 2020 translated into a good operating leverage effect at the EBITDA level. 
The strong growth of EBITDA was driven by higher volumes and activity level for +€267M (+10.7% 
impact), by efficiency gains for €299M, ahead of the annual objective of €350M (+12% impact), by higher 
recyclate and energy prices for +€98M (+4.0%) and finally by a price cost squeeze effect of -€155M (-6.2%). 
Weather impact was neutral, as cold winter in Energy was offset by rainy summer for Water in France. 

EBITDA also benefitted in Q3 from a positive Operating Financial Asset (OFA) reimbursement  one-off 
of +€83M, due to the completion of a waste-to-energy facility in France. EBITDA growth remains very 
strong even excluding this one off, at +23.1% vs. 9M 2020. This one off EBITDA item had no impact at 
the EBIT level. In the 4th quarter it will be offset by CO2 cash costs settlements for 2021 and by the 
implementation of the new IFRS treatment (IAS 38) of IT spending. The one off items will therefore be 
neutralized. 

Current EBIT growth of +68.7% to €1 258 M vs. €748M in 2020. 

Exchange rates variations weighed in for -€4M.

The very strong Current EBIT growth of +€510M can be analyzed as follows : 

EBITDA growth for +€658M at constant exchange rates

Depreciation and amortization (including Operating Financial Assets reimbursements) increased by 
€176M due to the integration of new assets in Energy in Central and Eastern Europe and  to the OFA 
one off of €83M (neutralized at EBIT level)

Provisions, fair value adjustments and industrial capital gains improved from -€14M to  +€29M from  
2020 to 2021, thanks to industrial divestitures capital gains, while provisions increase from -€34M to -
€17M in 2020.

--- Page 89 ---
89

Current net income from joint ventures and associates reached €69M vs. €73M in 2020, mainly due the 
divestment of the Shenzhen Chinese water concession. 

Record level for Current Net income Group share: €667M vs. €126M in 2020 and €468M in 2019.

Current net income group share increased sharply, thanks to :

Very strong increase of Current EBIT

Cost of financing down sharply, by €73M to -€242M, due to very favorable Euro debt refinancing (Euro 
bond average borrowing rate of 1.94%), and to the unwinding of a portfolio of interest rates derivatives 
which generated a €20M income. 

Suez dividend corresponding to our 29.9% stake for +€122M.

Other financial income and expense stable at -€125M.

Net financial capital gains of +€7M in 9M 2021 vs. +€9M in 9M 2020.

Higher income tax expense of -€241M vs. -€98M in 9M 2020. Current tax rate was 25%.

Non-controlling interest increased to -€112M vs. -€92M in 9M 2020.
●
Net financial debt of €13 445M at September 30, 2021 vs. €13 217M at December 31, 2020. Record Free 
Cash Flow of +€583M

Net financial debt is stable excluding unfavorable exchange rates impact of -€203M

Controlled Net industrial capex: €1 355M vs. €1 334M in 9M 2020. 

Strict WCR management has led to an improvement of €291M

Net free cash flow generation therefore increased significantly to reach +€705M vs. -€377M at 30 September 
2020. Excluding the Suez dividend of +€122M, it stands at +€583M.

Net financial investments amounted to €258M and including mainly the closing of the acquisition of Osis 
from Suez which had been initiated prior to the launch of the offer on the entire Suez Group. 

Exchange rates variations had an unfavorable impact on net financial debt of -€145M
●
2021 Prospects* fully confirmed   
Following the excellent 9M performance, we fully confirm our full year guidance
▪
Revenue above  2019
▪
More than €350M of efficiency gains : €250M recurring efficiencies and €100M of complementary 
savings from the Recover & Adapt plan
▪
EBITDA target of more than €4.1bn, a growth >12% vs. 2020
▪
Net financial debt below €10bn at the end of  2021 and a leverage ratio below 3 times 
▪
Objective to recover the pre-crisis dividend policy in  2021
* At constant forex
Merger with Suez
The different steps of the combination with Suez proceed as planned and according to the previously announced 
timetable. Several major milestones have been reached during the 3rd quarter of which:

On July 20th, the French Stock Exchange Authority (AMF) declared Veolia’s proposed tender offer on the 
remaining 70.1% stake in Suez, previously filed on June 30th, compliant. The Tender Offer Document, the 
Note in Response from Suez as well as the information required in accordance with Article 231-28 of the 
AMF General Regulation are available on the websites of the AMF, Veolia and Suez. The Tender Offer has 
been opened since July 29th

--- Page 90 ---
90

A rights issue of €2.5 billion was completed with the settlement and delivery of the new shares on October 
8th, 2021. 

After the information consultation process with the employee representative bodies of Suez was completed, 
the Share and Asset Purchase Agreement was signed with the Consortium in order to create New Suez. 
Terms and conditions are fully aligned with the binding offer signed on June 29th. 

The anti-trust process is proceeding as planned. In particular, the official filing before the European 
Commission was done on October 22nd. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR THE PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER, 30 2021
A] KEY FIGURES
Group key figures for the nine months ended September 30, 2021 are presented below. Re-presented comparative 
figures for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 include IFRS 2 share-based payment impacts in current items. 
A reconciliation of published and re-presented indicators is presented in the Appendices.
Change 2020 / 2021
(€ million)
Nine 
months 
ended 
September 
30, 2020 
published
Nine 
months 
ended 
September 
30, 2020 
re-
presented
Nine 
months 
ended 
September 
30, 2021
∆
∆at 
constant 
exchange 
rates
∆at 
constant 
scope and 
exchange 
rates
Revenue
18,705
18,705
20,357
8.8%
9.4%
8.7%
EBITDA (1)
2,492
2,492
3,140
26.0%
26.4%
23.8%
EBITDA margin
13.3%
13.3%
15.4%
Current EBIT (1)
771
748
1,258
68.2%
68.7%
69.1%
Current net income - Group Share
149
126
667
427.9%
428.2%
436.1%
Current net income - Group Share
excluding capital gains and losses on 
financial divestitures net of tax
139
116
662
468.5%
468.5%
477.1%
Net industrial investments
(1,334)
(1,334)
(1,355)
Net free cash flow (2)
(377)
(377)
705
Opening net financial debt
(10,680)
(10,680)
(13,217)
Closing net financial debt
(11,745)
(11,745)
(13,445)
(1)
Including the share of current net income of joint ventures and associates viewed as core Company activities.
(2)
The indicators are defined in Chapter 5, Section 5.5.8 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document.
The main foreign exchange impacts on key figures were as follows:

--- Page 91 ---
91
%
(€ million)
FX impacts vs. September 30, 2020
Revenue 
-0.6%
-111
EBITDA
-0.4%
-10
Current EBIT
-0.5%
-4
Current net income
-0.3%
-0.4
Net financial debt
1.5%
203
B] INCOME STATEMENT 
1.
GROUP CONSOLIDATED REVENUE 
1.1. REVENUE BY OPERATING SEGMENT
The Group consolidated revenue totaled €20,357 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2021, compared 
with €18,705 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2020, up +9.4% at constant exchange rates and +8.7% 
organically. 
Quarterly revenue trends at constant exchange rates by operating segment for the first nine months of 2021 are as 
follows:
Change at constant exchange rates vs. 2020.
Q1 2021
Q2 2021
Q3 2021
France
5.7%
23.5%
3.4%
Europe, excluding France
9.0%
20.9%
13.0%
Rest of the world
0.6%
7.7%
7.5%
Global business
-5.0%
32.5%
-5.8%
Group
4.0%
19.7%
5.9%
Following a post-health crisis recovery in Group activity in Q3 2020, Q3 2021 revenue growth (+5.9% at constant 
exchange rates) confirmed first-half trends. The third quarter confirmed:

the continued upturn in waste activities which benefited from strong volume growth, higher service prices 
and the positive impact of recyclate prices, 

growth in energy activities boosted by the positive impact of tariff reviews 

the ongoing resilience of water activities, despite a negative weather impact on water volumes in France due 
to a wet summer and a high comparison base following the post-health crisis recovery in construction activity 
in Q3 2020.
Change 2020 / 2021

--- Page 92 ---
92
(€ million)
Nine months 
ended 
September 30, 
2020
Nine months 
ended 
September 30, 
2021
∆
∆at constant 
exchange rates
∆at constant 
scope and 
exchange rates
France
3,918
4,320
10.3%
10.3%
10.3%
Europe, excluding France
6,702
7,656
14.2%
13.8%
10.5%
Rest of the world
4,921
5,059
2.8%
5.2%
4.8%
Global business
3,160
3,319
5.0%
5.7%
9.0%
Other
4
3
-
-
-
Group
18,705
20,357
8.8%
9.4%
8.7%
Revenue increased +10.3% in France compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2020:
-
Water revenue is up +1.7% year-on-year boosted by increased construction activities which returned to 2019 levels 
and the positive impact of tariff reviews (+0.7%) which offset lower water volumes due to a wet summer in Q3.
-
Waste revenue rose +20.6% year-on-year continuing the H1 recovery, with higher volumes in industrial waste 
collection (+7,8%) and landfill (+1.5%), favorable recyclate price trends (paper, plastic and ferrous and non-
ferrous metals) and the positive impact of tariff reviews.
Europe excluding France revenue grew 13.8% at constant exchange rates compared with the nine months ended 
September 30, 2020, continuing to benefit from higher recyclate prices and a positive weather effect in energy at the 
beginning of the year. These items combined with the integration of new entities in Central and Eastern Europe and 
the end of the health crisis in the United Kingdom offset waste volumes which remained below pre-health crisis levels:
-
In Central and Eastern Europe, revenue increased +23.3% at constant exchange rates year-on-year to €2,853 
million. This growth was mainly driven by:
o
organic growth in all activities (+10.3% at constant scope and exchange rates) chiefly underpinned by 
higher tariff indexation in energy (in Poland and Hungary) and water (in the Czech Republic, Bulgaria 
and Romania) and a positive weather effect of €55 million (Czech Republic and Poland) observed in H1;
o
a scope impact of €304 million, with the integration of new activities acquired at the end of 2020 in 
cogeneration in Hungary (BERT), heat distribution in the Czech Republic (Prague Right Bank) and waste 
in Russia (MAG);
-
In the United Kingdom/Ireland, revenue increased +6.3% at constant exchange rates to €1,772 million. In Q3, 
revenue continued to benefit from higher recyclate prices (paper and metals), an upturn in industrial waste and 
landfill volumes, which nearly returned to pre-health crisis levels and excellent incinerator performance 
(availability rate of 93.7%).
-
In Northern Europe, revenue grew +8.0% at constant exchange rates year-on-year to €2,076 million. In Germany, 
revenue grew +12.6% at constant scope, thanks to the surge in recyclate prices (€116 million, including €91 
million for paper), the good recovery in commercial waste volumes and strong energy installation activities.
Revenue increased +5.2% in the Rest of the World at constant exchange rates year-on-year, with growth in all 
geographies:

--- Page 93 ---
93
-
Revenue in Latin America increased +15.1% at constant exchange rates, driven notably by favorable tariff 
indexation in Argentina (local inflation) and Colombia, growth in hazardous waste activities in Chile and 
Argentina and commercial wins in waste (Peru and Colombia) and water (Peru).
-
In Africa/Middle East, revenue grew +10% at constant exchange rates following new contract wins, chiefly in 
energy services in the Middle East, increased water volumes in Morocco and business growth in Western Africa 
(Ivory Coast).
-
In North America, revenue increased +3.5% at constant exchange rates year-on-year to €1,291 million. 
Hazardous waste contributed to this growth with higher volumes and a favorable price volume mix, partially offset 
by the impacts of the bitterly cold weather in Texas in the first quarter and hurricane Ida in September which led 
to the temporary shut-down of certain sites. 
-
Revenue in Asia increased +3.5% at constant exchange rates with increased hazardous waste activities in China 
and scope entries in China and India. 
-
In the Pacific zone, revenue fell -0.9% at constant exchange rates. The continuation of sanitary restrictions during 
part of the year affected waste activities (lower volumes), while energy activities were impacted by the sale of an 
industrial asset (impact of -€27 million).
Global businesses revenue increased +5.7% at constant exchange rates compared with the nine months ended 
September 30, 2020, despite the sale of the Sade Telecom business at the end of 2020. At constant scope and exchange 
rates, segment revenue increased +9%:
-
Hazardous waste activities in Europe increased significantly by +27.5% at constant exchange rates, with good 
volume and price levels and a recovery in sanitation and industrial maintenance activities which returned to pre-
health crisis levels. Activity also benefited from the positive scope impact tied to the acquisition of Suez RV OSIS 
in the first-half of the year (revenue of €116 million).
-
Veolia Water Technologies revenue increased +4.8% at constant exchange rates with increased technological 
distribution activities in Europe, the ramp-up of Mobile Unit solutions and the development of municipal projects 
in France. VWT bookings totaled €1,045 million as of September 30, 2021, compared with €929 million one year 
earlier. 
-
SADE 
which 
sold 
its 
Telecom 
activity 
at 
the 
end 
of 
2020 
(scope 
impact 
of 
-€234 million) reported a fall of -18.8% at constant scope and exchange rates and an increase of +7.3% at constant 
scope and exchange rates, driven by dynamic commercial activity in France and a return to pre-crisis activity 
levels.
1.2. REVENUE BY BUSINESS
The Group’s activity by business is marked by resilient Water activities, with growth to end-September 2021 of +2.8% 
at constant scope and exchange rates year-on-year. Revenue growth continued in Waste, exceeding H1 levels (+14.3% 
at constant scope and exchange rates at end-September compared with +13.7% in H1). Energy continued to report 
good activity growth in line with the first six months (+10.6% at constant scope and exchange rates compared with 
+10.3% in H1).
Change 2020 / 2021
(€ million)
Nine months 
ended September 
30, 2020
Nine months 
ended September 
30, 2021
∆
∆at constant 
exchange 
rates
∆at constant 
scope and 
exchange 
rates
Water
7,890
7,810 
-1.0%
-0.2%
2.8%

--- Page 94 ---
94
of which Water Operations
5,954
6,010 
0.9%
1.7%
1.7%
of 
which 
Technology 
and 
Construction
1,936
1,800 
-7.0%
-6.1%
6.1%
Waste
7,090
8,181 
15.4%
15.5%
14.3%
Energy
3,725
4,366 
17.2%
18.2%
10.6%
Group
18,705
20,357 
8.8%
9.4%
8.7%
Water revenue
Water Operations revenue increased +1.7% at constant scope and exchange rates year-on-year confirming the 
activity’s resilience driven by an upturn in construction activity and good commercial momentum despite lower Q3 
volumes due to reduced consumption linked to a wet summer in France.
Technology and Construction revenue is up +6.1% at constant scope and exchange rates compared with September 
30, 2020. This increase is mainly driven by VWT, with growth reported by Westgarth (a subsidiary specializing in the 
Oil & Gas sector) and increased construction activity for municipalities in France and the United States. 
Waste revenue
Revenue increased +14.3% in the Waste business at constant exchange rates compared with the nine months ended 
September 30, 2020, benefiting from ongoing high recyclate prices (+5.1%), volume growth (+5.4%) and positive 
tariff increases (+2.8%).
Recyclate prices and particularly paper prices continued to increase in the third quarter. 
Overall, volumes have returned to pre-health crisis levels, except for commercial and industrial waste which remain 
down in certain geographies.
Energy revenue 
Energy revenue grew +18.2% at constant exchange rates compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2020 
and +10.6% organically, restated for the scope effects of integrating Prague Right Bank heating network activities and 
cogeneration installations in Budapest (+€279 million in revenue).
The business’ strong growth is supported by a highly favorable weather impact at the beginning of the year (+1.6%) 
notably in Central and Eastern Europe, an increased price effect (+3.4%) driven by price rises in Poland and Romania 
and higher volumes (+2.6%) notably in Italy and Central Europe.
1.3. ANALYSIS OF THE CHANGE IN GROUP REVENUE
The increase in revenue breaks down by main impact as follows:
The foreign exchange impact of -€111 million (-0.6% of revenue) mainly reflects fluctuations in American 
(-€123 million) and Asian (-€32 million) currencies, partially offset by an improvement in the Australian (+€41 million) 
and UK (+€42 million) currencies1.
The consolidation scope impact of €135 million mainly concerns the impact of integrating the Prague Right Bank 
urban heating network (€144 million), the Budapest cogeneration installations (€135 million) and waste processing 
                                                
1 Main foreign exchange impacts by currency: US dollar (-€94 million), Argentine peso (-€29 million), Japanese yen (-€29 million), Polish zloty (-
€26 million), Brazilian real (-€9 million), Hong Kong dollar (-€9 million), Czech koruna (+€19 million).

--- Page 95 ---
95
activities in Russia (€25 million) in Central Europe. In the Global businesses segment, the sale of SADE’s Telecom 
network activities in 2020 (-€234 million) was partially offset by the integration of OSIS in 2021 (€116 million).
The commerce / volumes / works impact is +€812 million, driven by higher waste volumes (+€386 million) and 
excellent commercial momentum.
The weather impact is +€47 million and mainly concerns Central Europe where the Energy business benefited from 
a severe winter in the first quarter, offset by the impact of a wet summer in France. 
Energy and recyclate prices had an impact of +€489 million, driven by a strong increase in recyclate prices (+€358 
million, including €238 million for paper, €28 million for plastic and €49 million for metal)) and the positive impact 
of energy prices in Europe and notably in Central Europe, which benefited from higher heating tariffs in Poland, and 
in Germany with favorable impacts on electricity sales.
Favorable price effects (+€280 million) are mainly tied to tariff reviews estimated at +2.8% in waste and +1.0% in 
water.
2.
GROUP EBITDA
Group consolidated EBITDA for the nine months ended September 30, 2021 was €3,140 million, up +26.4% at 
constant exchange rates year-on-year. The margin rate is 15.4% at September 30, 2021, compared with 13.3% at 
September 30, 2020.
The increase in EBITDA between 2020 and 2021 breaks down by impact as follows:
The foreign exchange impact on EBITDA was -€10 million and mainly reflects unfavorable fluctuations in American 
(-€16 million), and Central European (-€3 million) currencies, partially offset by an improvement in the Australian and 
UK currencies2.
The consolidation scope impact of +€66 million mainly reflects the impact of the acquisition of the Prague Right 
Bank urban heating network and the Budapest cogeneration installations in 2020.
Commerce and volume impacts are +€267 million. This increase was driven by higher waste volumes, mainly in 
France and Europe, and strong construction activities in Water in France and in Global businesses (VWT).
The €83 million one-off impact concerns the Operating Financial Asset disposal relating to a waste to energy project 
in France.
Favorable weather impact in Energy +€23 million principally in Central Europe, partially offset by severe weather in 
the US and by the wet summer in France (-€23 million).
Energy and recyclate prices had a favorable impact on EBITDA of +€98 million (vs. +€20 million at September 30, 
2020), including +€75 million in recyclates.
The impact of prices net of cost inflation is -€155 million. 
Cost-savings plans contributed +€299 million at the end of September, ahead of the €350 million annual objective 
and include:
-
post-health crisis additional savings efforts under the Recover & Adapt plan for €87 million;
                                                
2 Foreign exchange impacts by currency: US dollar (-€10 million), Argentine peso (-€4 million), Colombian peso (-€2.0 million), Polish zloty (-€6 
million), United Arab Emirates dirham (-€2 million), Hungarian  forint  (-€1  million), Brazilian real (-€1 million), Australian dollar (+€5 
million), Czech koruna (+€5 million), pound sterling (+€7 million).

--- Page 96 ---
96
-
the efficiency plan for €212 million and mainly concerning operating efficiency (61%) and purchasing (26%)
across all geographic zones: France (25%), Europe excluding France (37%), Rest of the world (25%), Global 
businesses (11%) and Corporate (2%).
3.
CURRENT EBIT
Group consolidated current EBIT for the nine months ended September 30, 2021 was €1,258 million, up significantly 
by +68.7% at constant exchange rates compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2020 re‑presented 3. 
EBITDA reconciles with Current EBIT for the nine months ended September 30, 2021 compared with September 30, 
2020 as follows:
(€ million)
Nine months ended 
September 30, 2020 
published
Nine months ended 
September 30, 2020 
re-presented
Nine months ended 
September 30, 
2021
EBITDA
2,492
2,492
3,140
Renewal expenses
(225)
(225)
(220)
Depreciation and amortization 4
(1,555)
(1,555)
(1,730)
Provisions, fair value adjustments & other
(14)
(37)
(1)
Share of current net income of joint ventures and associates
73
73
69
Current EBIT
771
748
1,258
The significant +€514 million increase in Current EBIT at constant exchange rates compared with September 30, 2020 
re-presented5 is mainly due to: 
-
a marked improvement in EBITDA (+€658 million at constant exchange rates);
-
an increase in depreciation and amortization(1) impacted by 2020 scope entries and the neutralization of the OFA 
disposal relating to a waste incinerator in France (-€83 million)
-
a favorable difference in provisions and other, including higher capital gains on industrial divestitures (+€52 
million at constant exchange rates) mainly relating to asset rotation transactions in Sweden and Norway.
The foreign exchange impact on Current EBIT was -€4 million and mainly reflects fluctuations in American currencies 
(-€8 million)6.
4.
NET CURRENT FINANCIAL EXPENSE
The net financial expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2021 is -€239 million, compared with 
-€433 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2020. This improvement is chiefly due to dividends received 
on Suez shares in respect of 2020 of €122 million and an improvement in the net finance cost.
Cost of net financial debt
                                                
3  See Appendices 
4 Including principal payments on operating financial assets.
5 See Appendices 
6 Foreign exchange impacts by currency: US dollar (-€4 million), Argentine peso (-€3 million), Polish zloty (-€2 million), United Arab 
Emirates dirham (-€2 million), Hungarian forint (-€1 million), Czech koruna (+€2 million) and Swedish crown (+€1 million).

--- Page 97 ---
97
The cost of net financial debt totaled -€242 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2021, compared with -
€315 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2020. This significant decrease in the Group’s cost of net 
financial debt is due to favorable bond issue refinancing conditions in 2020, historically low foreign currency interest 
rates with nonetheless the beginning of an uptick, as well as increased commercial paper contributing to the 
performance of the cost of non-euro denominated debt and the positive impact of the cancellation of the interest rate 
hedging portfolio (pre-hedge swaps) set-up in 2020. 
The Group’s financing rate (excluding IFRS 16 impacts) was therefore 2.67% at September 30, 2021, compared with 
4.24% at September 30, 2020 (2.57% vs. 3.91% including IFRS 16 impacts).
Other financial income and expenses
Other financial income and expenses totaled +€3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2021, compared 
with -€118 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2020. 
They include Suez dividends for 2020 (€122 million) on shares purchased in October 2020 (29.9%) as well as interest 
on concession liabilities (IFRIC 12) of -€57 million and the unwinding of discounts on provisions for 
-€11 million. 
Gains on financial divestitures recognized in the first nine months of 2021 totaled +€7 million and mainly include the 
capital gain on the divestiture of utilities services activities in Nordic countries (€11 million). 
As of September 30, 2020, gains on current financial divestitures totaled +€9 million.
5.
CURRENT INCOME TAX EXPENSE
The current income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2021 amounted to -€241 million, compared 
with -€98 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2020.
The current income tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2021 is 25.4%, versus 40.2% for the nine months 
ended September 30, 2020 re-presented (36.8% as of September 30, 2020 published).
6.
CURRENT NET INCOME
Current net income attributable to owners of the Company was €667 million for the nine months ended September 
30, 2021, compared with €126 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 re-presented (€149 million for 
the nine months ended September 30, 2020 published). Excluding capital gains and losses on financial divestitures net 
of tax and minority interests, current net income attributable to owners of the Company is €662 million, compared with 
€116 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 re-presented (€139 million for the nine months ended 
September 30, 2020 published).
C] CHANGES IN NET FREE CASH FLOW AND NET FINANCIAL DEBT
Net free cash flow for the nine months ended September 30, 2021 is +€705 million, up significantly on the nine months 
ended September 30, 2020 (-€377 million).
The change in net free cash flow year-on-year reflects:
-
the increase in EBITDA over the first nine months through greater activity, the intensification of commercial and 
operating efficiency efforts and an OFA disposal relating to a waste incinerator in France.
-
net industrial investments of €1,335 million, up 1.6% at current exchange rates (+2.2% at constant exchange rates):

--- Page 98 ---
98

Maintenance investments of €778 million (3.8% of revenue);

Growth investments in the current portfolio of €570 million (€516 million in the nine months ended September 
30, 2020);

Discretionary investments of €210 million, in line with September 2020.

Industrial divestitures of €203 million as part of the continuation of the Group’s asset rotation strategy in 
accordance with the objectives set in the Impact 2023 strategic plan.
-
a marked improvement in the change in operating working capital requirements to -€360 million, compared with 
-€651 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 thanks to ongoing debt recovery efforts.
-
the receipt of Suez dividends of €122 million on July 8, 2021 on the shares acquired in October 2020 (29.9% non-
consolidated investment).
Overall, net financial debt amounted to €13,445 million, compared with €13,217 million as of December 31, 2020. 
Compared with December 31, 2020, the change in net financial debt is mainly due to: 
-
net free cash flow generation of +€705 million for the period;
-
the payment of the dividends voted by the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 22, 2021 (-€397 million);
-
net financial investments of -€258 million (including acquisition costs and net financial debt of new entities) and 
mainly comprising the impact of the acquisition of OSIS and an organic fertilizer plant in France and the 
divestment of Utilities Services activities in Sweden and Norway and of the Shenzhen water concession in China. 
Net financial debt was also impacted by negative exchange rate fluctuations of -€203 million as of September 30, 2021 
compared with December 31, 2020 7.
APPENDICES
A] RECONCILIATION OF DATA PUBLISHED IN 2020 AND 2019 WITH DATA RE-PRESENTED IN 2021
From fiscal year 2021 and with a view to improving comparability with other issuers, the impacts of applying IFRS 2, 
“Share-based payments”, are now included in Current EBIT.
In accordance with ESMA guidance on changes in the definition of non-GAAP indicators, the 2019 and 2020 indicators 
were restated.
Reconciliation of aggregate indicators for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019
(in euro millions)
Sept 2019 excl 
IFRS 2
Impact 
IFRS 2
Sept 2019 
incl IFRS 2
Sept 2020 
excl IFRS 2
Impact 
IFRS 2
Sept 2020 
incl IFRS 2
Revenue
19 764
19 764
18 705
18 705
EBITDA
2 894
2 894
2 492
2 492
EBITDA margin
14,6%
14,6%
13,3%
13,3%
Personnel cost- share based payments
-18
-18
-23
-23
Current EBIT 
1 190
-18
1 172
771
-23
748
Net current income Group share
486
-18
468
149
-23
126
                                                
7 Mainly driven by negative impacts on the US dollar (-€71 million), pound sterling (-€42 million), Czech koruna (-€30 million), Hong 
King dollar (-€21 million) and Chinese renminbi yuan (-€14 million).

--- Page 99 ---
99
Net current income Group share 
excl. financial capital gains
468
-18
450
139
-23
116
Net capex
-1 455
-1 455
-1 334
-1 334
Net Free cash flow
-167
-167
-377
-377
Net financial Debt (opening)
-11 567
-11 567
-10 680
-10 680
Net financial debt (closing)
-12 487
-12 487
-11 745
-11 745
Reconciliation of 2020 and 2019 Q3 indicators:
(in euro millions)
Q3 2019 excl. 
IFRS 2
Impact 
IFRS 2
Q3 2019 
incl IFRS 2
Q3 2020 excl 
IFRS 2
Impact 
IFRS 2
Q3 2020 
incl IFRS 2
Revenue
6 441
6 441
6 293
6 293
EBITDA
892
892
893
893
EBITDA margin
13,8%
13,8%
14,2%
14,2%
Personnel cost- share based payments
-9
-9
-21
-21
Current EBIT
332
-9
323
333
-21
312
Net current income Group share
133
-9
124
142
-21
121
Net current income Group share 
excl. financial capital gains
134
-9
125
134
-21
113
This adjustment does not impact Net income attributable to owners of the Company in so far as it involves a 
reclassification between current and non-current items in Net income attributable to owners of the Company.
B] DEFINITIONS
To calculate Current EBIT (which includes the share of current net income of joint ventures viewed as core Company 
activities and associates), the following items are deducted from operating income: 
-
goodwill impairments of fully controlled subsidiaries and equity-accounted entities; 
-
restructuring charges; 
-
non-current provisions and impairment; 
-
non-current and/or significant impairment of non-current assets (property, plant and equipment, intangible assets 
and operating financial assets); 
-
Share acquisition costs. 
For the other indicators, please refer to Section 5.5.8 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document.
5.
Press release dated 6 October 2021
VEOLIA ANNOUNCES THE SUCCESS OF I TS SHARE CAPITAL I NCREASE OF €2.5 BILLION AS 
PART OF THE FINANCING OF THE COMBINATION OF VEOLIA AND SUEZ
The share capital increase of €2.5 billion marks a critical milestone on the path for the combination of Veolia and 
SUEZ to create the world champion of ecological transformation. The success of this capital increase and the support

--- Page 100 ---
100
from our existing shareholders, as evidenced by the strong take-up rate, confirm the powerful rationale that underpins 
the combination with SUEZ. The tender offer on SUEZ shares is expected to close by January 2022, subject to 
regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions.
Results of the share capital increase
Following the subscription period, which ended on October 1st, 2021, the total demand amounted to more than 193 
million shares, for an amount close to € 4.4 billion, leading to a well oversubscribed transaction with a take-up rate of 
approximately 175.4 %:
-
106,245,716 new shares were subscribed on an irreducible basis (à titre irréductible), representing 
approximately 96.24 % of the new shares to be issued;
-
orders submitted on a reducible basis (à titre réductible) represented 87,366,331 new shares and will therefore 
only be partially allocated for a number of 4,151,080 new shares8.
The final gross proceeds of the share capital increase with shareholders’ preferential subscription rights (the “Rights 
Issue”) announced on September 16th, 2021 amount to €2,506,007,269.20 corresponding to the issuance of 
110,396,796 new shares at a subscription price of €22.70.
Antoine Frérot, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Veolia, said: « I am glad to announce the success of our 
€ 2.5 billion capital increase, which is part of the financing of the acquisition of SUEZ.
Most of our shareholders have decided to increase their investment in Veolia, which is a testimony of their confidence 
in our growth prospects in very supportive environmental markets, as well as in our successful integration of SUEZ.
I am very grateful to our shareholders and to all of our stakeholders for their faithfulness and their long lasting support, 
especially since the beginning of this historical project, creating the world champion of ecological transformation. »
Rationale for the Capital Increase
The proceeds of the Rights Issue will be used to finance in part the tender offer on SUEZ shares, for an amount of c.€9 
billion. The Rights Issue is part of a total financing package that also includes the proceeds expected from the disposal 
of new SUEZ9 to a consortium consisting of Meridiam, GIP and CDC/CNP Assurances for an enterprise value of €10.4 
billion10. The tender offer on SUEZ shares is expected to close by January 2022, subject to regulatory approvals and 
customary closing conditions.
Main shareholder subscription
Pursuant to its commitment, Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations (CDC), which has a direct holding representing 
approximately 4.50% of Veolia’s share capital, exercised all the preferential subscription rights relating to direct 
holding. Through this subscription, CDC confirms its long-term commitment to Veolia and its support for the business 
combination with SUEZ.
Timetable
Settlement and delivery of the new shares and trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris will happen on October 
8th, 2021. The new shares, which will entitle their holders to any dividends declared by Veolia as from the date of 
issuance, will be, as from their issuance date, fully fungible with Veolia’s existing shares and will be traded under the 
same trading line and ISIN code as Veolia’s existing shares (ISIN code FR0000124141).
                                                
8 Allocated according to a coefficient of 0.01258324 calculated according to the number of rights submitted in support of irreducible subscriptions
without resulting in an allocation of fractions of new shares and without theallocation being greater than the number of new shares requested on a
reducible basis.
9 New SUEZ to encompass the municipal water and solid waste activities of Suez in France, as well as the activities of Suez in particular in water 
and in the following geographies: Italy (including the stake in Acea), the Czech Republic, Africa (including Lydec), Central Asia, India, China,
Australia, and the global digital and environmental activities (SES).
10 Including a potential earn-out of €300 million to be paid at the end of the 2021 fiscal year which depends on the 2021 EBITDA.

--- Page 101 ---
101
Impact of the Capital Increase
Following the settlement and delivery of the Rights Issue, Veolia’s share capital will amount to €3,449,899,925 
comprised of 689,979,985 shares with a nominal value of €5 each.
6.
Press release dated 16 September 2021
VEOLIA LAUNCHES A €2.5 BILLION SHARE CAPITAL INCREASE
On 14 May 2021, Veolia and SUEZ signed a historic combination agreement leading to the creation of the world 
champion of ecological transformation. This agreement led to the opening of a tender offer on 29 July on the 70.1% 
stake in SUEZ not yet held by Veolia. In this context, Veolia announces the launch of a share capital increase with 
shareholders’ preferential subscription rights in an amount of approximately €2.5 billion (including issue premium) 
(the "Rights Issue").
Key terms and highlights of the transaction

Veolia, which currently owns 29.9% of SUEZ, launched a tender offer on the remainder of the share capital of 
SUEZ on 29 July 2021

The proceeds from the capital increase will be used to partly finance the acquisition of SUEZ and create a world 
champion in ecological transformation

Subscription ratio: 4 new shares per 21 existing shares

Subscription price: €22.70 per new share; 19.1% discount to TERP (theoretical ex-rights price) based on 14 
September's closing price of Veolia shares, i.e. €29.06

Theoretical value of the preferential subscription right: €1.02

Preferential subscription rights trading period: from 17 September 2021 to (and including) 29 September 2021

Subscription period: from 21 September 2021 to (and including) 1 October 2021

Rights Issue results: 6 October 2021 (post market close)

Settlement & delivery and listing of the new shares: 8 October 2021
The proceeds of the Rights Issue will be used to finance in part the tender offer on SUEZ shares, for an amount of c.€9 
billion. The Rights Issue is part of a total financing package that also includes the proceeds expected from the disposal 
of new SUEZ11 to a consortium of investors consisting of Meridiam, GIP and CDC/CNP Assurances for an enterprise 
value of €10.4 billion12.
The combination will enable Veolia to acquire the strategic assets needed to pursue its goal of building a world 
champion in ecological transformation, benefiting from increased scale and improved profitability with c.€37 billion 
revenues and c.€6 billion EBITDA on a pro-forma basis. With synergies estimated by Veolia at €500 million per year, 
of which c.20% in the first year and more than 60% in the second year, the combination will be strongly value-creative 
for the Group’s shareholders, with an expected c.10% EPS accretion in 2022 and c.40% in 2024.The transaction 
financing will allow to maintain leverage below or equal 3.0x, in line with the Group’s objectives, and preserve current 
ratings.
The combination is expected to close by 2021 year-end subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing 
conditions.
                                                
11 New SUEZ to encompass the municipal water and solid waste activities of Suez in France, as well as the activities of Suez in particular in water 
and in the following geographies : Italy (including the stake in Acea), the CzechRepublic, Africa (including Lydec), Central Asia, India, China, 
Australia, and the global digital and environmental activities (SES).
12 Including a potential earn-out of €300 million to be paid at the end of the 2021 fiscal year which depends on the 2021 EBITDA.

--- Page 102 ---
102
Antoine Frérot, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Veolia, said: “The combination agreement signed on 14 May 
2021 with SUEZ will lead to the creation of the world champion of ecological transformation. As part of the financing 
of this transaction, Veolia is, today, launching a €2.5 billion capital increase (reserved in priority for its shareholders), 
which will strengthen the prospects of the new entity and accelerate its development at a time when environmental 
concerns have never been so strong.”
Key terms of the Rights Issue
The Rights Issue will be carried out with shareholders’ preferential subscription rights and will result in the issuance 
of 110,396,796 new shares at a subscription price of €22.70 per share (i.e., a nominal value of €5.00 plus an issue 
premium of €17.70), to be fully paid up upon subscription, representing gross proceeds, including the issue premium, 
of €2,506,007,269.20.
Holders of existing shares recorded on their accounts as of the end of the accounting day on 16 September 2021 will 
be entitled to receive preferential subscription rights which will be detached from the underlying existing shares on 17 
September 2021. Existing shares will therefore trade ex-right from 17 September 2021.
Each existing share will entitle its holder to receive one (1) preferential subscription right. 21 rights will entitle holders 
to subscribe for 4 new shares on an irreducible basis (à titre irréductible), at a subscription price of €22.70 per new 
share. 
Subscriptions on a reducible basis (à titre réductible) will be accepted. Any new shares not subscribed on an irreducible 
basis (à titre irréductible) will be distributed and allocated to the holders of the rights having submitted additional 
subscription orders on a reducible basis (à titre réductible) subject to reduction in the event of over-subscription.
Based on the closing price of Veolia’s share price on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (“Euronext Paris”) on 14 
September 2021, i.e. €29.06:

the theoretical value of one (1) preferential subscription right is €1.02 (this value may fluctuate during the 
rights trading period, in particular depending on changes in the price of the Veolia share)

the theoretical value of the ex-right share is €28.04 

the subscription price for the new shares of €22.70 per share (representing a nominal value of €5.00 plus 
an issue premium of €17.70) reflects a discount of 19.1% to the theoretical ex-right share price and 21.9% 
to the closing price on 14 September 2021
The only offer to the public in the context of the rights issue will be in France.
Subscription intentions
The Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations (CDC), which has a direct holding representing 4.50% of Veolia’s share 
capital, has announced its support for the Rights Issue and that it will participate to the extent of its rights.
Dilution 
For illustrative purposes only, a shareholder holding 1.0% of Veolia’s share capital as of 14 September 2021, and who 
does not participate in the Rights Issue, would hold 0.84% following its completion.
Underwriting
The Rights Issue is being underwritten pursuant to an underwriting agreement entered into on 15 September 2021 with 
a syndicate of banks. This underwriting agreement does not constitute an irrevocable guarantee (garantie de bonne fin) 
within the meaning of Article L. 225-145 of the French Commercial Code.

--- Page 103 ---
103
Lock-up undertaking
Veolia has agreed to a lock-up period starting on the signing date of the underwriting agreement and ending 180 
calendar days after the settlement and delivery date of the Rights Issue, subject to certain exceptions.
Indicative timetable of the Rights Issue
The preferential subscription rights will be traded on Euronext Paris under the ISIN code FR0014005GA0 from 17 
September 2021 until 29 September 2021 inclusive. It will not be possible to buy or sell the preferential subscription 
rights on the market after the close of trading on 29 September 2021. The subscription period for the new shares will 
run from 21 September 2021 to 1 October 2021, inclusive.
Any preferential subscription rights not exercised before the end of the subscription period, i.e. the close of trading on 
1 October 2021, shall automatically become null and void. Settlement and delivery of the new shares and 
commencement of trading on Euronext Paris are expected to take place on 8 October 2021. The new shares, which will 
entitle their holders to any dividends declared by Veolia as from the date of issuance, will be, as from their issuance 
date, fully fungible with Veolia’s existing shares and will be traded under the same trading line and ISIN code as 
Veolia’s existing shares (ISIN code FR0000124141).
Availability of the Prospectus
The prospectus (the “Prospectus”) including (i) the 2020 universal registration document (document d’enregistrement 
universel) of Veolia filed with the AMF on 17 March 2021 under number D.21-0145, (ii) the amendment to the 2020 
universal registration document filed with the AMF on 15 September 2021 under number D.21-0145-A01 and (iii) a 
securities note (note d’opération) (including the summary of the prospectus) which was filed with the AMF and 
received approval under number n° 21 – 401 dated 15 September 2021 is available on the website of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) and the company (www.veolia.com). Copies of the Prospectus are available free of charge at 
the Group’s registered office (21, rue La Boétie, 75008 Paris).
Risk factors
Investors’ attention is drawn to the risk factors included in chapter 2 “Risk Factors and Control” of the 2020 universal 
registration document, as supplemented by section 3 “Risk Factors” of the amendment to the 2020 universal 
registration document and in chapter 2 “Risk Factors” of the securities note (note d’opération). 
In particular, investors are invited to take into consideration the risks related to the contemplated combination, in 
particular those related to SUEZ’s performance and contingent liabilities, as well as to the integration of SUEZ’s 
activities and potential failure to achieve expected synergies, as set out in section 3 “Risk Factors” of the amendment 
to the 2020 universal registration document.

--- Page 104 ---
104
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE OF THE NOTES
Summary of Dealer Agreement
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 10 December 
2021 (as amended or supplemented as at the issue date, the "Dealer Agreement") between Veolia Environnement, the 
Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis to the permanent dealers (the 
"Permanent Dealers"). However, Veolia Environnement has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf 
to dealers that are not Permanent Dealers (together with the Permanent Dealers, the "Dealers"). The Notes may also 
be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents for the Issuer. 
Veolia Environnement will pay each relevant Dealer the commission agreed between them in respect of the Notes 
subscribed by or through such Dealer.
Veolia Environnement has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer.
Selling restrictions
General
These selling restrictions may be amended or supplemented in a supplement to this Base Prospectus, in particular 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive.
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a non-exempt offer of any of the Notes, or possession 
or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required.
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will 
comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it acquires, purchases, offers, 
sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any 
Final Terms and that it will obtain any consent, approval or permission required for the purchase, offer or sale of Notes 
under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it makes such purchase, offer or sale. None of the 
Issuer or any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that Materialised Notes may only be issued and placed with investors outside 
France.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or both) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID 
II"); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and
(b)
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Notes.

--- Page 105 ---
105
United Kingdom
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this 
provision:
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or both) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; and
(b)
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Notes.
Other regularoty restrictions
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree that:
(a)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to 
persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, 
manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue 
of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by 
it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act 
No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"). Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, 
including and corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from 
the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and 
any other relevant laws, ministerial guidelines and regulations of Japan.

--- Page 106 ---
106
United States of America
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S.
Materialised Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than one (1) year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in 
certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder.
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, except 
as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer or sell or, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, deliver the 
Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar
days after the later of the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche and the closing date, except in 
accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S.
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S.
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the later of the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche 
of Notes and the closing date, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering of such Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
Hong Kong
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that:
(a)
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
(except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 
571) of Hong Kong ("SFO")) other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules 
made under that Ordinance; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a 
"prospectus" as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that 
Ordinance; and
(b)
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession 
for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document 
relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the 
public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with 
respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to 
"professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under that Ordinance.
People's Republic of China
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer or sell 
any of the Notes in the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macau 
Special Administrative Region and Taiwan) except as permitted by the securities laws of the People's Republic of 
China.
Singapore
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (the "MAS"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold any 
Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell 
any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated

--- Page 107 ---
107
or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection 
with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any 
person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures 
Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of 
the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or 
any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275, 
of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of 
the SFA.
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of 
which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each 
of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,
securities (as defined in Section 239(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest 
(howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six (6) months after that corporation or that trust has 
acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:
(i)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to any 
person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
(ii)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(iii)
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v)
as specified in Regulation 32 of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Shares and 
Debentures) Regulations 2005 of Singapore.
Belgium
With regard to Notes having a maturity of less than 12 months and qualifying as money market instruments within the 
meaning of the Belgian Prospectus Act (as defined below) (and which therefore fall outside the scope of the Prospectus 
Regulation), this Base Prospectus has not been, and it is not expected that it will be, submitted for approval to the 
Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autoriteit voor Financiële Diensten en Markten / Autorité des 
services et marchés financiers) (the "Belgian FSMA").  Accordingly no action will be taken, and each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it shall refrain from taking any action, that would be characterised as or result in a public offering of such 
Notes in Belgium in accordance with the Prospectus Law of 16 June 2006 on public offerings of investment instruments 
and the admission of investment instruments to trading on regulated markets, as amended or replaced from time to 
time (the "Belgian Prospectus Act").
Materialised Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purposes of their immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 December 
2005.
The Notes are not intended to be sold to Belgian Consumers. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of 
Notes may not be advertised to any Belgian Consumer and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered 
and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver the Notes and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus (including this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms), memorandum, information circular, brochure 
or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
For these purposes, a "Belgian Consumer" has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as 
amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de droit

--- Page 108 ---
108
économique), being any individual (personne physique/natuurlijke persoon) resident or located in Belgium and acting 
for purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or professional activity.

--- Page 109 ---
109
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories of potential target markets referred to in 
item 18 of the Guidelines published by European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on 5 February 2018 has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]13
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET - Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach 
to EU non-legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, 
as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]14
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU on markets 
in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II")]/[MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 on insurance distribution, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
                                                
13
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into 
account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018.
14
The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore 
there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations 
where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both 
are included.

--- Page 110 ---
110
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
[Notification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore – The Notes 
are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore).]15
                                                
15 Legend to be included only if (i) the Notes are being offered to investors in Singapore through a financial institution 
operating in Singapore and (ii) the Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products, as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.

--- Page 111 ---
111
Final Terms dated []
VEOLIA ENVIRONNEMENT
Euro 16,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
SERIES NO: []
TRANCHE NO: []
[Brief description and Amount of Notes]
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]
PART A
CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 10 December 2021 which received approval number 21-526 from the Autorité des marchés financiers
("AMF") in France on 10 December 2021 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [] which received 
approval number [] from the AMF on [] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation
and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and 
the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available on the websites of (a) the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) and (b) Veolia Environnement ("the Issuer") (www.finance.veolia.com) and copies may be 
obtained from Veolia Environnement, 30 rue Madeleine Vionnet, 93300 Aubervilliers. [In addition16, the Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing [at/on] []].
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a 
Base Prospectus with an earlier date.
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") set 
forth in the [Base Prospectus] dated [] which received approval number [] from the Autorité des marchés financiers
("AMF") in France on [] [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] dated [] which received approval number [] 
from the AMF on []]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"), as amended, and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus dated 10 December 2021 which received approval number 21-526 from the AMF on 10 December
2021 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [] which received approval number [] from the AMF on []], 
which [together] constitute[s] a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the 
Conditions which are extracted from the [Base Prospectus] dated [] which received approval number [] from the 
AMF on [] [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] dated [] which received approval number [] from the AMF 
on []] are attached hereto. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for 
viewing on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) Veolia Environnement (the "Issuer") 
(www.finance.veolia.com) and copies may be obtained from Veolia Environnement, 30 rue Madeleine Vionnet, 93300
Aubervilliers. [In addition17, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for 
viewing [at/on] []].
1.
(i)
Issuer:
Veolia Environnement
2.
(i)
Series Number:
[]
                                                
16
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than Euronext Paris
17
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than Euronext Paris

--- Page 112 ---
112
(ii)
[Tranche Number:
[]
(if fungible with an existing Series, details of 
that Series, including the date on which the 
Notes become fungible).]
The Notes will be assimilated (assimilées) and form a 
single series with the (insert description of the 
relevant Series) (the "Existing Notes") as from the 
date of assimilation which is expected to be on or 
about 40 calendar days after the Issue Date.
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[]
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
(i)
Series:
[]
(ii)
Tranche:
[]
5.
(i)
Issue Price:
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)]
6.
Specified Denomination(s):
[] 18 (one denomination only for Dematerialised 
Notes)
7.
(i)
Issue Date:
[]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date:
[specify/Issue Date]
8.
Maturity Date:
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year]
9.
Interest Basis:
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify reference rate] +/– [] per cent. Floating 
Rate]
[Fixed/Floating Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
[CPI Linked Interest]
[HICP Linked Interest]
(further particulars specified below)
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
[Redemption at par]
[Inflation Linked Redemption]
11.
Put/Call Option:
[Put Option]
[Call Option]
                                                
18
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 and which have a maturity of less than one (1) year must have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 113 ---
113
[Make-Whole Redemption] [will apply unless 
otherwise specified]
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option]
[(further particulars specified below)]
12.
(i)
Status of the Notes:
Unsubordinated Notes
(ii)
Dates of corporate authorisations for 
issuance of the Notes:
[Decision of the Conseil d'administration of Veolia 
Environnement dated []
and decision of the 
Chairman and CEO (Président Directeur Général) 
dated []]19
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
13.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Rate [(s)] of Interest:
[] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/ semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear]
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[] in each year [adjusted in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified below / not 
adjusted]20
(iii)
Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]21:
[[] per [] in nominal amount/Not Applicable]
(iv)
Broken Amount:
[[] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in/on] [] / Not Applicable]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual – ISDA] / [Act/Act] 
/ [Act/Act (ISDA)] / [Actual/365 -
FBF] / 
[Actual/Actual – FBF] / [Actual/Actual – ICMA] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[360/360 Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond 
Basis]]
(Day count fraction should be Actual-Actual-ICMA 
for all fixed rate issues other than those denominated 
in U.S. Dollars or RMB, unless agreed otherwise)
(vi)
Determination Date(s):
[] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA) or for 
RMB Notes)
(vii)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
                                                
19
Relevant only for Notes constituting obligations under French law
20
RMB Notes only
21
Not applicable for RMB Notes

--- Page 114 ---
114
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention]
(viii)
Business Centre:
[] / [Not Applicable]
(ix)
Party responsible for calculating Interest 
Amounts (if not the Calculation Agent)22:
[] / [Not Applicable]
14.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Interest Period(s):
[]
(ii)
Specified Interest Payment Dates:
[]
(iii)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention]
(iv)
Business Centre(s):
[]
(v)
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined:
[FBF Determination/ISDA Determination/ Screen 
Rate Determination]
(vi)
Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent):
[]
(vii)
FBF Determination:

Floating Rate:
[]

Floating Rate Determination Date 
(Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable):
[]

FBF Definitions (if different from 
those set out in the Conditions):
[]
(viii)
ISDA Determination:

Floating Rate Option:
[]

Designated Maturity:
[]

Reset Date:
[]

ISDA Definitions:
[[]/[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions]]
(ix)
Screen Rate Determination:

Reference Rate:
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR]
                                                
22
RMB Notes only.

--- Page 115 ---
115

Interest Determination Date:
[[] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first calendar day in 
each Interest Period/each Interest Payment Date]][, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the [Floating 
Rate Business Day Convention/ Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention].]]

[Relevant Screen Page:
[]
(In the case of SOFR, delete this paragraph)]

[Reference Banks:
(Only applicable in the case of EURIBOR)
[specify four]]

[SOFR 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
determination:
(Only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout Compound 
/ SOFR Lookback Compound / SOFR Shift 
Compound]]

[SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date:
(Only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

[Observation Look-Back Period:
(Only applicable in the case of SOFR or SONIA) 
[]/[Not Applicable]]
(x)
Margin(s):
[+/–] [] per cent. per annum 
(xi)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[[specify a positive interest rate] per cent. per 
annum/0 as per Condition 6.6.3]
(xii)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable]
(xiii)
Day Count Fraction:
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual – ISDA] / [Act/Act] 
/ [Act/Act (ISDA)] / [Actual/365 -
FBF] / 
[Actual/Actual – FBF] / [Actual/Actual – ICMA] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[360/360 Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond 
Basis]]
(xiv)
Rate Multiplier:
[]
15.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Amortization Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum
(ii)
Day Count Fraction:
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual – ISDA] / [Act/Act] 
/
[Act/Act (ISDA)] / [Actual/365 -
FBF] / 
[Actual/Actual – FBF] / [Actual/Actual – ICMA] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[360/360 Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond 
Basis]]

--- Page 116 ---
116
16.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Change of Interest Basis:
[Issuer Change of Interest Basis/Automatic Change of 
Interest Basis]
(ii)
Switch Date:
[]
(iii)
Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods 
preceding 
the 
Switch 
Date 
(excluded):
Determined in accordance with [Condition 6.1, as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note] / [Condition 
6.2, as though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] 
with further variables set out in item [13/14] of these 
Final Terms
(iv)
Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods 
following 
the 
Switch 
Date 
(included):
Determined in accordance with [Condition 6.1, as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note] / [Condition 
6.2, as though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] 
with further variables set out in item [13/14] of these 
Final Terms
17.
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions relating to CPI or 
HICP Linked Interest
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Index:
[CPI/HICP]
(ii)
Party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent);
[]
(iii)
Interest Period(s):
[]
(iv)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[]
(v)
Base Reference:
[CPI/HICP] 
Daily 
Inflation 
Reference 
Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [])
(vi)
Rate of Interest:
[] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation 
Index Ratio
(vii)
Day Count Fraction:
[[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual – ISDA] / [Act/Act] 
/ [Act/Act (ISDA)] / [Actual/365 -
FBF] / 
[Actual/Actual – FBF] / [Actual/Actual – ICMA] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[360/360 Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond 
Basis]]
(viii)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[]
(ix)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
18.
Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 117 ---
117
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note:
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination
(iii)
If redeemable in part:

Minimum nominal amount to be 
redeemed:
[]

Maximum nominal amount to be 
redeemed:
[]
(iv)
Option Exercise Date(s):
[]
(v)
Notice period (if other than as set out in the 
Conditions):
[]
19.
Make-Whole Redemption (Condition 7.2.2)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Notice period:23
[]
(ii)
Parties to be notified (if other than set out in 
Condition 7.2.2):
[[]/Not Applicable]
(iii)
Make-Whole Redemption Margin:
[]
(iv)
Make-Whole Redemption Rate:
[]
(v)
Reference Security:
[]
(vi)
If redeemable in part:

Minimum nominal amount to be 
redeemed:
[]

Maximum nominal amount to be 
redeemed:
[]
20.
Clean-up Call Option (Condition 7.2.3)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
21.
Residual Maturity Call Option (Condition 7.2.4)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Residual Maturity Call Option Date:
[]
(ii)
Notice period:
[]
22.
Put Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
                                                
23
If setting notice periods which are different from those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider 
the practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as 
any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 118 ---
118
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note:
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination
(iii)
Option Exercise Date(s):
[]
(iv)
Notice period:
[]
23.
Final Redemption Amount of each Note
[[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination]/[As 
provided below for Inflation Linked Notes]
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions relating to the 
Final Redemption Amount:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Index:
[CPI/HICP]
(ii)
Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes:
[Condition 7.4 applies]
(iii)
Base Reference:
[CPI/HICP] 
Daily 
Inflation 
Reference 
Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [])
(iv)
Party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent):
[]
24.
Early Redemption Amount
(i)
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption for taxation reasons, 
illegality or an event of default:
[]/[As provided below for Inflation Linked Notes] 
(ii)
Redemption for taxation reasons permitted 
on calendar days other than Interest Payment 
Dates:
[Yes/No]
(iii)
Unmatured Coupons to become void upon 
early redemption (Bearer Notes only):
[Yes/No/Not Applicable]
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions relating to the 
Early Redemption Amount:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Index:
[CPI/HICP]
(ii)
Early Redemption Amount in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes:
[Condition 7.5.2 applies]
(iii)
Base Reference:
[CPI/HICP] 
Daily 
Inflation 
Reference 
Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [])

--- Page 119 ---
119
(iv)
Party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent):
[] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
25.
Form of Notes:
[Dematerialised 
Notes 
/ 
Materialised 
Notes, 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form)] 
[Delete as appropriate]
(i)
Form of Dematerialised Notes:
[Not Applicable / Dematerialised Bearer Notes (au 
porteur)/Dematerialised Fully Registered Notes (au 
nominatif pur) / Dematerialised Administered 
Registered Notes (au nominatif administré)]
(ii)
Registration Agent:
[Not Applicable / if Applicable give name, address 
and details] (Note that a Registration Agent must be 
appointed in relation to Dematerialised Registered 
Notes only)]
(iii)
Temporary Global Certificate:
[Not Applicable / Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes on [] (the "Exchange Date"), being 40 
calendar days after the Issue Date subject to 
postponement as provided in the Temporary Global 
Certificate]
(iv)
Materialised Note Agent:
[Not Applicable / if Applicable give name, address 
and details] (Note that a Materialised Note Agent 
must be appointed in relation to Materialised Notes)
(v)
Applicable TEFRA exemption:
[C 
Rules/D 
Rules/Not 
Applicable]
(Only applicable to Materialised Notes)
26.
Identification information of Noteholders as provided 
by Condition 2.1:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
27.
Financial Centre(s) relating to payment dates:
[Not Applicable/specify any other financial centres]. 
Note that this item relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to which 
items 13(viii) and 14(iv) relate]]
28.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such Talons mature):
[Yes/No. If yes, give details]
(Only applicable to the Materialised Notes)
29.
Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and 
reconventioning provisions:
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition []] 
[annexed to these Final Terms] apply]
30.
Consolidation provisions:
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
[]][annexed to these Final Terms] apply]

--- Page 120 ---
120
31.
Masse:
[Name and address of the Representative: []
Name and address of the alternate Representative:  
[]]
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of []]
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of Notes described 
herein pursuant to the Euro 16,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of the Issuer.]
RESPONSIBILITY
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.
Signed on behalf of Veolia Environnement:
Duly represented by:

--- Page 121 ---
121
PART B
OTHER INFORMATION
1.
Listing
(i)
Listing and admission to 
trading:
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed and/or
admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris] / [] with effect from 
[].] [Not Applicable.]
(ii)
[Regulated 
Markets 
or 
equivalent 
markets 
on 
which, to the knowledge of 
the Issuer, securities of the 
same class of the Notes to be 
admitted to trading are 
already admitted to trading:
[The Existing Notes are admitted to trading on []]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
Existing Notes are already admitted to trading.)]24
(iii)
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading:
[] 
2.
Ratings 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [have been rated]/[are expected to be rated]:
[S&P: []]
[Moody's: []]
[[Other]: 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.)
[[Each of] [S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P")], [Moody's France S.A.S("Moody's")] [and 
[]] is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation"). As such, [each of] [S&P], [Moody's] [and []] is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.]
[[Each of] [] [and []] is established in the European Union and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended, although the result of such applications has not been 
determined.]
[[None of [] and] [] is [not] established in the European Union [nor has/and has not] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended.]
[[insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [is] [are] not established in the United Kingdom and [is] [are] not 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the UK CRA Regulation). The rating[s] of the notes issued by [insert name of relevant EEA 
CRA(s)] [has][have] been endorsed by [insert name of relevant UK CRA(s)], in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation and [has][have] not been withdrawn. As such, the rating[s] issued by [insert name of 
                                                
24
Delete if the issue is not a fungible issue.

--- Page 122 ---
122
relevant EEA CRA(s)] may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with 
the UK CRA Regulation.]25
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)
3.
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the [Issue offer]
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: ["So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material 
to the offer."]/[][Amend as appropriate if there are other interests.]
4.
Third party information and statement by experts and declarations of any interest
Where information has been sourced from a third party, provide a confirmation that this information has been 
accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. In addition, the Issuer shall identify the source(s) of the information.
5.
Use, and estimated net amount of the proceeds
(i)
Use of proceeds:
[General corporate purposes]/[if reasons for offer different from 
the "Use of Proceeds" of the Base Prospectus, will need to include 
those reasons here]
(ii)
Estimated net amount of 
proceeds:
[]
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split 
out and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund 
all proposed uses state amount and sources of other funding.)
6.
[Fixed Rate Notes Only - Yield
Indication of yield:
[]
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield.]
7.
[Floating Rate Notes only - Information on Floating Rate Notes
Historic interest rates:
Details of historic [EURIBOR/SOFR/SONIA] can be 
obtained from [•].]
8.
[Notes linked to a benchmark only - Benchmark
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [specify the applicable benchmark] 
which is provided by [•]. As at [•], [•] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as amended (the "Benchmarks Regulation").]
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
apply] such that [legal name of the benchmark administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). [As 
                                                
25 To be included only in the case of an issue for which placement in the UK is contemplated and the rating(s) of the 
Notes issued by the EEA CRA are to be endorsed by a UK CRA.

--- Page 123 ---
123
at [●], [●] appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the
Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom.]]
9.
Inflation-Linked Notes only—Performance of index, Explanation of effect on value of investment and 
Associated Risks and Other Information
Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the index can be obtained, [and 
a clear and comprehensive explanation to help investors understand how the value of their investment is 
affected by the value of the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most evident]. 
[When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation].
(a)
Name of underlying index: []
(b)
Information about the index, its volatility and past and future performance can be obtained, [but not] free 
of charge, from: []/[give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of volatility and 
performance]
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information (specify what information will be reported and where 
it can be obtained)]/[does not intend to provide post-issuance information.]  
10.
Operational Information
ISIN Code:
[]
Common Code:
[]
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI):
969500LENY69X51OOT31
Depositaries:
(i)
Euroclear France to act as 
Central Depositary:
[Yes/No]
(ii)
Common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear and Clearstream:
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear and Clearstream and the 
relevant identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] [and address(es)]
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s):
[]/[Not Applicable]
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
[] (Insert name of Materialised Note Agent here if Notes are 
Materialised Notes)
The aggregate principal amount of 
Notes issued has been translated into 
Euro at the rate of [] producing a sum 
of:
[]
11.
Distribution
(i)
Method of distribution
[Syndicated/Non-Syndicated]

--- Page 124 ---
124
(ii)
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(In case of RMB issues underwritten on a several and not joint 
basis, 
include 
appropriate 
disclosure 
of 
underwriting 
commitments and arrangements.)
(iii)
Stabilisation
Manager(s) 
(including addresses) (if any):
[Not Applicable/give name]
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name]
12.
Other Markets
All Regulated markets or equivalent 
markets on which, to the knowledge of 
the issuer, securities of the same class 
of the securities to be offered or 
admitted to trading are already 
admitted to trading:
[[]/None]

--- Page 125 ---
125
GENERAL INFORMATION
1.
AMF approval and admission to trading
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority pursuant 
to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 10 December 2022. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in 
the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid.
Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext Paris. 
In accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, a request may be made for the notification of a 
certificate of approval to any competent authority of any Member State of the EEA, in order for Notes issued 
hereunder to be listed and admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market.
2.
Corporate authorisations
Veolia Environnement has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the Republic of 
France in connection with the update of the Programme.
Any issue of Notes, to the extent that such Notes constitute obligations, requires the prior authorisation of the 
Conseil d'administration (Board of Directors) of Veolia Environnement, which may delegate its powers to 
any person of its choice pursuant to Article L.228-40 of the French Code de commerce.
For this purpose, on 9 March 2021 the Conseil d'administration of Veolia Environnement authorised its 
Président-Directeur général, for a one (1) year period starting on 9 March 2021, to issue Notes within the 
limits set by the Conseil d'administration.
To the extent that Notes to be issued by the Issuer do not constitute obligations, their issues will fall within 
the general authority of the Président-Directeur général of the Issuer or any other duly authorised person 
acting by delegation.
3.
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI)
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Veolia Environnement is 969500LENY69X51OOT31.
4.
Definitive Bearer Materialised Note
Each definitive Bearer Materialised Note, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: "Any United 
States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, 
including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code".
5.
Clearing systems
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems, which are entities in 
charge of keeping the records. The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) 
and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of 
Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42 avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg.
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed either with the Issuer or 
with the registration agent.
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France.

--- Page 126 ---
126
6.
Statutory auditors
KPMG S.A., Tour Eqho, 2 avenue Gambetta, 92066 Paris La Défense, France and Ernst & Young 1 -2, Place 
des Saisons Paris-La Défense 1 – 92400 Courbevoie have (i) audited and rendered unqualified audit reports 
on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2020 and (ii) carried out a limited review of the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for 
the half year ended 30 June 2021. KPMG S.A. and Ernst & Young are registered with the Compagnie 
Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles and regulated by the Haut Conseil du Commissariat 
aux Comptes. 
7.
Category
The Notes to be issued by the Issuer qualify under Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with US Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) 
(the "D Rules") unless (i) the relevant Final Terms state that such Materialised Notes are issued in compliance 
with US Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "C Rules"), or (ii) such Materialised Notes are issued other 
than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
"registration required obligations" under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 
("TEFRA"), which circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which 
TEFRA is not applicable.
The TEFRA rules do not apply to any Dematerialised Notes.
8.
Material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Veolia 
Environnement since 31 December 2020.
9.
Legal and arbitration proceedings
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any member of the Group is or has been 
involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during a period covering at least the past twelve (12)
months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or 
profitability of the Group.
10.
No significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial performance 
and/or financial position of the Issuer or the Group since 30 September 2021.
11.
Material Contracts
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, to the best of its knowledge, Veolia Environnement has not entered 
into any material contract which could result in any Group member being under an obligation that is material 
to Veolia Environnement's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of Notes issued under the 
Programme.
12.
Documents on display
For so long as Notes may be issued under the Programme, the following documents will be available, free of 
charge, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), at the office 
of Veolia Environnement, 30 rue Madeleine Vionnet, 93300 Aubervilliers, France, and on the website of the 
Issuer (www.finance.veolia.com): 
(a)
the statuts ("by-laws") of Veolia Environnement; 
(b)
the Agency Agreement; and
(c)
all reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert any part 
of which is extracted or referred to in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 127 ---
127
In addition, so long as any Notes issued under this Base Prospectus remain listed and/or admitted to trading 
on any Regulated Market, the following documents will be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) and on the website of the Issuer (www.finance.veolia.com):
(a)
the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or offered to 
the public in France; 
(b)
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base Prospectus 
and any documents incorporated by reference therein.
13.
Yield
In respect of any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the expected yield on the Notes shall be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield shall be calculated on the Issue Date of the Notes based on 
the Issue Price. The specified yield shall be calculated as being the yield to maturity on the Issue Date of the 
Notes and shall not be an indication of future yields.
14.
Forward looking statements
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference) contains certain statements that 
are forward-looking including statements with respect to the Issuer's and the Group's business strategies, 
expansion and growth of operations, trends in the business, competitive advantage, and technological and 
regulatory changes, information on exchange rate risk and generally includes all statements preceded by, 
followed by or that include the words "believe", "expect", "project", "anticipate", "seek", "estimate" or similar 
expressions. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result 
of various factors. Potential investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, 
which speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts or 
estimates under the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended, supplementing the 
Prospectus Regulation.
15.
Stabilisation
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation
manager(s) (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) 
in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure 
of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end 
no later than the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) 
calendar days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.
16.
Currencies
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "U.S. 
dollar" and "$" are to the currency of the United States of America, references to "yen" are to the currency of 
Japan, references to "Sterling" and "£" are to the currency of the United Kingdom, references to "Renminbi" 
or "RMB" are to the currency of the People's Republic of China ("PRC") and references to "€" and "Euro" are 
to the lawful currency of the participating member states of the European Union that have adopted or adopt 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community as amended from 
time to time.
17.
Benchmark
Amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for
the purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation. In this case, a statement will be included in the applicable Final 
Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included in ESMA's register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation.
18.
Potential conflict of interests with the Dealers and/or the Calculation Agent

--- Page 128 ---
128
All or some of the Dealers, the Calculation Agent or their respective affiliates have engaged and/or may in 
the future engage, in investment banking, commercial banking and other financial advisory and commercial 
dealings with the Issuer and its affiliates and in relation to securities and financial instruments issued by any 
entity of the Group in the ordinary course of business. They (i) have engaged or may engage in investment 
banking, trading or hedging activities including activities that may include prime brokerage business, 
financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions that may involve securities and financial 
instruments issued by any entity of the Group, (ii) may act as underwriters in connection with offering of debt 
or equity securities or other financial instruments issued by any entity of the Group or (iii) may act as financial 
advisers to the Issuer or other companies of the Group. In the context of these transactions, certain of such 
Dealers or their respective affiliates have or may hold positions, deal or make markets in debt or equity 
securities or other financial instruments (or related derivative securities) issued by entities of the Group 
including the Notes issued under the Programme, for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers. Where applicable, they have or will receive customary fees and commissions for these 
transactions. Certain of the Dealers or their respective affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers or their respective affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers, the Calculation Agent and their
respective affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients 
that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the term "affiliate(s)" also includes parent companies.

--- Page 129 ---
129
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS
The Issuer hereby declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained or incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that it contains no omission which could affect its import.
Veolia Environnement
21 rue La Boétie
75008 Paris
duly represented by Antoine Frérot, Chairman and CEO
on 10 December 2021
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as amended. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it 
contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 10 December 2021 and is valid until 10 December 2022 and shall, during 
this period and in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended, be 
completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or 
inaccuracies. This Base Prospectus obtained the following approval number: n°21-526.

--- Page 130 ---
- 130 -
ISSUER
VEOLIA ENVIRONNEMENT
21 rue La Boétie
75008 Paris
France
Tel: +33 (0)1.85.57.70.00
PERMANENT DEALERS
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC
One Molesworth Street
Dublin 2
DO2RF29
Ireland
Banco Santander, S.A.
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 28660, 
Boadilla del Monte,
Madrid, 
Spain
BNP Paribas
16, boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris
France
  BofA Securities Europe SA
51 rue La Boétie
75008 Paris
France
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank
12, place des Etats-Unis
CS 70052 92547 Montrouge 
Cedex
France
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), 
S.A.
Calle de Ayala, 42
28001 Madrid
Spain
Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft
Taunusanlage 12
60325 Frankfurt
Germany
HSBC Continental Europe
38, avenue Kléber
75116 Paris
France
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V.
World Trade Center, Tower H, 
11th Floor
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Natixis
30, avenue Pierre Mendès France
75013 Paris
France
NatWest Markets N.V.
Claude Debussylaan 94
1082 MD Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Société Générale
29, boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France  
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets 
Europe GmbH
Main Tower, 18th Floor, Neue 
Mainzer Str. 52-58
60311 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
ARRANGER
Société Générale
29, boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France

--- Page 131 ---
- 131 -
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT, CALCULATION AGENT, 
REDENOMINATION AGENT AND CONSOLIDATION AGENT
Société Générale
32 rue du Champ de Tir
CS 30812
44308 Nantes Cedex 3
France
AUDITORS 
to the Issuer
Ernst & Young et Autres
KPMG SA
1 -2, Place des Saisons
Tour Eqho
Paris-La Défense 1 
2 avenue Gambetta
92400 Courbevoie
92066 Paris La Défense
France
France
LEGAL ADVISERS
to the Issuer
to the Permanent Dealers
Gide Loyrette Nouel A.A.R.P.I.
Allen & Overy LLP
15, rue de Laborde
52, avenue Hoche
75008 Paris
75008 Paris
France
France