--- Page 1 ---
1
Base Prospectus dated 1 October 2021
Vesteda Finance B.V.
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Netherlands with its statutory seat in Amsterdam)
€2,500,000,000
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Under the guaranteed euro medium term note programme (the Programme) described in this base prospectus (the 
Base Prospectus), Vesteda Finance B.V. (the Issuer), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives, may from time to time issue Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Notes (the Notes) guaranteed by 
Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V. (the Guarantee and the Guarantor respectively). The expression "Guarantor" 
shall include each additional person who becomes a Guarantor pursuant to a deed of guarantee originally dated 3 
July 2014 as most recently amended and restated on 1 October 2021 (the Deed of Guarantee). The aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €2,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other 
currencies).
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit 
Financiële Markten, the AFM) in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
Prospectus Regulation). The AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantor that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and of the quality of 
the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The period of validity of this Base Prospectus is up to (and including) 12 months from the date of the 
approval of this Base Prospectus and shall expire on 1 October 2022 at the latest. This Base Prospectus (as 
may be supplemented from time to time) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are 
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA). The obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.
Application may be made to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (Euronext) for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
listed on Euronext in Amsterdam (Euronext Amsterdam). 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes 
have been listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Amsterdam. Euronext Amsterdam is a regulated market for 
the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II). However, unlisted Notes may also be issued 
pursuant to the Programme and application may be made to other exchanges for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed on such other exchanges provided that, in the case of a listing on a regulated market, a 
prospectus supplement or individual (drawdown or base) prospectus is published. The relevant Final Terms (as 
defined in “Overview of the Programme – Method of Issue”) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify 
whether or not an application will be made for such Notes to be listed on Euronext Amsterdam or on any other 
exchange.
Each Series (as defined in “Overview of the Programme – Method of Issue”) of Notes will be in bearer form and 
will be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form (each a Temporary Global Note) or a 
permanent global note in bearer form (each a Permanent Global Note). If the Global Notes (as defined in 
“Overview of the Programme – Method of Issue”) are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be issued in new global 
note (NGN) form, the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche 
(as defined in “Overview of the Programme – Method of Issue”) to a common safekeeper (the Common 
Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, 
Luxembourg).

--- Page 2 ---
2
Global notes which are not issued in NGN form (Classic Global Notes or CGNs) will be deposited on the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the 
Common Depositary).
The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes 
are described in “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”.
Tranches of Notes (as defined in “Overview of the Programme – Method of Issue”) to be issued under the 
Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be 
the same as the rating assigned to the Notes already issued. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of 
Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the EU CRA Regulation) or the 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation), will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms.
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
All investments in the Notes issued under the Programme involves risks. Prospective investors should have regard 
to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus.
Amounts payable on Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR or certain other reference rates as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute 
(EMMI), as the administrator of EURIBOR, is included in the European Securities and Markets Authority’s 
(ESMA) register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation). If a benchmark (other than EURIBOR) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final 
Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority’s (the FCA) register of 
administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK Benchmarks Regulation). The registration status of any 
administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, is a 
matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Base 
Prospectus or any relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.
This Base Prospectus is issued in replacement of an earlier Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 30 
June 2020.
Arranger for the Programme 
Rabobank 
Dealers
ABN AMRO
BNP PARIBAS
Rabobank

--- Page 3 ---
3
TABLE OF CONTENTS
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ...................................................................................................................4
RISK FACTORS.........................................................................................................................................................9
IMPORTANT NOTICE...........................................................................................................................................32
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS................................................................................................36
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................................37
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................39
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM......................68
USE OF PROCEEDS ...............................................................................................................................................73
VESTEDA GROUP AND THE FUND – CORPORATE PROFILE AND BUSINESS.....................................75
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .........................................................................................................................98
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR ...........................................................................................................110
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................................112
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ...............................................................................................................................121
FORM OF FINAL TERMS...................................................................................................................................124
GENERAL INFORMATION................................................................................................................................140
GLOSSARY ............................................................................................................................................................143

--- Page 4 ---
4
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Notes 
should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole, including any information incorporated 
by reference. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980.
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview.
Issuer:
Vesteda Finance B.V., a private company with limited liability (besloten 
vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under the 
laws of the Netherlands, having its corporate seat (statutaire zetel) in 
Amsterdam, the Netherlands and its registered office at De Boelelaan 
759, 1082 RS Amsterdam, the Netherlands and registered with the 
Commercial Register (Handelsregister) of the Chamber of Commerce 
under number 55723322 (the Issuer).
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI):
72450072M9HBDGD2GH67
Guarantor:
Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V., a private company with limited liability 
(besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated 
under the laws of the Netherlands, having its corporate seat (statutaire 
zetel) in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and its registered office at De 
Boelelaan 759, 1082 RS Amsterdam, the Netherlands and registered 
with the Commercial Register (Handelsregister) of the Chamber of 
Commerce under number 56605838 (the Guarantor).
Guarantor Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI):
724500YVNMNZMZFQUO84
Fund:
Vesteda Residential Fund, a fund for the joint account of the participants 
(fonds voor gemene rekening) (the Fund).
Vesteda or Vesteda Group:
The 
Fund, 
Stichting 
DRF 
I, 
any 
Fund 
Entity, 
Stichting 
Administratiekantoor Vesteda, the Issuer, Vesteda Investment 
Management B.V., Vesteda Project Development B.V., Vesteda 
Services B.V., the Guarantor and their Subsidiaries for the time being.
Description:
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme.
Risk Factors:
There are certain factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor to fulfil their respective obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme. These risks relate to the following (A) Fund risks, (B) 
Portfolio and Valuation risks, (C) Business & Organisation risks, (D) 
Financial risks and (E) Legal and Regulatory risks and certain factors 
which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme. See "Risk Factors".

--- Page 5 ---
5
Arranger:
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.
Dealers:
ABN AMRO Bank N.V., BNP Paribas and Coöperatieve Rabobank 
U.A. 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme.
Fiscal Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg branch.
Paying Agent:
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg branch.
Listing Agent:
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Amsterdam branch.
Listing and Trading:
Applications have been made to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. for the 
Notes to be admitted during the period of twelve months after the date 
hereof to listing and trading on Euronext in Amsterdam, the regulated 
market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. The Notes may also be listed on 
further stock exchange(s) and/or markets as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each Series. Notes issued 
under the Programme may also be unlisted.
The relevant Final Terms will state whether the relevant Notes are to be 
listed, quoted and/or traded and, if so, on or by which competent listing 
authority(ies) or stock exchange(s) and/or quotation system(s).
Clearing Systems:
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other clearing 
system as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Programme Size:
Up to €2,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed at any one time. 
The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance 
with the terms of the Programme Agreement.
Method of Issue:
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in series (each a Series) having one or more issue 
dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect 
of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended 
to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series 
may be issued in tranches (each a Tranche) on the same or different 
issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be 
completed, where necessary, with the relevant terms and conditions and, 
save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and 
nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the final terms (the 
Final Terms). 
Issuance in Series:
The Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series 
will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and the 
amount of the first payment of interest may be different in respect of 
different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to

--- Page 6 ---
6
identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes 
of different denominations.
Forms of Notes:
Notes may only be issued in bearer form. 
Each Tranche of bearer Notes will (unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) initially be represented by a Temporary Global 
Note. 
Each Temporary Global Note (i) which is intended to be issued in NGN 
form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the relevant Issue Date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or (ii) which is not intended to be 
issued in NGN form may be deposited on or around the relevant Issue 
Date with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or for any other agreed clearing system. 
A Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable as described therein for 
a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
for Definitive Notes. A Permanent Global Note is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in accordance with its terms, all as described in "Form 
of Notes" below.
Specified Currencies:
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, such currencies 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set 
out in the relevant Final Terms).
Status of the Notes:
The Notes will constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer, and will rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for any obligations 
preferred by a mandatory operation of applicable law.
Status of the Guarantee:
The Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the 
Guarantor, on an unsubordinated basis.
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which is 
at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par.
Maturities:
Any maturity as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) of not less than one year, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank or regulatory authority (or equivalent body) 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency.
Redemption:
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other Redemption Amount 
(as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) (detailed in a 
formula, index or otherwise) as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Notes may also be redeemable in two or more instalments on 
such dates and in such manner as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 7 ---
7
Optional Redemption:
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders to the extent 
(if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Tax Redemption:
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early redemption 
will only be permitted for tax reasons as described in Condition 9 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption for tax reasons). 
Interest:
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) 
may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or other variable rate and the 
method of calculating interest may vary between the issue date and the 
maturity date of the relevant Series.
Denominations:
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, save that Notes which are to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market within the EEA, or a specific segment of a 
regulated market within the EEA to which only qualified investors (as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be 
issued with a minimum denomination of €100,000 or its equivalent in 
another currency.
Negative Pledge:
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in 
Condition 5 (Covenants).
Cross Default:
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default as described in 
Condition 12 (Events of Default).
Taxation:
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without withholding 
or deduction of taxes imposed by the Netherlands or any political 
subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to, 
subject to certain exemptions. In the event that any such withholding or 
deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances 
(including but not limited to any FATCA withholding), be required to 
pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted or, if the Issuer 
elects, it may redeem the Series affected.
Governing Law:
Dutch law. 
Ratings:
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be 
the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to 
Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable 
rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not 
each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes 
will be (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or in 
the United Kingdom (the UK) and registered (or which has applied for 
registration and not been refused) under the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, respectively, or (2) issued by a credit rating 
agency which is not established in the EEA or in the UK but will be

--- Page 8 ---
8
endorsed by a credit rating agency which is established in the EEA or in 
the UK, respectively, and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, respectively, or (3) issued by a credit rating 
agency which is not established in the EEA or in the UK but which is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, 
respectively, will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU 
CRA Regulation from using a rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA, 
if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating 
is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under 
the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK regulated investors are required 
to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a non-UK credit rating 
agency but it is endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency or (2) 
the rating is provided by a non-UK credit rating agency that is certified 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.
Selling Restrictions:
There are selling restrictions in relation to the United States, the EEA, 
the United Kingdom, France, Japan, the Netherlands and Belgium and 
such other restrictions as may apply in connection with the offering and 
sale of a particular Tranche or Series. See "Subscription and Sale".
Distribution:
Notes may be distributed outside the United States to persons other than 
U.S. persons (as such terms are defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act) by way of private or public placement and in each case 
on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.

--- Page 9 ---
9
RISK FACTORS
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer and the Guarantor may become insolvent or otherwise 
be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually or 
together could result in the Issuer and the Guarantor becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the 
Notes. The Issuer and the Guarantor have identified in this Base Prospectus the risk factors which could materially 
adversely affect their businesses and ability to make payments due under the Notes. In addition, factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described 
below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the material risks currently deemed 
to be inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to 
pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons currently 
unknown and/or for the reason that the Issuer and the Guarantor deem other risks, events, facts or circumstances 
not included in the Base Prospectus to be immaterial, although they could, individually or cumulatively, prove to be 
important and may have a significant negative impact on the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the Notes. Accordingly, 
the Issuer and the Guarantor do not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of investing in any Notes 
are exhaustive.
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the order in which the 
remaining risks are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the risks actually materialising, of 
the potential significance of the risks or of the scope of any potential negative impact to the Issuer's and the 
Guarantor’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The Issuer and the Guarantor may 
face a number of these risks described below simultaneously and some risks described below may be interdependent. 
While the risk factors below have been divided into categories, some risk factors could belong in more than one 
category and prospective investors should carefully consider all of the risk factors set out in this section.
Prospective investors should carefully review the entire Base Prospectus and should reach their own views before 
making any decision on the merits and risks of investing in the Notes. Prospective investors should consult their 
financial, legal and tax advisers to carefully review and assess the risks associated with an investment in the Notes 
issued and consider such an investment decision in the context of the investor's personal circumstances.
RISK FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER THE NOTES OR THE GUARANTOR'S OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE GUARANTEE
A.
Fund Risks
Redemption requests may lead to the sale of Fund assets at a loss
The participants of the Fund have, subject to certain conditions as set out in the terms and conditions of the Fund 
(the Fund Terms and Conditions), the possibility to issue requests to redeem rights of participants in the Fund (the 
Participation Rights). Also, once in every seven years, the Fund is subject to the “liquidity review” by the 
participants of the Fund. In February 2026, the Fund will be subject to the next liquidity review. The liquidity review 
triggers the mechanism by which participants are given the opportunity to re-evaluate their respective Participation 
Rights in the Fund and to indicate if and to what extent they would like to redeem all or a portion of their Participation 
Rights or increase the number of their Participation Rights. If the majority of participants decide that they would like 
to have all their Participation Rights redeemed, the fund manager of the Fund (the Fund Manager) must draw up a 
liquidity plan, which may include the sale of Fund assets and/or the eventual liquidation of the Fund. In addition, a 
liquidity period may be triggered which, amongst others, may prevent the Fund Manager to make new investments 
or deleverage.

--- Page 10 ---
10
It is possible that the Fund incurs losses if it has to sell its assets to meet redemption requests of its participants as 
set out above. In particular, this could be the case if redemptions are large, occur during volatile market periods, at a 
time when the Fund’s assets have declined in value, or if the underlying assets to be sold have become undesirable 
or illiquid this could have material adverse effects on the Fund’s net assets, financial condition, cash flow, and results 
of operations, and could eventually impair the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their obligations arising 
from the Notes and the Guarantee, respectively, towards the Noteholders.
B.
Portfolio and Valuation Risks
The strategy of the Fund may be based on inappropriate assumptions, resulting in lower (in)direct return
The Fund is, among others, dependent on demographic and economic developments in the Netherlands and on its 
ability to adapt its strategy and activities to these developments. As such, the strategy of the Fund is based on certain 
assumptions relating to, inter alia, economic conditions, market for rental properties, and demographic conditions in 
the Netherlands. Although the Fund has no reason to believe that these assumptions are inappropriate, it cannot be 
excluded that these assumptions turn out to be incorrect. For example, targeted rent increases may not be 
implemented as planned due to a lack of tenants who are willing or able to pay increased rents, or vacancy rates may 
increase, for example due to unfavourable demographic or economic developments. Also, the Fund’s properties (the 
Properties, each a Property and together, as the context may require, the Portfolio) may not meet market demands 
(or the Fund is slower than its competition to meet market demands) in terms of type of property or location. All 
these factors could result in Properties not developing as favourably as expected, having an impact on, among others, 
the rental income available to the Fund and the value of its Properties, which could have a material adverse effect on 
the Fund’s business, net assets, financial condition, cash flow, and results of operations, and could eventually impair 
the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their obligations arising from the Notes and the Guarantee, 
respectively, towards the Noteholders.
The return of the Fund can be adversely affected by negative economic and market developments in the Netherlands
The Fund invests primarily in residential real estate and, to a lesser extent, in commercial real estate solely in the 
Netherlands. As a result, the whole Portfolio of the Fund may be impacted by economic and other factors specifically 
affecting the real estate market in the Netherlands and in the regional sub-markets where its Properties are located. 
Rental revenues and occupancy rates, (maintenance) costs and valuations are sensitive to such factors which can 
sometimes result in rapid, substantial increases and decreases in rental and valuation levels. Such factors may include 
general economic climate, local conditions such as an oversupply of space, a reduction in demand for residential 
property in an area, competition from other available space or increased operating costs, political developments, 
government regulations and changes in planning laws or policies or tax laws, interest rate levels, inflation, wage 
rates, levels of employment and the availability of consumer credit. If one or more of these macro-economic 
indicators develop negatively from the Fund's perspective, this could have material adverse effects on the Fund's 
business, net assets, financial condition, cash flow, and results of operations and could eventually impair the ability 
of the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their obligations arising from the Notes and the Guarantee, respectively, 
towards the Noteholders. 
Aforementioned factors may differ from those affecting the real estate markets in other European countries. Due to 
the relatively concentrated nature of the Fund’s Properties, a number of them could experience any of the same 
conditions at the same time. If real estate conditions in the Netherlands decline relative to real estate conditions in 
other regions, the Fund’s cash flows, operating results and financial condition may be more adversely affected than 
those of companies that have more geographically diversified portfolios of properties, and this could eventually 
impair the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their obligations arising from the Notes and the Guarantee, 
respectively, towards the Noteholders.

--- Page 11 ---
11
The return of the Fund can be adversely affected by climate developments in the Netherlands
Due to the changing climate, physical climate risks such as frequent droughts, extreme rainfall and rising water levels 
may become a reality. The physical climate risks have an impact on the liveability the Fund’s Properties but also on 
the Portfolio as an investment. Whilst the Fund aims to gain more insight into the physical climate risks for its 
Portfolio and aims to use these insights to develop a policy in this respect to evaluate new acquisitions and to mitigate 
and/or reduce the risks to its existing Portfolio, these insights may be faulty or the measures may be ineffective. This 
could result in Properties not developing as favourably as expected or the incurrence of additional costs, having an 
impact on, among others, the rental income available to the Fund and the value of its Properties, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Fund’s business, net assets, financial condition, cash flow, and results of operations, 
and could eventually impair the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their obligations arising from the 
Notes and the Guarantee, respectively, towards the Noteholders.
The COVID-19 outbreak and subsequent governmental measures may impact the Fund’s (in)direct returns in the 
short and long term
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the impact of COVID-19 on Vesteda’s business has been relatively limited. 
Vesteda’s business operations and processes continued to run well throughout the pandemic and it can deliver all 
services to the tenants, mostly via digital channels. However, Vesteda did incur significantly lower revaluations of 
the Portfolio in 2020. The impact on the rental levels has been limited to date. However, the vacancy rates rose in 
the higher rental segment, especially in Amsterdam, and Vesteda experiences higher frictional vacancies (vacancy 
caused by a tenant leaving and a new tenant moving in). It is still uncertain what the long-term effects of the pandemic 
will be on the Dutch economy and the Dutch real estate market in particular. The impact will depend on whether the 
economy will continue its recovery. Reference is made to risk factor "The return of the Fund can be adversely 
affected by negative economic and market developments in the Netherlands" wherein the potential impact of macro-
economic developments is described. 
Furthermore, COVID-19 may result in higher outstanding receivables and loss of rent and the value of the assets 
may be further negatively impacted which could have a material adverse effect on the Fund’s business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flow, and results of operations, and could eventually impair the ability of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor to meet their obligations arising from the Notes and the Guarantee, respectively, towards the Noteholders. 
The return of the Fund can decrease due to negative developments in the valuation of the Portfolio
The valuation of the Portfolio of the Fund depends on various factors. These include: change of interest rates, market 
deterioration or unfavourable development of the (projected) rent levels or vacancy rates. In addition to this, a yield 
shift due a changed market perception of the risk profile of the asset class real estate may also have a negative impact 
on the valuation of Properties.
Valuations of the Portfolio are executed by external appraisers and express the professional opinion of the relevant 
appraisers on the relevant Property and are not guarantees of present or future value in respect of such Property. 
Moreover, valuations seek to establish the amount that a typically motivated buyer would pay a typically motivated 
seller and, in certain cases, may have taken into consideration the purchase price paid by the existing Property owner.
In case any of the abovementioned factors change or in case an external appraiser overvalues a Property, the Fund 
may need to adjust the current Fair Values of its investment Properties and/or pipeline developments as recorded in 
the Fund’s balance sheet and recognise significant losses. This would have significant negative effects on its net asset 
value and loan to value-ratio and could have a material adverse effect on the Fund’s assets, financial condition and 
results of operations, and could eventually impair the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their obligations 
arising from the Notes and the Guarantee, respectively, towards the Noteholders.

--- Page 12 ---
12
Limited liquidity in the Dutch real estate market can affect the Fund’s financial position
As part of its strategy, the Fund aims to acquire turnkey projects and, on occasion, property portfolios which fit 
within its existing Property portfolio and its current management platform, and which the Fund believes might 
improve the quality of its Property portfolio, contribute to MSCI outperformance and ensure a stable rental growth. 
However, the availability of real estate projects might be limited, for example due to increase building costs, fewer 
sales of real estate properties by housing corporations and developers. As a result, the restricted supply could increase 
competition for acquisitions that would be suitable for the Fund and result in the prices of residential properties on 
the Dutch market to increase. As a consequence of these factors, the Fund could be forced to pay higher prices or 
could only be able to acquire fewer (if any) properties. Furthermore, the Fund’s acquisition of additional property 
projects can be financed by taking on additional debt or by issuing and offering new participations in the Fund, or 
by a combination thereof. If the Fund is unable to obtain the necessary capital on reasonable terms, it may be unable 
to make further acquisitions, or may be able to do so only to a limited extent.
The real estate market, in which the Fund invests and operates, is characterised by limited liquidity. The Fund’s 
general ability to sell parts of its real estate portfolio depends on the state of investment markets and on market 
liquidity. If the Fund were required to sell parts of its real estate portfolio, including for the purpose of raising cash 
to support its operations, there is no guarantee that the Fund would be able to sell such parts of its portfolio on 
favourable terms or at all. As such, deterioration of market circumstances may have a negative impact on the volume 
of sales transactions and therefore adversely impact revenue from sales from disposals and the result on disposals, 
which could be utilized to support its operations. In addition to this, price erosion of prices for residential properties 
could adversely impact revenue from sales from disposals and the result on disposals. Furthermore, the Fund is 
continuously seeking to optimise its portfolio. If there is a deterioration of market circumstances, this may have an 
effect on the Fund’s ability to enter into sales transactions that could help to enhance the portfolio. 
In case the Fund cannot acquire or dispose of real estate projects in accordance with its strategic targets, this could 
have a material adverse effect on the Fund’s rental growth, assets, financial condition and results of operations, and 
could eventually impair the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their obligations arising from the Notes 
and the Guarantee, respectively, towards the Noteholders.
Not meeting sustainability goals for the Portfolio could negatively impact the Fund
The Fund sees Corporate Sustainability and Social Responsibility (CSSR) as vitally important for the long-term 
value development of its Portfolio, the organisation as a whole and the society in which the Fund operates. In the 
Fund’s view, its efforts in the field of CSSR improve and strengthen the Fund, both directly and indirectly, contribute 
to the Fund’s returns on investments, enable the Fund to attract funding in the financial markets and create value for 
all its stakeholders. The Fund’s investors are also putting more emphasis on the sustainability of their investments. 
As a result, the Fund has set clear and ambitious CSSR targets for its Portfolio, including a target for the Global Real 
Estate Sustainability Benchmark (GRESB) benchmark score, which are an integral part of the business plan and are 
therefore firmly embedded in the Fund’s business operations. Furthermore, sustainability and climate risks form an 
important part of Vesteda’s investment decision process for new acquisitions. Vesteda introduced an Environmental, 
Social and Governance (ESG) framework to determine a sustainability impact score per project to provide for a 
broader scope on relevant sustainability risks and factors. In the ESG framework sustainability risks and factors are 
incorporated and used to score projects that Vesteda is interested investing in. As a result, each project gets a 
sustainability impact score based on approximately 25 indicators. The weighted average of this score results in a 
weighted assessment of the sustainability performance of the project. Although Vesteda sets high requirements on 
the sustainability for many years, the ESG framework and the sustainability impact score is new and will be further 
developed and refined over time. The integration with the ESG framework will ensure that sustainability risks and 
factors are an integrated part of the decision making process.

--- Page 13 ---
13
Investors are also embracing other goals and initiatives, such as the United Nation’s Sustainable Development Goals 
and the United Nation’s Principles for Responsible Investment.
The Fund’s inability to achieve the sustainability targets for its Portfolio or its inability to meet other sustainable 
development and investment goals or Vesteda incorrectly applying its ESG framework may lead to participants 
reassessing their investment in the Fund and redeeming their participation rights or to the Fund being unable to attract 
certain financing (e.g. green bonds), in the financial markets. These events could have a material adverse effect on 
the Fund’s assets, financial condition and results of operations, and could eventually impair the ability of the Issuer 
and the Guarantor to meet their obligations arising from the Notes and the Guarantee, respectively, towards the 
Noteholders.
The age of the Portfolio may result in extra maintenance costs
The Properties owned by the Fund have an average age of approximately 28 years (age of the buildings as of 31 
December 2020 weighted by market value) which may lead to additional need for expensive maintenance and 
modernisation measures. The projected cost of such measures is based on the assumption that the required permits 
are issued promptly and in accordance with the Fund’s plans. It is possible, however, that the required permits for 
such measures will not always be issued promptly. If such permits are not issued promptly, or are issued only subject 
to conditions, substantial delays in addressing the concerns can occur and can result in costs exceeding those 
projected and reduce rental income for the relevant Properties. This could have material adverse effects on the Fund’s 
net assets, financial condition, cash flow, and results of operations, and could eventually impair the ability of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their obligations arising from the Notes and the Guarantee, respectively, towards 
the Noteholders.
C.
Business & Organisation Risks 
A decrease in quality of property management may impact the (un)realised result of the Fund
Pursuant to the Fund Terms and Conditions Vesteda lnvestment Management B.V. acts as the Fund Manager. The 
Fund Manager is inter alia responsible for day-to-day operations in relation to the Portfolio, which includes signing 
leases with tenants and maintaining the individual Properties. The net cash flow realised from the Properties may be 
affected by decisions made by the Fund Manager in light hereof, as costs for maintenance may be higher than 
budgeted or rental income may be lower than budgeted due to disappointing reletting rates. Approximately 6000 
units were managed by external property managers (this regards a portfolio that was acquired in 2018, external 
management of which was phased out over the course of 2019/2020). Whilst the Fund Manager, and the former 
external property managers are experienced in managing residential property, decisions regarding, for example, the 
sale of Properties, maintenance and sustainability investments in Properties, the acceptance of tenants, taken by them 
in past or in the future could adversely affect the value and/or cash flows of the Properties which could have material 
adverse effects on the Fund’s net assets, financial condition, cash flow, and results of operations, and could eventually 
impair the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their obligations arising from the Notes and the Guarantee, 
respectively, towards the Noteholders.
Competition can impact income and valuation
The Fund is one of the largest private residential funds in the Netherlands, acquiring, developing, managing, letting 
and selling residential properties currently located in the Netherlands. In the low-rent sector and medium-rent sector, 
the housing associations are the largest landlords in the Netherlands, having social and community mandates. 
However, the Properties fall predominantly in the medium to high-rent sector. The Fund’s market share in the 
medium to high-rent sector was approximately 3 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 (Source: CBS, Capital Value, 
2021). An increase in competition from other residential funds, family offices or private landlords in the field of, for 
example, rent prices and/or service levels could, for example, have an impact on vacancy levels and thus the rental

--- Page 14 ---
14
income available to the Fund and the value of its Properties, which could have a material adverse effect on the Fund’s 
business, net assets, financial condition, cash flow, and results of operations, and could eventually impair the ability 
of the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their obligations arising from the Notes and the Guarantee, respectively, 
towards the Noteholders. 
The quality of the Fund’s acquisitions may impact the (in)direct result of the Fund
The Fund may from time to time enter into turnkey purchase agreements combined with multi-party agreements and 
turnkey development and building agreements with third parties, possibly combined with a forward funding 
mechanism. No assurance can be given that the services under such agreements will be rendered in a timely manner 
or that their quality will comply with the Fund’s requirements. Moreover, certain contractors may experience 
operational or solvency issues and certain services may become unavailable to the Fund as a result. The risk of such 
insolvency similarly increases the risk of the Fund being unable to recover costs in relation to any future latent defects 
subject to repair covenants given by the Fund to tenants, to the extent that such costs are not otherwise covered by 
latent defect insurance. The Fund may also be required to provide forward funding to its contractual counterparties, 
giving rise to the risk associated with amounts being paid by the Fund before performance by the Fund’s 
counterparties is complete. The Fund seeks to mitigate the aforementioned risks by, amongst others, screening third 
parties in order to enter into such agreements only with reputable, solvent and well-managed third parties, requiring 
such third parties to provide security rights (including guarantees and warranties) in respect of their performance 
under the agreements for the benefit of the Fund and requiring completion and repair guarantees (afbouw- en 
herstelgarantie) from reputable third-party insurance providers (such as Woningborg N.V.), or having the land 
component on which property will be developed transferred to the Fund upon the provision of forward funding by 
the Fund. The Fund has also entered into a framework agreement with Vesteda Project Development B.V. to cover 
the Fund’s outstanding exposure in certain circumstances.
Nevertheless, and despite these mitigation strategies, any failures by such third parties may result in delays and 
additional expenses for the Fund which could have material adverse effects on the Fund’s net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow, and results of operations, and could eventually impair the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
to meet their obligations arising from the Notes and the Guarantee, respectively, towards the Noteholders. 
Furthermore, the Fund may not at all times be able to conduct a full due diligence on the properties, entities or 
companies in question. Accordingly, the Fund may not be in a position to examine whether the original owners of 
the properties, and/or the properties themselves, have obtained all required permits for new buildings, satisfied all 
permit conditions, received all necessary licenses and fire, health and safety certificates, or satisfied all comparable 
requirements. In addition, the properties may suffer from hidden defects, such as contamination, and may thus require 
significant modernisation investments. Accordingly, in the course of the acquisition of companies or residential and 
other property portfolios, specific risks may not be, or might not have been, recognised or evaluated correctly. Thus, 
legal and/or economic liabilities may be, or might have been, overlooked or misjudged. Although sellers typically 
make various warranties in purchase agreements that the Fund enters into in connection with such property 
acquisitions, it is possible that these warranties do not cover all risks or that they fail to cover such risks sufficiently. 
Additionally, a warranty made by a seller may be unenforceable and warranty claims may be unrecoverable due to 
the seller's insolvency or for other reasons.
The occurrence of any of these risks could have material adverse effects on the Fund’s business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow, and results of operations and could eventually impair the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
to meet their obligations arising from the Notes and the Guarantee, respectively, towards the Noteholders.
Partially owned properties may be more difficult to manage and could lead to future costs
As part of its business strategy, the Fund selectively sells individual residential units to owner occupants or small 
capital investors in single unit sales. In general, individual residential units can be sold at a premium compared to

--- Page 15 ---
15
bulk sales of residential properties and at prices exceeding their fair value (the Fair Value). In executing these sales, 
the Fund sells individual units but not necessarily all units within a building. 
Management of partially sold Properties may require greater administrative resources than the management of units 
in Properties that are entirely owned by the Fund. For example, owners of units in a residential property may decide 
on measures which concern the Property as a whole by majority vote at the unit owner's assembly. If the Fund sells 
only individual units in a Property it currently owns, it may lose its ability to control decision making and could be 
forced to comply with decisions passed by a majority of the owners of other units in the relevant Property with 
respect to property management, such as the performance of maintenance and modernisation, which could be 
economically impractical and might result in the incurrence of additional costs. Since the Fund would have to bear a 
proportionate share of these costs, this could adversely affect the Fund’s profitability, and could eventually impair 
the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their obligations arising from the Notes and the Guarantee, 
respectively, towards the Noteholders.
The Properties could be damaged or cause damage due to various circumstances, including fire, storms or a range 
of catestrophic events (such as earthquakes and floodings). Not all damages may be covered by the Fund’s insurance 
policies
A Property can be damaged or cause damage due to various circumstances, such as fire or storms. In addition, some 
of the Fund’s properties are located in areas with a risk of catastrophic events, such as earthquakes and flooding. The 
Portfolio is insured against losses due to fire and specified other risks. In addition, the Fund has a liability insurance. 
However, the applicable insurance policies are subject to exclusions and limitations of liability. Certain types of risks 
and losses (for example, losses resulting from terrorism) are normally not covered. Other types of risks and losses 
may become either uninsurable or not economically insurable or are not covered by the insurance policies. The Fund 
may, therefore, have limited or no coverage for losses that are excluded or that exceed the respective coverage 
limitations. 
In addition, the Fund’s insurance providers could become insolvent. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of 
the Fund’s insurance limits occur, the Fund could lose capital invested in the affected Property as well as anticipated 
income and capital appreciation from that Property. Moreover, the Fund may incur further costs to repair damage 
caused by uninsured risks. The Fund could also be held liable for any debt or other financial obligation related to 
such a Property. Thus, the Fund may experience material losses in excess of insurance proceeds, which could have 
a material adverse effect on the Fund’s business, net assets, financial condition, cash flow, and results of operations.
Faulty IT Systems could lead to disrupted business processes resulting in higher costs or losses
The Fund’s information technology systems are essential for its business operations and success, and hosting of these 
systems is, for a substantial part, outsourced to a third party. Any interruptions in, failures of, or damage to its 
information technology systems could lead to delays or interruptions in the Fund's business processes. Any 
malfunction or impairment of the Fund's computer systems could interrupt its operations, lead to increased costs, and 
may result in lost revenue. The Fund’s information technology systems may be vulnerable to computer viruses, 
malicious security breaches and cyber-attacks from unauthorised persons that could jeopardise the Fund’s 
confidential information (or that of its counterparts), which can potentially result in financial loss, harm to the Fund’s 
reputation and hinder its operational effectiveness. Any default, operational or solvency issues of the hosting 
contractor may result in delays and additional expenses for the Fund. On 2 June 2020, the Fund implemented a new 
Enterprise Resource Planning system (ERP system) that allows Vesteda to integrate various processes that were 
previously performed by separate departments, in one system. Despite a successful launch, over time, it may appear 
that the new ERP system is not functioning optimally and that it may suffer from interruptions and both can have a 
negative effect on the Fund’s business and reporting processes in terms of costs and/or losses, having material adverse

--- Page 16 ---
16
effects on the Fund’s business, and could eventually impair the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their 
obligations arising from the Notes and the Guarantee, respectively, towards the Noteholders. 
Pollution could result in unforeseen costs or losses
It is possible that the Properties the Fund owns or acquires may contain ground contamination, hazardous materials 
and/or other residual pollution. For example hidden environmentally detrimental materials such as asbestos may be 
found in Properties which creates the obligation to have such materials removed. The Fund bears the risk of cost-
intensive remediation and removal of the aforementioned hazardous materials, other residual pollution, wartime 
ordnance, or ground contamination. The Fund is also exposed to the risk that it may no longer be able to take recourse 
against the polluter or the previous owners of affected Properties. The existence or even suspected existence of 
hazardous materials, other residual pollution or ground contamination can negatively affect the value of a Property 
and the Fund’s ability to lease or sell such Property. All these factors could lead to the Fund incurring (in)direct costs 
or reputational damage that can adversely affect net income of the Fund, and could eventually impair the ability of 
the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their obligations arising from the Notes and the Guarantee, respectively, towards 
the Noteholders.
Property Sales could lead to disputes and claims
In connection with Property sales, the Fund usually makes representations, warranties and negative declarations of 
knowledge to the purchasers with respect to certain characteristics of the relevant Properties. The resulting 
obligations usually continue to exist after the sale, for a period of several years. In particular, the Fund could be 
subject to claims for damages from purchasers, who could assert that the Fund failed to meet its obligations, or that 
its representations were untrue. The Fund could be required to make payments to the purchasers following legal 
disputes or litigation. If the Fund has provided warranties to third parties in connection with maintenance and 
modernisation measures and claims are asserted against the Fund because of defects, it is not always certain that the 
Fund will have recourse against the companies that performed the work or that the Fund will have recourse for the 
full amount. This could have material adverse effects on the Fund’s net assets, financial condition, cash flow, and 
results of operations, and could eventually impair the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their obligations 
arising from the Notes and the Guarantee, respectively, towards the Noteholders.
D.
Financial Risks
Market conditions could hamper the Fund’s refinancing efforts 
The Fund may refinance maturing debt with other debt instruments. The Fund’s ability to repay existing financial 
obligations by taking on new debt or by extending existing debt could be limited, for example as a result of market 
conditions, its business condition or the level of debt of the Fund. Given the Fund’s dependence on its ability to 
access the financial markets for the refinancing of its debt liabilities, any worsening of the economic environment or 
the capital markets may reduce its ability to refinance its existing and future liabilities.
Due to lack of market or other circumstances refinancing of existing loans at competitive terms is more difficult, and 
therefore high interest rate charges may be incurred. Obtaining new financing may even prove to be impossible due 
to lack of market or other circumstances. This may cause inability to repay existing financing which may result in 
default situations. 
This could have a material adverse effect on the Fund’s business, net assets, financial condition, cash flow and results 
of operations, and could eventually impair the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their obligations arising 
from the Notes and the Guarantee, respectively, towards the Noteholders.

--- Page 17 ---
17
Increase of interest rates may result in higher costs and cash flow risks
The current economic environment is characterised by low interest rates. If the current low-interest rate environment 
is followed by one in which high rates prevail, the Fund's financing costs, including costs for hedging instruments, 
may increase substantially. In addition, fluctuations in interest rates can create cash flow risks. This is the case when 
refinancing of the existing borrowings cannot be arranged at competitive terms due to lack of market or other 
circumstances or, when interest charges cannot be hedged at competitive terms. Fluctuations in interest rates affect 
the value of hedging instruments, which affect the Fund’s equity, and, to a lesser extent, the Fund’s results of 
operations, and could eventually impair the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their obligations arising 
from the Notes and the Guarantee, respectively, towards the Noteholders.
A downgrade of the Fund’s Credit Rating could negatively impact the Fund’s ability to attract future funding
In 2014, the Fund changed its financing strategy to satisfy a significant portion of its future financing needs through 
the issuance of unsecured corporate bonds and by way of private placements. The Fund sought and obtained a 
corporate investment grade rating of "BBB" from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P). S&P's improved the 
rating with a stable outlook in April 2016 to “BBB+” In January 2019, S&P granted a short-term rating of A-2 to the 
Fund and this was re-confirmed in April 2021. In April 2021, S&P also raised its long-term issuer credit rating on 
the Fund to “A-”. 
If the Fund were to lose its investment grade rating, future issuances of Notes may become significantly more 
expensive or may not be possible in the targeted amounts. S&P's could downgrade the Fund if, for example, the 
Fund’s debt-to-debt plus equity ratio increases to 30% or more – due to, for example, a large debt-financed 
acquisition, or much higher renovation capex than anticipated combined with a return to negative revaluations in the 
Dutch residential market – or if the Fund were unable to render sufficient values of its assets unencumbered or if the 
residential real estate market in the Netherlands deteriorates.
If any of the risks described above were to materialise, it could have material adverse effects on the Fund’s business, 
net assets, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations and could eventually impair the ability of the Issuer 
and the Guarantor to meet their obligations arising from the Notes and the Guarantee, respectively, towards the 
Noteholders.
Default of counterparties may result in funding issues for the Fund
The Fund’s counterparties, including the banks where the Fund maintains accounts with credit amounts and in 
particular its hedging counterparties, may not be able to fulfil their obligations under the respective agreements due 
to a lack of liquidity, operational failure, bankruptcy or other reasons. Such an event could result in existing credit 
agreements being terminated and/or outstanding credit amounts to become due and payable which could have 
material adverse effects on the Fund’s business, net assets, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations 
and could eventually impair the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their obligations arising from the 
Notes and the Guarantee, respectively, towards the Noteholders. 
Breaching of covenants may result in termination of financing agreements 
The Fund’s lenders and Noteholders are entitled to terminate their financing agreements if the Fund breaches 
provisions under its respective financing agreements and is not in a position to cure such breaches. The loan 
agreements and Notes require, in particular, that the Fund complies with certain financial covenants, such as a 
maximum LTV-Ratio and minimum debt-service or interest cover ratios. A failure to comply with such financial 
covenants or other provisions of the financing agreements and the terms and conditions of Notes could have severe 
consequences, including but not limited to termination of the applicable financing agreements or instruments and 
other financing agreements or instruments as a result of cross-default provisions. This could have material adverse

--- Page 18 ---
18
effects on the Fund’s net assets, financial condition, cash flow, and results of operations and could eventually impair 
the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their obligations arising from the Notes and the Guarantee, 
respectively, towards the Noteholders.
E.
Legal and Regulatory Risks
The Issuer / Guarantor structure makes that the Issuer is dependent on the ability of the performance of the Fund 
and the ability of the Fund entities to meet their payment obligations
The Issuer is dependent on the basis set out below on the Guarantor and other entities of the Vesteda Residential 
Fund, an open-ended fund for the joint account of the participants (fonds voor gemene rekening) under Dutch law. 
The Issuer acts as financing company of the Fund and the principal activity of the Issuer is the provision of loans to 
entities of the Fund (including the Guarantor), which the Issuer finances with funds acquired from capital markets 
transactions and bank loans.
The assets of the Issuer mainly consist of receivables owed by entities within the Vesteda Group. The ongoing 
business activities of the Issuer therefor depend on the ability of the Guarantor and other companies of the Fund to 
fulfill their payment obligations vis-à-vis the Issuer or the obligation to assume losses. If individual or all entities of 
the Fund were unable to meet their payment obligations to the Issuer in due time, this could considerably impair the 
ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations arising from the Notes towards the Noteholders.
Regulation of the mid-rental segment can negatively affect the Fund’s (in)direct returns
The cost of living and insufficient supply of affordable homes is one of the main topics in the public and political 
debate in the Netherlands. Consequently, there is a great deal of public and political pressure to implement regulatory 
measures. Local authorities in the largest cities in the Netherlands (Amsterdam, Utrecht, Rotterdam, The Hague) 
have implemented measures for new-build projects in the last years. These measures include a maximum initial rental 
price, a minimum operating period, and a maximum annual rental price indexation. In addition, local authorities can 
make additional adjustments to housing regulations for new private rentals in the mid-segment through income 
requirements. In some cities tenants in the mid rental segment are required to have a housing permit, which is related 
to a maximum income. Potential regulations from municipalities to restrict the acquisition of houses by investors, 
may also impact Vesteda’s ability to acquire houses.
On top of these measures, the Dutch national government installed a rent freeze for the regulated segment and a 
maximum rent increase of CPI plus 1% for the liberalised segment per July 2021 which will be effective annually 
until 2024. Furthermore, the national government is looking at different complementary regulatory measures to 
improve the affordability of housing. At this stage, it is not sure if more measures will be applied, and if so, what 
these measures will look like and what their possible impact will be.
New measures may lead to higher administrative burdens, make it harder to find enough tenants because the target 
group capped by maximum income is smaller and negatively impact projected IRRs on Properties. Furthermore it 
does not stimulate additional housing being built to solve the issue of scarcity. This could have material adverse 
effects on the Fund’s net assets, financial condition, cash flow, and results of operations and could eventually impair 
the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their obligations arising from the Notes and the Guarantee, 
respectively, towards the Noteholders.
Sustainability regulation may impact Vesteda’s portfolio ambitions
Regulation related to sustainability, may impact the ability to construct new houses. Such regulation may relate to 
energy reduction or the reduction of carbon or nitrogen emissions. Such regulation may lead to increased cost to 
construct new houses, or to delay or even to cancellation of new projects. This may affect Vesteda’s ability to acquire

--- Page 19 ---
19
new houses and expand or re-new its Portfolio. Aforementioned regulation could adversely affect the results of 
operations and financial condition of the Fund, and could eventually impair the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
to meet their obligations arising from the Notes and the Guarantee, respectively, towards the Noteholders.
Failure to comply with applicable (financial) laws and regulations could lead to the Fund Manager’s AIFMD license 
being revoked
The Directive 2016/61/EU on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (AIFMD) entails harmonised requirements 
for entities engaged in the management and administration of alternative investment funds (AIF) addressed to 
professional investors in the EU. The Fund qualifies as an AIF and the Fund Manager obtained a license from the 
AFM (the AIFMD License) and qualifies as an Alternative Investment Fund Manager. In order to retain its AIFMD 
License, the Fund Manager has to comply with the requirements of the AIFMD and the Wft which range from, 
among others, capital requirements, risk and liquidity management, the appointment of a single depositary to rules 
regarding disclosure to investors and reporting to competent authorities. Failure to comply with all applicable laws 
and regulations could result in fines and ultimately in the AFM revoking the Fund Manager’s AIFMD License. In 
that case the Fund can (temporarily) not be managed, which could have material adverse effects on the Fund Manager 
and therefore negatively affect the Fund’s business, net assets, financial condition, cash flow, and results of 
operations, and could eventually impair the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations arising from the Notes towards 
the Noteholders.
Changes in/complying with legislation may lead to higher costs or lower (in)direct returns 
The Fund is subject to varying degrees of local, regional and national laws, regulations and codes, covering 
environmental (e.g. reduction of nitrogen pollution), safety, construction and maintenance standards and tenants' 
rights, and other laws, regulations and codes that affect the property market in particular and businesses in general. 
Any changes in any such laws or regulations may have an adverse effect on the value of the Properties or require the 
Fund to incur additional costs (for example in order to modernise a Property), may delay the construction of new 
Properties or adversely affect the management of its Properties. Furthermore, having to comply with legislation may 
lead to higher costs or lower (in)direct returns. This may in particular be the case with complying with environmental 
laws and regulations. For example, the Dutch government has prescribed that the total energy transition from natural 
gas to alternative energy sources should be completed by 2050. The Fund will explore and apply new innovations to 
improve sustainability on a limited scale to offer safe, comfortable and energy-efficient houses, but will only apply 
such innovations when they have demonstrated sufficient proof of added value. Large investments in the Portfolio 
will be based on proven concepts only. Although the Fund is therefore prudent in its investments, investment 
decisions may be based on false assumptions and innovations may, at a later stage, have less added value than initially 
assumed. This could result in additional costs and investments which could adversely affect the results of operations 
and financial condition of the Fund, and could eventually impair the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet 
their obligations arising from the Notes and the Guarantee, respectively, towards the Noteholders.
In addition, the Fund Terms and Conditions are governed by Dutch law as applicable at the relevant time. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible change to Dutch law or administrative practice in the 
Netherlands after the date of this Base Prospectus. Specifically, it is possible that a change in Dutch law or 
administrative practice may impact the management of the Fund under the Fund Terms and Conditions and lead to 
increased cost. Aforementioned changes could adversely affect the results of operations and financial condition of 
the Fund, and could eventually impair the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their obligations arising 
from the Notes and the Guarantee, respectively, towards the Noteholders.

--- Page 20 ---
20
The Guarantee will be subject to certain limitations on validity and enforcement and may be limited by applicable 
laws or subject to certain defences that may limit their validity and enforceability
The Guarantee given by the Guarantor provides Noteholders with a direct claim against the Guarantor in respect of 
the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. Enforcement of the Guarantee would be subject to certain generally available 
defences including those relating to corporate benefit, fraudulent conveyance or transfer, voidable preference, 
corporate purpose and capital maintenance and similar laws.
If a Dutch company grants a guarantee and that guarantee is not in the company’s corporate interest, the guarantee 
may be voidable pursuant to section 2:7 Dutch Civil Code (Burgerlijk Wetboek) if the beneficiary knew or should 
have known that the guarantee was not in the company’s corporate interest. In such case the guarantee could be 
voided by the Dutch company, its receiver and its administrator (bewindvoerder) and, as a consequence, would not 
be valid, binding and enforceable against it. In determining whether the granting of such guarantee is in the interest 
of the relevant company, the Dutch courts would consider the text of the objects clause in the articles of association 
of the company and whether the company derives certain commercial benefits from the transaction in respect of 
which the guarantee was granted. In addition, if it is determined that there are no, or insufficient, commercial benefits 
from the transaction for the company that grants the guarantee, then such company (and any bankruptcy receiver) 
may contest the enforcement of the guarantee and it is possible that such challenge would be successful. Such benefit 
may, according to Dutch case law, consist of indirect benefit derived by the company as a consequence of the 
interdependence of the company with the group of companies to which it belongs. In addition, it is relevant whether, 
as a consequence of the granting of the guarantee, the continuity of such company would be foreseeably endangered 
by the granting of such guarantee. It remains possible that even where strong financial and commercial 
interdependence exists, the transaction may be declared void if it appears that the granting of the guarantee cannot 
sufficiently serve the realisation of the relevant company’s objects.
A guarantee granted by a Dutch legal entity may, under certain circumstances, also be nullified by any of its creditors 
(or a receiver in its bankruptcy), if (i) the guarantee was granted without an obligation to do so (onverplicht), (ii) the 
creditor concerned was prejudiced as a consequence of the guarantee and (iii) at the time the guarantee was granted 
both the legal entity and, unless the guarantee was granted for no consideration (om niet), the beneficiary of the 
guarantee knew or should have known that one or more of the entities’ creditors (existing or future) would be 
prejudiced.
If a court were to find the Guarantee given by the Guarantor void, unenforceable or otherwise ineffective as a result 
of local laws or defences holders would cease to have any claim in respect of the Guarantor and would be creditors 
solely of the Issuer.
If the Fund would lose its tax transparency status, this would result in the Fund becoming liable to Dutch corporate 
income tax, increasing the costs of the Fund
The Fund qualifies as a transparent fund for joint account for Dutch corporate income tax (vennootschapsbelasting) 
and Dutch dividend withholding tax (dividendbelasting) purposes, provided all relevant parties act in accordance 
with the Fund Terms and Conditions.
The tax transparency of the Fund for Dutch corporate income tax and Dutch dividend withholding tax purposes has 
been confirmed by the Dutch tax authorities in private letter rulings.
If the Fund should lose its tax transparency, this would make the Fund liable to Dutch corporate income tax. The 
Dutch corporate income tax rate for 2021 is 15.0% for the first €245,000 of taxable income and 25% for taxable 
income exceeding €245,000. In addition, loss of tax transparency would make the Fund in principle liable to Dutch 
dividend withholding tax on distributions. The statutory Dutch dividend withholding tax rate in 2021 is 15%.

--- Page 21 ---
21
The Fund would, for example, lose its tax transparency if certain amendments were made to the Fund Terms and 
Conditions in relation to the alienation of participation rights or if the participants in the Fund would not act in line 
with the Fund Terms and Conditions in relation to the alienation of participation rights. This may result in an extra 
risk for the Guarantor which may affect its ability to repay certain intercompany loans granted by the Issuer to the 
Guarantor and hence the Issuer’s ability to repay the Notes.
In addition, the Dutch government published a consultation paper on 29 March 2021 proposing to change the current 
rules around the tax transparency of certain partnerships and funds for joint account. 
Currently, funds for joint account are transparent from a Dutch tax perspective if they meet either the requirement of 
unanimous consent or if, in short, the participations in the fund for joint account can only be repurchased by the 
funds for joint account and not be transferred otherwise. A fund for joint account is opaque from a Dutch tax 
perspective if it does not meet this criterion. It is proposed to abolish this requirement for funds for joint account. 
However, a fund for joint account can qualify as opaque if it meets the requirement that the fund for joint account 
issues participations to obtain funds for collective investments and that these participations can either be traded on a 
regulated market such as Euronext or NPEX, or that the fund for joint account is obliged to repurchase or repay the 
participations at regular intervals upon request of the participants. This must follow from the terms and conditions 
of a fund.
There has been a large number of substantive comments from the public (both law and advisory firms as well as 
public and private investment institutions) to the draft bill. Due to these comments it is expected that the draft bill 
will be amended, in particular in relation to the classification rules of funds for joint account and the grandfathering 
rule thereto. The new rules were initially expected to enter into force on 1 January 2022. However, mainly due to the 
number of comments, on 2 June 2021 the Dutch State Secretary for Finance announced that the (amended) draft bill 
is expected to be sent to Parliament only this winter and thus the timing of entry into force on 1 January 2022 will 
not be met.
A renegotiation of the Advance Pricing Agreement with the Dutch tax authorities for 2024 and onwards and may 
result in an increase of the (handling) fee for the services provided by the Issuer
The Issuer, acting as the financing company for the Fund, is a private limited liability company (besloten 
vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands. As such, the Issuer 
is deemed to carry out a business undertaking by law and is subject to Dutch corporate income tax on its worldwide 
income. 
It is agreed in an Advance Pricing Agreement concluded with the Dutch tax authorities that the net taxable income 
of the Issuer will consist of the (handling) fee earned by the Issuer for its intercompany financing activities minus 
tax deductible expenses allocable to the intercompany financing activities. In principle, the (handling) fee is 
calculated as a fixed percentage rate that is added to the interest rate on the outstanding loan amounts of the Issuer. 
In principle the Advance Pricing Agreement will remain in force until the end of December 2023. After this date, the 
(handling) fee for the services provided by the Issuer to the Fund should be renegotiated with the Dutch tax authorities 
and may increase. This may result in an additional risk for the Guarantor which may affect their ability to repay 
certain intercompany loans granted by the Issuer to each of the Guarantor and hence the Issuer's ability to repay the 
Notes.
If the VAT fiscal unity that the Issuer belongs to ceases to exist, the services provided by the Fund Manager become 
subject to value added tax, increasing the costs of the Fund
The Fund together with Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V., the Fund Manager and Vesteda Project Development B.V. 
are considered as one VAT entrepreneur (VAT fiscal unity, the VAT Fiscal Unity). The Dutch tax authorities

--- Page 22 ---
22
confirmed the existence of the VAT Fiscal Unity in a formal decision. To form a VAT fiscal unity, the entities must 
be sufficiently connected in an economic, financial and organisational manner. If this is not (or no longer) the case, 
the services provided by the Fund Manager to the Fund may become subject to Dutch value added tax as provided 
for in the Dutch Value Added Tax Act 1968 (Wet op de omzetbelasting 1968) and any other tax of a similar nature 
(VAT), unless exemptions are applicable. This may result in an additional risk for the Guarantor which may affect 
their ability to repay certain intercompany loans granted by the Issuer to each of the Guarantor and hence the Issuer's 
ability to repay the Notes.
All members of a VAT fiscal unity are jointly and severally liable for Dutch VAT due by any member of the fiscal 
unity. In its capacity of custodian for the Fund, the Guarantor is accountable for VAT liabilities of the VAT Fiscal 
Unity for which it can be held liable. 
See the section Vesteda Group and the Fund – Corporate Profile and Business for a description of the group structure 
of the Fund.

--- Page 23 ---
23
RISK FACTORS CONCERNING THE NOTES
A.
Risks related to the structure of an issuance of Notes
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned 
an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective 
return.
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer may 
elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which 
they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower 
rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, this may 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect the secondary 
market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to 
produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such 
circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be 
lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, 
the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and could affect the market value of an investment 
in the relevant Notes.
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to changes in market 
interest rates.
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to fluctuate 
more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for more conventional interest-bearing Notes. 
Furthermore, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared to more 
conventional interest-bearing Notes with comparable maturities. Such volatility could have a material adverse effect 
on the value of and return on any such Notes.
Regulation and reform of benchmarks, including EURIBOR and other interest rates and other types of benchmarks
Various benchmarks (including interest rate benchmarks such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR)) are 
the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks 
(including EURIBOR), the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the European 
Union. In particular, the EU Benchmarks Regulation will, among other things, (i) require benchmark administrators 
to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of benchmarks and (ii) prevent

--- Page 24 ---
24
certain uses by EU-supervised entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU-based, deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among 
other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the 
use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or 
registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).
The Calculation Agent, who will determine the fall-back rate in accordance with Condition 7(c) or Condition 7(d), 
may be considered an ‘administrator’ under the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, 
as applicable. For example, this is the case if it is considered to be in control over the provision of the Screen Rate 
Determination and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of the Screen Rate Determination and any 
adjustments made thereto by the Calculation Agent and/or otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in 
the context of a fall-back scenario. This would mean that the Calculation Agent has control over the (i) administration 
of the arrangements for determining such rate, (ii) collection, analysis or processes of input data for the purposes of 
determining such rate and (iii) determination of such rate through the application of a method of calculation or by an 
assessment of input data for that purpose. Furthermore, for the Calculation Agent to be considered an ‘administrator’ 
under the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, the Screen Rate 
Determination and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of the Screen Rate Determination and any 
adjustments made thereto by the Calculation Agent and/or otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in 
the context of a fall-back scenario may be a benchmark (index) within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. This may be the case if the Screen Rate Determination and/or 
the determined rate of interest on the basis of the Screen Rate Determination and any adjustments made thereto by 
the Calculation Agent and/or otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context of a fall-back 
scenario, is published or made available to the public and regularly determined by the application of a method of 
calculation or by an assessment, and on the basis of certain values or surveys.
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation stipulate that each administrator of a 
benchmark regulated thereunder or the benchmark itself must be registered, authorised, recognised or endorsed, as 
applicable, in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. 
There is a risk that administrators (which may include the Calculation Agent in the circumstances as described above) 
of certain benchmarks will fail to obtain such registration, authorisation, recognition or endorsement, preventing 
them from continuing to provide such benchmarks, or may otherwise choose to discontinue or no longer provide 
such benchmark. As a result, a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when EURIBOR, or 
any other interest rate benchmark was available, may apply to the Notes until the time that registration, authorised 
registration or endorsement of the relevant administrator has been completed or as substitute or successor rate for the 
relevant Reference Rate is available.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact 
on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or terms of the benchmark are 
changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or 
otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark.
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to

--- Page 25 ---
25
reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area 
financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on 
EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates.
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above 
changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, 
or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR or any other benchmark were (permanently) discontinued or otherwise 
unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which reference EURIBOR or any other benchmark will be determined for 
the relevant period by the fall back provisions set out in Condition 7(c) or Condition 7(d), depending on the manner 
in which the relevant benchmark rate is to be determined under the Conditions of the Notes as completed by the Final 
Terms. This could result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous 
period when EURIBOR or any other benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect 
on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Notes which reference EURIBOR or any other interest 
rate benchmark rate.
Pursuant to the applicable fall-back provisions contained in Condition 7(c) or Condition 7(d), the Calculation Agent 
will determine the Rate of Interest, which may lead to a conflict of interests of the Issuer (being responsible for the 
compensation of the Calculation Agent), the Calculation Agent and Noteholders including with respect to certain 
determinations and judgments that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to Condition 7 that may influence the 
amount receivable under the Notes. The Calculation Agent and the Issuer might have conflicts of interests that could 
have an adverse effect on the interests of the Noteholders as the Calculation Agent has discretionary power in 
deciding the Rate of Interest in accordance with the fall-back provisions. Potential investors should be aware that the 
Issuer may be involved in general business relationship or/and in specific transactions with the Calculation Agent as 
the latter party may hold from time to time debt securities, shares or/and other financial instruments of the Issuer. 
Consequently, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent might have conflicts of interests that could have an adverse effect 
to the interests of the Noteholders in respect of the determination of the interest rate as a result of a benchmark and/or 
replacement of amendment of a benchmark.
Finally, any significant change to the setting or existence of EURIBOR or any other relevant benchmark could affect 
the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes.
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and may be 
adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued.
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus 
one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded in 
amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum 
Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to 
sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result 
of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account 
with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding 
(should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the 
minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.

--- Page 26 ---
26
Therefore, if such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult 
to trade.
Notes issued as Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets. 
Any failure to use the net proceeds of any Series of Green Bonds in connection with green projects, and/or any failure 
to meet, or to continue to meet, the investment requirements of certain environmentally focused investors with respect 
to such Green Bonds may affect the value and/or trading price of the Green Bonds, and/or may have consequences 
for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets.
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme where the use of an amount equivalent to the net proceeds is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms to be for the financing and/or refinancing of projects and activities that promote 
climate and other environmental purposes, in accordance with certain prescribed eligibility criteria as in such case 
shall be set out in item 4 of Part B ('Reasons for the offer') of the relevant Final Terms (any Notes which have such 
a specified use of proceeds are referred to as Green Bonds). 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply 
the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and activities that promote climate-friendly and 
other environmental purposes (Eligible Assets) (any Notes which have such a specified use of proceeds are referred 
to as Green Bonds). Prospective investors should determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the 
purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In 
particular no assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Assets will 
satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any 
present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any 
projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Assets. 
The Issuer has requested a sustainability rating agency or sustainability consulting firm to issue an independent 
opinion (each a Second Party Opinion) confirming that the Vesteda Green Finance Framework as published at the 
date of this Base Prospectus is in compliance with the Green Bond Principles, as published by the International 
Capital Market Association (which serves as the secretariat to the Green Bond Principles) (the Green Bond 
Principles) or the Green Loan Principles, as published by the Loan Market Association (the Green Loan 
Principles). Vesteda aims to align its Green Finance Framework as much as possible with the proposed EU Green 
Bond Standard (July, 2021) and the definitions for sustainable economic activities included in the EUR Taxonomy 
Climate Delegated Act (June, 2021). Vesteda intends to commission a sustainability rating agency or sustainability 
consulting firm, to provide a Second Party Opinion for any Vesteda Green Finance Framework that applies after the 
date of this Base Prospectus. The Green Bond Principles (2021) and Green Loan Principles (2021) are a set of 
voluntary guidelines that recommend transparency and disclosure and promote integrity in the development of the 
green bond market. While the Green Bond Principles (2021) and the Green Loan Principles (2021) do provide a high 
level framework, there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market 
consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise 
attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green" or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label 
nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. Accordingly, no 
assurance is or can be given to potential investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible 
Assets will meet any or all investor expectations or requirements regarding such “green”, “sustainable” or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Taxonomy Regulation)) or that any adverse environmental, 
social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related 
to, any Eligible Assets.

--- Page 27 ---
27
Although applicable green projects and activities are expected to be selected in accordance with the categories 
recognised by the Green Bond Principles (2021) and Green Loan Principles (2021), and are expected to be developed 
in accordance with applicable legislation and standards, no assurance or representation is given as to the suitability 
or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited 
by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any 
Eligible Assets to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, 
any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, 
the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only current 
as of the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of 
any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.
Further, although the Issuer may agree at the issue date of any Green Bonds to certain allocation and/or impact 
reporting and to use the proceeds for the financing and/or refinancing of green projects and activities (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) and intends to comply with such agreements, it would not be an event of default under the 
Green Bonds if (i) the Issuer were to fail to comply with such obligations or were to fail to use the proceeds in the 
manner specified in the relevant Final Terms and/or (ii) the Second Party Opinion were to be withdrawn. 
Furthermore, any such event or failure by the Issuer or withdrawal of the Second Party Opinion will not lead to an 
obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Green Bonds or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or 
not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Green Bonds.
Any failure to use the net proceeds of any Series of Green Bonds in connection with green projects and activities, 
and/or any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, the investment requirements of certain environmentally focused 
investors with respect to such Green Bonds may affect the value and/or trading price of the Green Bonds, and/or may 
have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets which may cause one or 
more of such investors to dispose of the Green Bonds held by them which may affect the value, trading price and/or 
liquidity of the relevant Series of Green Bonds.
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, 
“sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not 
regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or 
admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards 
any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by 
any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact 
of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Assets. Furthermore, it should be noted that the 
criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to 
another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or any other person that any such listing 
or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission 
to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Eligible Assets in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus, there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) 
or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Assets will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in 
such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or 
partially disbursed for such Eligible Assets. Neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor the Dealers make any representation 
as to the suitability for any purpose of any Second Party Opinion or whether any Green Bonds fulfil the relevant 
environmental criteria. Prospective investors should have regard to the eligible green bond projects or activities and

--- Page 28 ---
28
eligibility criteria described in the relevant Final Terms. Each potential purchaser of any Series of Green Bonds 
should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and in the relevant 
Final Terms regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase of any Green Bonds should be based upon such 
investigation as it deems necessary. No Dealer shall be responsible for monitoring the use of proceeds of any Notes. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Assets as aforesaid and/or 
withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not 
complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on 
and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as 
aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other 
Notes which are intended to finance Eligible Assets and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.
B.
Risks related to all Notes 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all 
investors. 
The Conditions contain provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference call or by use of a 
videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of 
any provision of the Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and the Guarantor (acting together) and shall be convened by them 
upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more 
Persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at 
any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the 
Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or representing not less than 
three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not.
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being are entitled to 
receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution 
in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of 
one or more Noteholders.
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and 
vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.
The value and return of the Notes could be materially adversely impacted by a change in Dutch law or administrative 
practice and the jurisdiction of the courts of the Netherlands
The structure of the issue of the Notes and the ratings which may be assigned to them are based on Dutch and 
European law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any 
possible change to the laws of the Netherlands, the official application, interpretation or administrative practices in 
the Netherlands after the date of this Base Prospectus. Such changes in laws may include amendments to a variety 
of tools which may affect the rights of holders of securities issued by the Issuer, including the Notes. Any such 
change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it.

--- Page 29 ---
29
Prospective investors should note that the courts of the Netherlands shall have jurisdiction in respect of any disputes 
involving any series of Notes. Noteholders may take any suit, action or proceedings arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes against the Issuer in any court of competent jurisdiction. The laws of the Netherlands may be 
materially different from the equivalent law in the home jurisdiction of prospective investors in its application to the 
Notes and the application of the laws of the Netherlands may therefore lead to a different interpretation of, amongst 
others, the conditions of the Notes than the investor may expect if the equivalent law of their home jurisdiction were 
applied. This may lead to the Notes not having certain characteristics as the investor may have expected and may 
impact the return on the Notes.
No gross-up
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any withholding taxes 
imposed by the Netherlands (or any political subdivision or any authority in the Netherlands having power to tax). 
In the event that any such withholding or deduction is required by law, the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor 
will pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted, however, in certain circumstances set out in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor will not pay any additional amounts to 
the holders of the Notes.
C.
Risks related to the market 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which investors could sell their Notes
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, 
it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them 
with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. In addition, where no key 
information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation for making the Notes available to retail investors in the 
EEA is prepared, the liquidity of the Notes may be limited. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or 
have been prepared to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. Therefore, investors may not be able to 
sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed trading market.
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In addition, the imposition of exchange 
controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency (as defined in “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes”). This presents risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. 
These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency 
equivalent market value of the Notes.

--- Page 30 ---
30
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal.
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate 
paid on the Fixed Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes, as an equivalent investment 
issued at the current market interest rate may be more attractive to investors.
The Notes are subject to market risks related to credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes and credit ratings 
are not conclusive for all the risks associated with an investment in those Notes
The value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness and the credit rating of the Issuer, the credit rating 
of the Notes and a number of additional factors, such as market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the 
maturity date and more generally all economic, financial and political events in any country, including factors 
affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded.
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Notes. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country non-
EEA rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list of registered and certified rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there 
may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication 
of the updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK regulated 
investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating 
agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued 
by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is 
subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having 
been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third 
country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory 
purposes in the UK, of existing pre- 2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied.
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the 
EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value 
of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies 
and ratings is set out in "Overview of the Programme" above.

--- Page 31 ---
31
Any of the factors indicated above could adversely impact the trading price of the Notes. The price at which a 
Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the 
issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser.

--- Page 32 ---
32
IMPORTANT NOTICE
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation in 
relation to the Issuer and the Guarantor and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and affiliates taken as a whole (Vesteda) and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the Notes, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets 
and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AFM as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The 
AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor that are the subject of this Base Prospectus or of the quality of the securities that are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Notes.
The Issuer and the Guarantor (the Responsible Persons) accept responsibility for the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer and the Guarantor the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with 
the facts and makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any member state (Member State) 
of the European Economic Area (the EEA) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation 
from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to 
make an offer in that Member State of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation 
to such offer, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of 
Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a 
prospectus for such offer.
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such 
documents are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. Other than in relation to the documents which 
are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the 
websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised 
or approved by the AFM.
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (as defined in “Overview of the Programme”). Neither the delivery of 
this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof 
or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there 
has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or 
the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.

--- Page 33 ---
33
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The 
Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act) and include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to 
certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the benefit 
of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S)). For a description of 
certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription 
and Sale”.
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accept any responsibility for the 
contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger 
or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the issue and offering of the Notes. 
The Arranger and each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract 
or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or 
any such statement. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide 
the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the 
Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements 
should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such 
investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as supplemented from time to time nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the 
Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger.
Certain alternative performance measures (as defined in the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance 
Measures) (Alternative Performance Measures or APMs) are included in this Base Prospectus. See “Glossary” 
below for more information. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising 
manager(s) (the Stabilising Manager(s)) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the 
relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price 
of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure 
of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it 
must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.
All references in this Base Prospectus to “euro”, “EUR” and “€” refer to the lawful currency introduced at 
the start of the third stage of the European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing 
the European Community as amended by the Treaty on European Union, those to “U.S. dollars”, “dollar”, 
“U.S.$”, “$” and “USD” refer to the lawful currency of the United States of America, and those to “Sterling”, 
“£” and “GBP” refer to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom.

--- Page 34 ---
34
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is 
a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA  RETAIL INVESTORS
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the Directive 2016/97/EU (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.   
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product 
Governance / Target Market" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made at the time of each issue whether, for the purposes of the MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 (the MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not subject to the MiFID 
II Product Governance Rules and will not make or be responsible for any target market assessment. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET

--- Page 35 ---
35
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:
(i)
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement or Final Terms;
(ii)
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its overall 
investment portfolio;
(iii)
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant Notes, 
including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal 
or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency;
(iv)
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and
(v)
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone 
investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an 
understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest 
in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) 
to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and 
the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio.
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) 
Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or 
the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or 
similar rules.

--- Page 36 ---
36
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on Euronext Amsterdam, shall constitute 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
The Issuer and the Guarantor have given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the 
Programme there arises or is noted a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes and whose 
inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor, and/or the rights attaching to the Notes and/or the Guarantee, the Issuer shall prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto 
as such Dealer may reasonably request.
If the terms of this Programme are modified or amended in a manner which would make this Base Prospectus 
inaccurate or misleading, a new prospectus will be prepared. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in 
the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 37 ---
37
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The following documents listed below, which have previously been published and filed with the AFM, shall be 
incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus and are correct as of their date: 
(a)
the articles of association (statuten) of the Issuer and the Guarantor, including the translations thereof 
which can be obtained from https://www.vesteda.com/media/3765/20120718-vfbv-doi-searchable.pdf  
and https://www.vesteda.com/media/3764/20190425-cvfi-aoa-searchable.pdf; 
(b)
the independent auditor’s reports and audited non-consolidated annual financial statements for the 
financial year ended 2019 and 2020 of the Issuer which can be obtained from  
https://www.vesteda.com/media/3645/jaarrekening-2019-vesteda-finance-bv.pdf 
and 
https://www.vesteda.com/media/3892/jaarrekening-2020-vesteda-finance-bv-soto.pdf;
(c)
the independent auditor’s reports and audited non-consolidated annual financial statements for the 
financial year ended 2019 and 2020; of the Guarantor which can be obtained from   
https://www.vesteda.com/media/3646/jaarrekening-2019-cvf-i-bv.pdf 
and 
https://www.vesteda.com/media/3912/jaarrekening-2020-cvf-i-bv-juridisch-final.pdf; 
(d)
the independent auditor’s reports and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial 
year ended 2019 and 2020 of the Fund, set out at respectively pages 84 to and including 130 of the 
Fund’s 2019 annual report (the 2019 Fund Annual Accounts) and pages 86 to and including 137 of 
the Fund's 2020 annual report (the 2020 Fund Annual Accounts) which can be obtained from  
https://vestedareport.com/FbContent.ashx/pub_1000/downloads/v210406141353/2019-Vesteda-
Annual-Report.pdf 
and 
https://vestedareport.com/FbContent.ashx/pub_1000/downloads/v210406141353/2020-Vesteda-
Annual-Report.pdf; 
(e)
The 
unaudited 
half-year 
report 
2021 
of 
the 
Fund 
which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from 
https://www.vesteda.com/media/3913/2021-vesteda-half-year-report.pdf; and
(f)
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in previous prospectuses dated 5 July 2017, pages 
34 to 59 (inclusive) which can be obtained from https://www.vesteda.com/media/3746/vesteda-emtn-
prospectus-2017.pdf; dated 20 June 2018, pages 39 to 63 (inclusive) which can be obtained from 
https://www.vesteda.com/media/3424/vesteda-emtn-prospectus-2018.pdf; dated 7 May 2019, pages 
40 to 68 which can be obtained from https://www.vesteda.com/media/3425/vesteda-emtn-prospectus-
2019.pdf; and dated 30 June 2020, pages 38 to 66 which can be obtained from 
https://www.vesteda.com/media/3789/vesteda-emtn-prospectus-2020.pdf, prepared in connection 
with the Programme.
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein 
(which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed 
not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.
Any statements on the Issuer's competitive position included in this Base Prospectus (including in a document which 
is incorporated by reference herein) and where no external source is identified are based on the Issuer's internal 
assessment of generally available information. The Issuer will, in connection with the listing of the Notes on Euronext 
Amsterdam, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to

--- Page 38 ---
38
this Base Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes to be 
listed on Euronext Amsterdam.
This Base Prospectus and any supplement will only be valid for listing Notes on Euronext Amsterdam or any other 
exchange during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 39 ---
39
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the 
relevant Final Terms, will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to 
the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while 
in Global Form below.
1.
Introduction
(a)
Programme: Vesteda Finance B.V. (the Issuer) has established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the 
Programme) for the issuance of up to €2,500,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes (the Notes) 
guaranteed by Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V. (the Guarantor and the expression "Guarantor" shall include 
each additional person who becomes a Guarantor pursuant to the Deed of Guarantee (as defined below)).
(b)
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a Series) and each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches (each a Tranche) of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a final terms (the 
Final Terms) which supplements these terms and conditions (the Conditions). The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or 
replaced by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail.
(c)
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement dated 1 October 
2021 (the Agency Agreement) between the Issuer, the Guarantor, BNP Paribas Securities Services, 
Luxembourg branch. as fiscal agent (the Fiscal Agent), which expression includes any successor fiscal agent 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the paying agents named therein (together 
with the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression includes any successor or additional paying 
agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes).
(d)
Deed of Guarantee: The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated deed of guarantee originally dated 
3 July 2014 as most recently amended and restated on 1 October 2021 (the Deed of Guarantee) entered into 
or acceded to, as the case may be, by the Guarantor. 
(e)
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are the subject 
of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing at the registered 
office of the Issuer at De Boelelaan 759, 1082 RS Amsterdam, the Netherlands and www.vesteda.com and 
copies may be obtained from the registered office of the Issuer at De Boelelaan 759, 1082 RS Amsterdam, 
the Netherlands.
(f)
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and the Deed 
of Guarantee and are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the Noteholders) and 
the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the Couponholders and the Coupons, respectively) are 
bound by, and are entitled to the benefit of, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement and the Deed of Guarantee applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed 
of Guarantee are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified 
Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below.
2.
Definitions and Interpretation
(a)
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings:

--- Page 40 ---
40
Accrual Yield has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
Additional Business Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
Additional Financial Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
Business Day means:
(a)
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) Additional Business 
Centre; and
(b)
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in Amsterdam, in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre;
Business Day Convention, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different 
dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:
(a)
Following Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day;
(b)
Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day Convention means 
that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day unless that 
day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a 
Business Day;
(c)
Preceding Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to the 
first preceding day that is a Business Day;
(d)
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention means that each relevant 
date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar 
month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period 
after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that:
(i)
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such 
date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that 
calendar month;
(ii)
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date 
will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; 
and
(iii)
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day 
in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month in 
which the preceding such date occurred; and

--- Page 41 ---
41
(e)
No Adjustment means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any Business 
Day Convention; 
Calculation Agent means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
Coupon Sheet means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note;
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
Calculation Period), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final 
Terms and:
(a)
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is so specified, means:
(i)
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which it 
falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and
(ii)
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of:
(A)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and
(B)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year;
(iii)
if Actual/365 or Actual/Actual (ISDA) is so specified, means the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls 
in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);
(iv)
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365;
(v)
if Actual/360 is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360;
(vi)
if 30/360 is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x






--- Page 42 ---
42
where:
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii)
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





where:
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
and
(viii)
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
360
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
)
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





where:
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 43 ---
43
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30,
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period;
Dutch Civil Code means the Dutch Civil Code (Burgerlijk Wetboek);
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms;
Early Termination Amount means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount as 
may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms;
EURIBOR means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate benchmark 
known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a designated distributor 
(currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the European 
Banking Federation based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and 
maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of 
historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor);
Extraordinary Resolution has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount as 
may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms;
First Interest Payment Date means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms;
Fixed Coupon Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Fund Entity means the manager of the Fund, any Custodian and any other person holding (directly or 
indirectly) assets and/or liabilities on behalf of the Fund;
Guarantee means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person to pay 
such Indebtedness including (without limitation):
(a)
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness;

--- Page 44 ---
44
(b)
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness;
(c)
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and
(d)
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
Guarantee of the Notes means the guarantee of the Notes given by the Guarantor in the Deed of Guarantee;
Indebtedness means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including (without 
limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a)
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility;
(b)
amounts raised under any note purchase facility;
(c)
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in accordance 
with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as a balance sheet 
liability (other than any liability in respect of a lease or hire purchase contract which would, in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in force prior to 1 January 2019 have 
been treated as an operating lease); and
(d)
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
Interest Amount means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period;
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be specified as 
the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms;
Interest Determination Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
Interest Payment Date means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified as such 
in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day 
Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms:
(a)
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or
(b)
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case);
Interest Period means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or any 
Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 45 ---
45
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of issue of the 
first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) or the 2021 ISDA Definitions (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA);
Issue Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
Margin has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
Maturity Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Maximum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
Minimum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms;
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms;
Optional Redemption Date (Call) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
Participating Member State means a Member State of the European Communities which adopts the euro 
as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty;
Payment Business Day means:
(a)
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is:
(i)
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and
(ii)
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; or
(b)
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is:
(i)
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and
(ii)
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment 
and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre;
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality;

--- Page 46 ---
46
Principal Financial Centre means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that:
(a)
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) 
by the Calculation Agent; and
(b)
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in the 
case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent;
Put Option Notice means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting 
to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder;
Put Option Receipt means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit of 
a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option 
of the Noteholder;
Rate of Interest means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect 
of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms;
Redemption Amount means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount 
(Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early 
Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms;
Reference Banks has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks selected 
by the Calculation Agent in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
Reference Price has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
Reference Rate means EURIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency and 
period specified in the relevant Final Terms or another rate as specified in the Final Terms;
Regular Period means:
(a)
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first Interest 
Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date to but 
excluding the next Interest Payment Date;
(b)
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only 
by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year 
to but excluding the next Regular Date, where Regular Date means the day and month (but not the 
year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and
(c)
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, interest 
is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a 
Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where Regular Date means

--- Page 47 ---
47
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest 
Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period;
Relevant Date means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the payment 
in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on 
which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
Relevant Financial Centre has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
Relevant Financial Covenant Test Date means each day which is (i) the last day of each financial year of 
the Issuer and (ii) the last day of the first half of each financial year of the Issuer;
Relevant Indebtedness means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, note, 
debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of being, listed, 
quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any over-
the-counter market); 
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information service (including, 
without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other 
page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, 
in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there 
for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate;
Relevant Time has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
Reserved Matter means any proposal (a) to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes 
or to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes on redemption or 
maturity or the date for any such payment; (b) to effect the exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or the 
conversion of the Notes into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
or any other person or body corporate formed or to be formed; (c) to change the currency in which amounts 
due in respect of the Notes are payable; (d) to modify any provision of the Guarantee of the Notes; (e) to 
change the quorum required at any Meeting or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(f) to amend this definition;
Security means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any 
person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect;
Specified Currency has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
Specified Denomination(s) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Specified Office has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement;
Specified Period has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
StAK means Stichting Administratiekantoor Vesteda, a foundation established under the laws of the 
Netherlands;

--- Page 48 ---
48
Subsidiary means (i) in relation to any person incorporated in the Netherlands, a company which is a 
subsidiary of that person within the meaning of Article 2:24a Dutch Civil Code and (ii) in relation to any 
person incorporated outside the Netherlands, an entity of which a person has direct or indirect control or 
owns directly or indirectly more than 50 per cent. of the voting capital or similar right of ownership and 
control for this purpose means the power to direct the management and the policies of the entity whether 
through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise: 
Talon means a talon for further Coupons;
TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment 
system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007;
TARGET Settlement Day means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments in 
euro;
Treaty means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended; 
Vesteda Group means the Fund, Stichting DRF I, any Fund Entity, Stichting Administratiekantoor Vesteda, 
the Issuer, Vesteda Investment Management B.V., Vesteda Project Development B.V., Vesteda Services 
B.V., the Guarantor and their Subsidiaries for the time being; and
Zero Coupon Note means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
(b)
Interpretation: In these Conditions:
(i)
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not applicable;
(ii)
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of issue, 
references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons;
(iii)
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Talons are not applicable;
(iv)
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation), any premium 
payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
these Conditions;
(v)
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of interest 
payable pursuant to these Conditions;
(vi)
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; 
(vii)
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, 
but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression is "not 
applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; and

--- Page 49 ---
49
(viii)
any reference to the Agency Agreement or the Deed of Guarantee shall be construed as a reference 
to the Agency Agreement or the Deed of Guarantee, as the case may be, as amended and/or 
supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes.
3.
Form, Denomination and Title
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Notes with more than one 
Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. Title to the Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. The holder of 
any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest 
therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable 
for so treating such holder. The minimum denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes).
4.
Status and Guarantee
(a)
Status of the Notes: The Notes constitute direct, general, unsubordinated and unconditional obligations of 
the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other 
present and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by 
provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application.
(b)
Guarantee of the Notes: The Guarantor has in the Deed of Guarantee unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed the due and punctual payment of all sums from time to time payable by the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes. The rights under the Deed of Guarantee (i) form an integral part of the Notes, (ii) are of interest 
to a Noteholder only if, to the extent that, and for as long as, it holds a Note and (iii) can only be transferred 
together with all other rights under the relevant Note.
(c)
Status of the Guarantee: The Guarantee of the Notes constitutes direct, general, unsubordinated and 
unconditional obligations of the Guarantor which will at all times rank at least pari passu with all other 
present and future unsecured obligations of the Guarantor, save for such obligations as may be preferred by 
provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
5.
Covenants
(a)
Negative Pledge: So long as any Note remains outstanding, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall, and 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall procure that none of their respective Subsidiaries will, create or permit to 
subsist any Security upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues 
(including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness 
without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes equally and rateably therewith or (b) 
providing such other security for the Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
Noteholders. 
(b)
Financial Covenants: So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall ensure that at any time:
(i)
the ratio of the EBITDA to Total Interest shall not be less than 1.8:1;  and
(ii)
the Loan to Value Ratio shall not exceed 50 per cent.

--- Page 50 ---
50
(c)
Encumbrance of Vesteda Group Assets: For so long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall ensure 
that the Encumbered Assets Ratio shall not exceed 30 per cent.
(d)
Definitions
In this Condition 5 (Covenants) the following expressions have the following meanings:
Book Value means the book value of the Properties determined in accordance with the Vesteda Accounting 
Principles;
Custodian means the custodian (bewaarder) of the Fund, as at the date hereof, Custodian Vesteda Fund I 
B.V.;
EBITDA means, for any Relevant Period, the consolidated earnings of the Vesteda Group before the 
deduction of Interest Charges and corporation tax on the overall income of the Vesteda Group payable in 
respect of the financial period to which the relevant profit and loss accounts relate, after adding back any of 
those items listed at (a) to (c) (inclusive) below and after making the required adjustments to exclude items 
referred to at (d) to (f) (inclusive) below:
(a)
any amount attributable to amortisation of goodwill, or other intangible assets and any deduction 
for depreciation;
(b)
the amortisation or the writing off of costs associated with any Notes issued under this Programme 
(including costs written off as a result of the prepayment of existing indebtedness and the financing 
costs associated therewith);
(c)
fair value adjustments and other non-cash provisions;
(d)
any losses or gains arising from the sale of any Property;
(e)
items treated as extraordinary income/charges under the Vesteda Accounting Principles; and
(f)
any amount attributable to the writing up or writing down of any assets of the Vesteda Group after 
31 December 2016; 
Encumbered Assets means the aggregate Book Value of the Total Assets of the Vesteda Group that are 
subject to any security determined in accordance with the Vesteda Accounting Principles;
Encumbered Assets Ratio means the ratio of (i) the Encumbered Assets to (ii) the aggregate sum of the 
Total Assets of the Vesteda Group;
Fund means Vesteda Residential Fund, a fund for the joint account of the participants (fonds voor gemene 
rekening);
GAAP means the generally accepted accounting principles in the Netherlands, including IFRS;
Interest Charges means any interest (including the interest element of any payment made under finance 
leases or hire purchase agreements, but excluding amortisation of financing costs and excluding interest 
related to land lease (erfpacht) liabilities), commission, fees, discounts and other finance charges payable, 
less any interest earned by the Vesteda Group (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest earned

--- Page 51 ---
51
but not received on loans made by a member of the Vesteda Group to any entity which is not a member of 
the Vesteda Group during such period);
Loan to Value Ratio means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the total amount of, without double counting, 
(i) any debt owed by the Vesteda Group and (ii) any guarantees and indemnities granted or joint and several 
liabilities assumed by the Vesteda Group, in each case, at the end of such Relevant Period (including any 
amounts, guarantees or indemnities outstanding under or in respect of any Notes issued by the Issuer, but 
excluding any lease liabilities related to land lease (erfpacht) liabilities) divided by the then current Book 
Value of the Properties;
Properties means all the land and buildings owned by any member of the Vesteda Group from time to time;
Relevant Period means each period of twelve months ending on the last day of the Vesteda Group's financial 
quarter;
Total Assets means the total assets of a certain person as defined and used in the financial statements of 
such person and, if such term is no longer used as a defined term in the financial statements, the term which 
succeeds the term total assets;
Total Interest means the Interest Charges in respect of any Relevant Period and in respect of the Vesteda 
Group on a combined basis;
Vesteda Accounting Principles means the accounting principles, standards, conventions and practices, 
from time to time and at any time generally accepted in the Netherlands, and which implement the 
requirements of Dutch Civil Code, GAAP and of any other legislation or regulation, compliance with which 
is required by law in connection with the preparation of accounts of the Fund, or compliance with which is 
generally adopted and practised by companies such as the Fund in the Netherlands in effect from time to 
time and consistently applied by the Fund.
Any reference in this Condition 5 to "earnings", taxes", "asset", "cost", "provision", "loss", "gain", "interest", 
"commission", "fees", "discounts", "finance charges" and "debt" shall be deemed to include any "earnings", 
taxes", "asset", "cost", "provision", "loss", "gain", "interest", "commission", "fees", "discounts", "finance 
charges" and "debt" for the account of the Fund to the extent relating to the assets from to time held by any 
member of the Vesteda Group.
6.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
(a)
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.
(b)
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note 
will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of 
the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it 
has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is 
any subsequent default in payment).

--- Page 52 ---
52
(c)
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall 
be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall 
be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination.
(d)
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for 
which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by 
the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a sub-unit means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the 
case of euro, means one cent.
7.
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a)
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.
(b)
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note 
will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of 
the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 7 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it 
has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is 
any subsequent default in payment).
(c)
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis:
(i)
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date;
(ii)
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date;
(iii)
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer 
than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable:
(A)
the Issuer will request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time; and

--- Page 53 ---
53
(B)
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and
(iv)
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will determine 
the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans 
in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest 
Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time,
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case 
may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is 
(permanently) unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the 
above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period.
(d)
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest 
Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any 
Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were 
acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating (i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; or (ii) if "2021 ISDA Definitions" 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions  as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; (together, the ISDA 
Definitions) and under which:
(i)
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;
(ii)
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and
(iii)
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is (permanently) unable to determine a rate in accordance 
with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period.
(e)
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum 
or be less than the minimum so specified.

--- Page 54 ---
54
(f)
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the 
relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency 
(half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a sub-
unit means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(g)
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which 
any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(h)
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, 
together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it 
together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of 
Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will 
be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in 
the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest 
Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note 
having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(i)
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to 
the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions for such purposes.
8.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a)
Application: This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero 
Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b)
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the 
sum of:
(i)
the Reference Price; and
(ii)
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price on 
the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day

--- Page 55 ---
55
are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after 
the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes 
up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
9.
Redemption and Purchase
(a)
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed 
at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments).
(b)
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part:
(i)
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
not applicable); or
(ii)
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable),
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date 
fixed for redemption, if:
(A)
(1) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; or
(B)
(1) the Guarantor has or (if a demand was made under the Guarantee of the Notes) would 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 11 
(Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the 
Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations 
(including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes and (2) such 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it,
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than:
(1)
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer or the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional amounts 
if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due or (as the case may be) a demand 
under the Guarantee of the Notes were then made; or
(2)
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days prior 
to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on 
which the Issuer or the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional amounts 
if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due or (as the case may be) a demand 
under the Guarantee of the Notes were then made.

--- Page 56 ---
56
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver or 
procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent (1) a certificate signed by one managing director of the 
Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (2) an opinion 
of independent tax/legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer or (as the case may be) 
the Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 9(b), the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 9(b).
(c)
(A) Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes 
specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(B) Issuer Refinancing Call: If Issuer Refinancing Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Issuer may, having given:
(i)
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice or such other period of notice as is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices); and
(ii)
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Fiscal Agent,
(both of which notices shall be irrevocable), at any time, or from time to time, on or after the date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms redeem the Notes then outstanding in whole or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in part on such redemption date (the Refinancing Repurchase Date) at their nominal amount 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Refinancing Repurchase Date. Any 
such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in 
which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Refinancing Repurchase Date may be 
delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all 
such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the 
Refinancing Repurchase Date, or by the Refinancing Repurchase Date so delayed.
(d)
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 
9(c)(A) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 9(c)(B) (Issuer Refinancing Call) or Condition 
9(f) (Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of 
lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, 
subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 9(c)(A) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
Condition 9(c)(B) (Issuer Refinancing Call) or Condition 9(f) (Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer), shall 
specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or 
Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified.

--- Page 57 ---
57
(e)
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. 
In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(e), the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any Paying Agent 
such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in 
the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall 
deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a 
duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 9(e), may be withdrawn; provided, 
however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately 
due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), 
payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail 
notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder 
in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the 
depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding 
Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 9(e), the depositor of such Note and not 
such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes.
If the Put Option – Change of Control is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the following provisions will 
apply. If there occurs a Change of Control (as defined below) and within the Change of Control Period (as 
defined below) a Rating Downgrade (as defined below) in respect of that Change of Control occurs (together 
called a Put Event), the holder of each Note will have the option (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event 
Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes under Condition 9(b) (Redemption for 
Tax Reasons)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase 
of) that Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Change of Control) (as defined below) at its nominal amount 
together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal to) accrued interest to but excluding the 
Optional Redemption Date (Change of Control). 
Rating Agency means any of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Fitch Ratings Limited and Moody's 
Investors Service Limited and their respective successors or affiliates or any other rating agency of 
equivalent international standing specified from time to time by the Issuer. 
A Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control (i) if within the 
Change of Control Period any rating previously assigned to the Issuer by any two Rating Agencies (if three 
Rating Agencies have assigned a rating to the Issuer) or by any Rating Agency (if only one or two Rating 
Agencies have assigned a rating to the Issuer) is (x) withdrawn or (y) changed from an investment grade 
rating (BBB-/Baa3, or their respective equivalents for the time being, or better) to a noninvestment grade 
rating (BB+/Ba1, or their respective equivalents for the time being, or worse) or (z) (if the rating assigned 
to the Issuer by any two Rating Agencies shall be below an investment grade rating (as described above)) 
lowered one full rating category (from BB+/Ba1 to BB/Ba2 or such similar lower or equivalent rating), or 
(ii) if at the time of the Change of Control there is no rating assigned to the Issuer and no Rating Agency 
assigns during the Change of Control Period an investment grade credit rating (as described above) to the 
Issuer (unless the Issuer is unable to obtain such a rating within such period having used all reasonable 
endeavours to do so and such failure is unconnected with the occurrence of the Change of Control) provided, 
in each case, that a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a particular change in rating, or failure 
to obtain an investment grade rating (as described above) shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect of

--- Page 58 ---
58
a particular Change of Control if the Rating Agency making the change in or withdrawing the rating, or 
failing to award an investment grade rating (as described above), to which this definition would otherwise 
apply does not announce publicly or confirm in writing to the Issuer that the withdrawal, reduction or such 
failure was the result, in whole or part, of any event or circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, 
or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control. 
A Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred:
(a)
at each time any participant or participants in the Fund (Relevant Participant(s)) acting in concert 
or any person or persons acting on behalf of any such Relevant Participant(s), at any time acquire(s) 
or hold(s) more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights exercisable in the Fund; or
(b)
at each time (whether or not approved by the Management Board of the Issuer) that any person or 
persons (Relevant Person(s)) acting in concert or any person or persons acting on behalf of any 
such Relevant Person(s) (other than StAK), at any time directly or indirectly acquire(s) or come(s) 
to own (A) more than 50 per cent. of the issued ordinary share capital of the Issuer or (B) such 
number of the shares in the capital of the Issuer carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights 
normally exercisable at a general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer. 
Change of Control Period means the period ending 90 days after the occurrence of the Change of Control. 
The Optional Redemption Date (Change of Control) is the seventh day after the last day of the Put Period. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice (a Put 
Event Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Put 
Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the option contained in this 
Condition 9(e). 
In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(e) in relation to a Change of Control, the holder 
of a Note must deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, on any 
Business Day falling within the period (the Put Period) of 45 days after a Put Event Notice is given. The 
Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the 
depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance 
with this Condition 9(e), may be withdrawn. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent 
in accordance with this Condition 9(e), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be 
deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes.
(f)
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer: If the Issuer Make-Whole Call is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, having given:
(i)
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices); and
(ii)
not less than 15 days before the giving of notice referred to in (i) above, notice to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Quotation Agent and such other parties as may be specified in the Final Terms,
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (each such date, a Make-
whole Redemption Date)) redeem, in whole or in part, the Notes then outstanding at any time prior to their 
Maturity Date at their relevant Make-whole Redemption Amount. Any such notice of redemption may, at

--- Page 59 ---
59
the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state 
that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Make-Whole Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or 
all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may 
not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been 
satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Make-Whole Redemption Date, or by the 
Make-Whole Redemption Date so delayed.
Calculation Date means the third Business Day prior to the Make-whole Redemption Date.
Make-whole Redemption Amount means the sum of:
(i)
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the sum of the 
then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes to 
maturity or, if Issuer Refinancing Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms, to the first date on 
which such the Issuer Refinancing Call may be exercised (excluding any interest accruing on the 
Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date) whereby such remaining 
scheduled payments of principal and interest shall be discounted to the relevant Make-whole 
Redemption Date on either an annual, a semi-annual or quarterly basis (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) at the Make-whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-whole Redemption Margin; and
(ii)
any interest accrued but not paid on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole Redemption Date,
as determined by the Quotation Agent and as notified on the Calculation Date by the Quotation Agent to 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and such other parties as may be specified in the Final Terms.
Make-whole Redemption Margin means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
Make-whole Redemption Rate means the average of the four quotations, or such other number of 
quotations specified in the Final Terms, given by the Reference Dealers of the mid-market yield to maturity 
of the Reference Security on the third Business Day preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date at 11:00 
a.m. (Central European Time (CET)) (Reference Dealer Quotation).
Quotation Agent means any Dealer or any other international credit institution or financial services 
institution appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining the Make-whole Redemption Amount, in 
each case as such Quotation Agent is identified in the relevant Final Terms.
Reference Dealers means each of the four banks, or such other number of banks, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, selected by the Quotation Agent, which are primary European government security dealers, 
and their respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues.
Reference Security means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. If a Reference Security 
is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Quotation Agent at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on 
the third Business Day preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Quotation 
Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices).
Similar Security means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the Reference 
Security having actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would 
be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes.

--- Page 60 ---
60
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Quotation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding upon all parties.
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the relevant provisions of Condition 9(d) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to this Condition 9(f).
(g)
Issuer Residual Call: Unless the Issuer has at any time notified the Noteholders that it is exercising the Issuer 
Make-whole Call set out Condition 9(f) in respect of the Notes, if Issuer Residual Call is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable and, at any time, the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the 
Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the Series issued, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the relevant 
Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes then outstanding at the option of the Issuer 
in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), at the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption.
(h)
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
paragraphs (a) to (g) above.
(i)
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date 
shall be an amount equal to the sum of:
(i)
the Reference Price; and
(ii)
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price from 
(and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable.
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation in 
respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may 
be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 9(i) or, if none is so specified, a Day 
Count Fraction of 30E/360.
(j)
Purchase: The Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes 
in the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased 
therewith.
(k)
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may 
not be reissued or resold.
10.
Payments
(a)
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by 
transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which

--- Page 61 ---
61
euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial 
Centre of that currency.
(b)
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against presentation and 
(provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in paragraph (a) above. 
(c)
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount of the 
interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount 
of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law.
(d)
Payments subject to laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any applicable tax 
or other laws and regulations in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or their agents are subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation). No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments.
(e)
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto:
(i)
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal due 
for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted from 
the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount available 
for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that 
proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment;
(ii)
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment:
(A)
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as will 
result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the Relevant 
Coupons) being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, 
that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to 
become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and
(B)
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of 
principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount 
of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate 
amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for 
payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of 
principal due for payment.
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant 
missing Coupons.

--- Page 62 ---
62
(f)
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(f) is applicable or that 
the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or early 
redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), 
Condition 9(f) (Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer), Condition 9(g) (Issuer Residual Call) or Condition 
12 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become 
void and no payment will be made in respect thereof.
(g)
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is 
not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to payment in such 
place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be 
entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay.
(h)
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of matured 
Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by paragraph (c) above).
(i)
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon presented to 
it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of such 
payment.
(j)
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of issue) 
part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged 
at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further 
Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to 
Condition 13 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon.
11.
Taxation
(a)
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Netherlands or any political 
subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the 
Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have 
been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon:
(i)
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some connection 
with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or
(ii)
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note or Coupon to another Paying Agent in a 
Member State of the EU; or

--- Page 63 ---
63
(iii)
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder 
of such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting such 
Note or Coupon for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days; or
(iv)
where such deduction or withholding is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax 
Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021).
The Issuer or the Guarantor shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or successor provisions), pursuant 
to any inter-governmental agreement or implementing legislation adopted by another jurisdiction in 
connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service 
(FATCA withholding) as a result of a holder, beneficial owner or an intermediary that is not an agent of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor not being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. Neither the 
Issuer, nor the Guarantor, the Paying Agent nor any other person will be required to pay additional amounts 
or otherwise indemnify an investor for any such FATCA withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, 
the paying agent or any other party.
(b)
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction 
other than the Netherlands, references in these Conditions to the Netherlands shall be construed as references 
to the Netherlands and/or such other jurisdiction.
12.
Events of Default
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing:
(a)
Non-payment of principal: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes within 7 
days of the due date for payment thereof; or
(b)
Non-payment of interest: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes within 14 days 
of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(c)
Breach of Covenants: any of the ratio of the EBITDA to Total Interest or the Loan to Value Ratio or the 
Encumbered Assets Ratio (each as specified in Condition 5(b) (Financial Covenants)) is not met for a period 
of 45 days following the Relevant Financial Covenant Test Date; or
(d)
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer or the Guarantor defaults in the performance or observance of any of 
its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Guarantee of the Notes and such default remains 
unremedied for 30 days after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer and the Guarantor by any 
Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer and the Guarantor or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; 
or
(e)
Cross-default of Issuer, Guarantor or Subsidiary: 
(i)
any Indebtedness of any entity within the Vesteda Group (excluding Vesteda Project Development 
B.V.) is not paid when due or (as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period; 
(ii)
any Indebtedness becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due and payable prior to its 
stated maturity otherwise than at the option of the relevant entity within the Vesteda Group 
(excluding Vesteda Project Development B.V.) or (provided that no event of default, howsoever 
described, has occurred) any Person entitled to such Indebtedness; or

--- Page 64 ---
64
(iii)
any entity within the Vesteda Group (excluding Vesteda Project Development B.V.) fails to pay 
when due any amount payable by it under any Guarantee of any Indebtedness; 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or sub-paragraph (ii) above 
and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph (iii) above individually or in 
the aggregate exceeds €25,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(f)
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more judgment(s) or order(s) from which no further appeal or judicial review 
is permissible under applicable law for the payment of any amount/an aggregate amount in excess of 
€50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) is rendered against the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 60 
days after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; or
(g)
Insolvency etc: (i) suspension of payments (surseance van betaling) or bankruptcy (faillissement) 
proceedings are initiated or applied for by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any of their respective Subsidiaries or 
a third party and, in the case of a third party application, not discharged within 45 days, (ii) the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries are declared bankrupt or a suspension of payments is 
declared, (iii) an administrator or liquidator is appointed (or application for any such appointment is made) 
in respect of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries or the whole or a substantial 
part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries, (iv) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries takes any action for a 
readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its 
Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness given by it or (v) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of 
their respective Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or any substantial part of its business 
(otherwise than, in the case of a Subsidiary of the Issuer or a Subsidiary of the Guarantor, for the purposes 
of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or
(h)
Winding up etc: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries (otherwise than, in the case of 
a Subsidiary of the Issuer or a Subsidiary of the Guarantor, for the purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or
(i)
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Netherlands has an analogous effect to any 
of the events referred to in paragraphs (f) to (h) above; or
(j)
Failure to take action etc: any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done 
in order (i) to enable the Issuer and the Guarantor lawfully to enter into, exercise their respective rights and 
perform and comply with their respective obligations under and in respect of the Notes and the Deed of 
Guarantee, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the 
Notes, the Coupons and the Deed of Guarantee admissible in evidence in the courts of the Netherlands is 
not taken, fulfilled or done; or
(k)
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or comply with any 
of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Deed of Guarantee; or
(l)
Guarantee not in force: the Guarantee of the Notes is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full 
force and effect,

--- Page 65 ---
65
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and the Guarantor and 
delivered to the Issuer and the Guarantor or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared 
immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early 
Termination Amount together with accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality.
13.
Prescription
Claims for principal and interest shall become void unless the relevant Notes or relevant Coupons are 
presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
14.
Replacement of Notes and Coupons
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying 
Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the 
expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, 
indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must 
be surrendered before replacements will be issued.
15.
Agents
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Paying 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders.
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or 
Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a)
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and
(b)
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at 
all times maintain a Calculation Agent; and
(c)
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying 
Agent in any particular place, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall maintain a Paying Agent having its 
Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system.
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders.

--- Page 66 ---
66
16.
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by 
way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider matters relating 
to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may 
be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and 
the Guarantor (acting together) and shall be convened by them upon the request in writing of Noteholders 
holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at 
any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or 
representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any 
adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount 
of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or 
representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such 
meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not.
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders.
(b)
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Guarantee may be amended without the consent 
of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency 
Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer and the Guarantor shall not agree, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Noteholders.
17.
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except 
for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single Series with the Notes.
18.
Notices
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading newspaper published in the Netherlands 
(which is expected to be Het Financieele Dagblad) and, for so long as any Tranche of Notes is admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange or quotation system, notices to 
Noteholders of that Tranche will be deemed to be validly given if published in such manner as may be 
required by applicable laws, rules and regulations from time to time. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, 
on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders 
shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders.

--- Page 67 ---
67
19.
Currency Indemnity
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or 
made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the first currency) in which the same is 
payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the second currency) for 
the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment 
in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, 
the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the 
Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as 
a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in 
question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such 
Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency 
upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or 
proof.
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action.
20.
Rounding
(a)
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being 
rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen 
amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole 
Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded 
upwards.
21.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes 
are governed by the laws of the Netherlands.
(b)
Submission to Jurisdiction: In relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes and the Coupons, the Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the court of first instance 
(Rechtbank) in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. This submission is made for the exclusive benefit of the 
Noteholders and shall not affect their right to take such action or bring such proceeding in any other courts 
of competent jurisdiction.

--- Page 68 ---
68
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
1
Initial Issue of Notes
If the Global Notes are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be issued in NGN form, the Global Notes will be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. Depositing the Global 
Notes with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for the central banking system for the euro (the Eurosystem) monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.
Global notes which are issued in CGN form may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche 
to a Common Depositary.
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the Common Depositary), Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit 
each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed 
and paid. If the Global Note is an NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from 
time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such clearing 
system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and a 
statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant 
clearing system at that time.
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes 
that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems.
2
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other permitted 
clearing system (Alternative Clearing System) as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note must look 
solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be) 
for its share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note, and in relation to all other 
rights arising under the Global Notes, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). Such persons 
shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes 
are represented by such Global Note and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the 
bearer of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid.
3
Exchange
3.1
Temporary Global Notes
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive 
Notes.

--- Page 69 ---
69
3.2
Permanent Global Notes
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 3.4 below, in part for Definitive Notes:
(i)
if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an 
Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or 
(ii)
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal 
Agent of its election for such exchange.
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be issued 
in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding and 
would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more 
Specified Denominations.
3.3
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system permit, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more 
occasions for Definitive Notes if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due.
3.4
Delivery of Notes
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note may 
surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the 
Issuer will (i) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, deliver, 
or procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the 
whole or that part of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent 
exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or 
(ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, 
an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes or if the Global 
Note is a NGN, the Issuer will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records 
of the relevant clearing system. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Notes means, in relation to any 
Global Note, the definitive Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having 
attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been paid on the Global Note 
and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock 
exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Agency Agreement. 
On exchange in full of each permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure 
that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes.
3.5
Exchange Date
Exchange Date means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 
days after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, 
or in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after that on which 
the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the

--- Page 70 ---
70
specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is 
located.
4
Amendment to Conditions
The temporary Global Notes and permanent Global Notes contain provisions that apply to the Notes that they 
represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out in this Base 
Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions:
4.1
Payments and Record Date
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange for 
an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments on any temporary Global Note before the Exchange Date will only be made against 
presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. All payments in respect of Notes 
represented by a Global Note in CGN form will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no 
further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order 
of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such 
purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global 
Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of 
the Notes. Condition 6(d)(v) and Condition 7(c) will apply to the Definitive Notes only. If the Global 
Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata in 
the records of the relevant clearing system and in the case of payments of principal, the nominal amount 
of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing system and represented by the Global Note 
will be reduced accordingly. Payments under a NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made 
will discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records 
of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose of any payments made 
in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of 
“business day” set out in Condition 6(g) (Non-Business Days). 
4.2
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of five years from the date the relevant 
payment first became due.
4.3
Meetings
The holder of a permanent Global Note shall (unless such permanent Global Note represents only one 
Note) be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of 
Noteholders and, at any such meeting, the holder of a permanent Global Note shall be treated as having 
one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. 
4.4
Cancellation
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions to 
be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal amount of the 
relevant permanent Global Note.

--- Page 71 ---
71
4.5
Purchase
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
any of their respective subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future 
payments of interest (if any) thereon.
4.6
Issuer’s Option
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented 
by a permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders within the 
time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, except that the notice 
shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an 
option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer 
is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a 
clearing system in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) or any other Alternative 
Clearing System (as the case may be).
4.7
Noteholders’ Options
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global Note 
giving notice to the Fiscal Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying 
Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, 
except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which 
the option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is 
exercised and at the same time, where the permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the permanent 
Global Note to the Fiscal Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Fiscal Agent, for notation. 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered 
pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in 
those records will be reduced accordingly.
4.8
NGN nominal amount
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, 
exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the circumstances 
set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry 
being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly.
4.9
Events of Default
Each Global Note provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or a portion of it, to become 
due and repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 9 by stating in the notice to the Fiscal 
Agent the nominal amount of such Global Note that is becoming due and repayable. If principal in 
respect of any Note is not paid when due, the holder of a Global Note may elect for direct enforcement 
rights against the Issuer and the Guarantor under the terms of direct rights set out in the Global Note to 
come into effect in relation to the whole or a part of such Global Note in favour of the persons entitled 
to such part of such Global Note as accountholders with a clearing system. Following any such 
acquisition of direct rights, the Global Note will become void as to the specified portion.

--- Page 72 ---
72
4.10
Notices
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a 
clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for 
publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global 
Note.
5
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution
While any Global Note is held on behalf of any nominee for, a clearing system, then: 
(a)
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with 
their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than two-thirds in nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding (an Electronic Consent as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) 
shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be 
passed at a meeting for which the Special Quorum was satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all 
Noteholders and holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not they participated in such Electronic 
Consent; and
(b)
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given 
in writing directly to the Issuer by accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global 
Note or, where the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written 
consent from or written instruction by the person for whom such entitlement is ultimately beneficially 
held, whether such beneficiary holds directly with the accountholder or via one or more intermediaries 
and provided that, in each case, the Issuer obtained commercially reasonable evidence to ascertain the 
validity of such holding and have taken reasonable steps to ensure that such holding does not alter 
following the giving of such consent or instruction and prior to the effecting of such amendment. Any 
resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the 
relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. As used in this paragraph, “commercially 
reasonable evidence” includes any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system, or issued by an accountholder of them or an 
intermediary in a holding chain, in relation to the holding of interests in the Notes. Any such certificate 
or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes. 
Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic 
records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the 
accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with 
the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as 
valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by 
any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 73 ---
73
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for general corporate 
purposes, including for the refinancing of the Vesteda Group’s existing debt.
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
relevant Final Terms if so required pursuant to applicable law. 
Green Bonds
Eligible Assets
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from 
an offer of Notes in accordance with the Issuer’s green finance framework as amended from time to time (the 
Vesteda 
Green 
Finance 
Framework) 
which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from 
https://www.vesteda.com/en/corporate/investment/debt/green-bond-programme. Such Notes may also be 
referred to as Green Bonds. If such Green Bonds will be issued, the relevant Final Terms will specify for which 
Eligible Assets (as defined below) the proceeds of the Green Bonds will be used. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Vesteda Green Finance Framework provides that the Issuer intends 
to use the net proceeds of the green finance instruments issued under the Vesteda Green Finance Framework to 
exclusively finance or refinance, in whole or in part, assets which contribute to achieving Vesteda’s 
sustainability goals (Eligible Assets), which may consist of energy efficient residential buildings, refurbished 
residential buildings and new residential buildings, as further described in the Vesteda Green Finance 
Framework.
The contents of the Vesteda Green Finance Framework do not form part of this Base Prospectus and are not 
incorporated by reference in it.
Process for evaluation and selection 
The use of proceeds in the Vesteda Green Finance Framework is aligned with the business model and CSSR 
strategy of Vesteda. The corresponding Eligible Assets are expected to comply with local laws and regulations, 
including any applicable regulatory environmental and social requirements, and are evaluated from a 
sustainability perspective by the Program Manager Sustainability of Vesteda.
Management of proceeds
The Treasurer of Vesteda will manage the net proceeds of green finance instruments issued under the Vesteda 
Green Finance Framework on a portfolio basis. As long as the green finance instruments are outstanding, it is 
intended to exclusively allocate an amount equivalent to net proceeds of these instruments to a portfolio of 
Eligible Assets which meet the eligibility criteria and evaluation and selection process set out in the Vesteda 
Green Finance Framework. 
If an Eligible Asset is divested or does no longer meet the definition of Eligible Assets as outlined in the Vesteda 
Green Finance Framework, Vesteda will remove this asset from the portfolio and will strive to replace it with 
another Eligible Asset as soon as reasonably practicable. Vesteda aims to ensure that the total value of issued 
green finance instruments does not exceed the value of its portfolio of Eligible Assets. 
Pending the allocation of the net proceeds of issued green finance instruments to the portfolio of Eligible Assets, 
or in case insufficient Eligible Assets are available, Vesteda commits to manage the unallocated proceeds in 
line with its treasury criteria.

--- Page 74 ---
74
The allocation of the net proceeds of issued green finance instruments to the portfolio of Eligible Assets will 
be reviewed and approved by Vesteda’s Risk Committee on at least an annual basis, until full allocation of the 
net proceeds of issued green finance instruments.
Reporting
On at least an annual basis and until full allocation, Vesteda will prepare a report to update investors on the 
allocation of the net proceeds of issued green finance instruments. See “General Information” for further details 
about where to obtain such information, the Vesteda Green Finance Framework and the Second Party Opinion.
External review
Vesteda has commissioned Sustainalytics B.V. (Sustainalytics) to provide a Second Party Opinion for the 
Vesteda Green Finance Framework. Sustainalytics has reviewed the Vesteda Green Finance Framework as 
published at the date of this Base Prospectus and issued a Second Party Opinion confirming the alignment of 
the framework with both the Green Bond Principles (2021) and the Green Loan Principles (2021). Vesteda 
intends to commission Sustainalytics, or another second party opinion provider, to provide a Second Party 
Opinion for any Vesteda Green Finance Framework that applies after the date of this Base Prospectus.
Vesteda will appoint an independent verifier to provide a post-issuance review addressing the allocation of the 
net proceeds of issued green finance instruments on an annual basis until full allocation, or in case of significant 
changes in the allocation of proceeds.

--- Page 75 ---
75
VESTEDA GROUP AND THE FUND – CORPORATE PROFILE AND BUSINESS
Fund Profile
Introduction
Vesteda is an entrepreneurial and service-oriented institutional residential investor with a sizeable and varied 
portfolio of approximately 27,791 residential units in the Netherlands per 30 June 2021. Vesteda is internally 
managed, cost-efficient and has in-house property management for the majority of its portfolio. 
For institutional investors
Units in the Fund are not listed on any stock exchange. The Fund's participants principally comprise financial 
institutions, including pension funds, banks and insurance companies. At 30 June 2021, a total of 19 different 
entities participated in the Fund. The Fund offers participants access to the Dutch housing market, in accordance 
with the three key principles: limited risk, stable distributions to participants and a sustainable investment.
Key characteristics:
Vesteda

Established in 1998 as Vesteda Woningen (Vesteda Residential Fund) as a spin-off of the residential 
portfolio of Dutch pension fund ABP

Single fund manager 

Open-end core residential real estate fund

Broad institutional investor base with a long-term horizon

Conservative risk profile 

Limited use of leverage (target<30%)

Active investor relations policy 

Internally managed: no management fee structures and carried interest arrangements

In-house property management since 2003

Governance in accordance with best practice guidelines, including INREV, with the emphasis on 
transparency and alignment of interests

AIFMD (Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive) Licence obtained in 2014

Transparent for tax purposes (fund for the joint account of participants; FGR fund structure)

GRESB (the ESG Benchmark for Real Assets) score of five out of five stars and third ranking in the 
peer group of 9. 
Assets 

Diversified portfolio consisting of approximately 500 residential complexes in economically strong 
regions

All in the Netherlands, all in residential and related real estate

Focus on the mid-rental segment: monthly rents of between €752 and approximately €1,200

--- Page 76 ---
76

Vesteda offers sustainable housing and operates in a socially responsible manner
Targets 

Tenant satisfaction: Outperform the Customeyes benchmark. 

ESG performance: 99% green energy labels (A, B, or C) by 2024 

Financial Performance: Outperform the three-year MSCI IPD Netherlands Residential Benchmark
Legal structure 
Vesteda has the legal structure shown below, as set out in the Fund Terms and Conditions.
Structure of the Fund
The Issuer acts as financing company of the Fund and the principal activity of the Issuer is the provision of loans to 
entities of the Fund (including the Guarantor), which the Issuer finances with funds acquired from capital markets 
transactions and bank loans.
The assets of the Issuer mainly consist of receivables owed by entities within the Vesteda Group. The ongoing 
business activities of the Issuer therefor depend on the ability of the Guarantor and other companies of the Fund to 
fulfill their payment obligations vis-à-vis the Issuer or the obligation to assume losses.
Vesteda Residential Fund
The Fund is a mutual fund for the joint account of the participants. Investors may participate in the Fund by taking 
an interest in the Fund. The Fund is transparent for tax purposes. For this reason, participants can participate in the 
Fund via an entity with its own legal and tax structure. Participants always join or exit the fund through the fund 
manager, Vesteda Investment Management B.V. (Fund Manager), in accordance with the Fund Terms and

--- Page 77 ---
77
Conditions. The rights and obligations of the Fund Manager, the supervisory committee of the Fund and the 
participants are set out in the Fund Terms and Conditions. 
StAK Vesteda
Participants’ rights and obligations in respect of the Fund Manager, Vesteda Project Development B.V. and Vesteda 
Finance B.V., are exercised through Stichting Administratiekantoor Vesteda (StAK Vesteda). Participants are 
granted a power of attorney to attend and exercise voting rights in the general meeting of shareholders of these three 
companies by StAK Vesteda at their request.
Vesteda Investment Management B.V. (the Fund Manager) 
The Fund Terms and Conditions instruct the Fund Manager to manage the Fund under the specified conditions. The 
Fund Manager is responsible for day-to-day operations and implementation of the strategy of the Fund. The managing 
board and the staff of the Fund are employed by the Fund Manager.
Vesteda Finance B.V., Vesteda Project Development B.V. and Vesteda Services B.V.
Vesteda Finance B.V. undertakes Vesteda’s unsecured financing activities on behalf of the Fund. Vesteda Project 
Development B.V. is responsible for development projects in the committed pipeline and certain selected acquisition 
projects. Vesteda Services B.V. will in the future act as an intra-group service provider.
Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V.
Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V. is the legal owner of the properties of the Fund, while the Fund is the beneficial 
owner. Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V. acts in accordance with all instructions regarding the Fund’s assets given by 
the Fund Manager, and shall be entitled to acquire, dispose, transfer or otherwise deal with any Fund assets on the 
instruction of the Fund Manager.
Foundation DRF I 
Foundation DRF I (Foundation Dutch Residential Fund I) is the depositary receipt holder of the shares to Vesteda 
Investment Management B.V., Vesteda Project Development B.V. and Vesteda Finance B.V., issued by Stichting 
Administratiekantoor Vesteda. Foundation DRF I also holds all the shares in Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V. 
Strategy and long-term objectives
Strategic and portfolio objectives 
Vesteda’s mission and vision are translated into strategic and portfolio objectives. 
Strategic objectives 
Tenants: Provide middle-income tenants with good-quality, sustainable and affordable housing in urban areas. 
We want them to rate us as the best landlord in the Netherlands

increase tenant satisfaction

clear and consistent communication to tenants

provide affordable homes in the mid-priced rental segment for middle-income households 
Participants: Provide long-term investors with an attractive risk-return profile in a pure-play Dutch core residential 
property fund

--- Page 78 ---
78

provide its participants with good returns, transparency and service

continuously improve the dialogue with all participants and potential new participants

provide stable IRR

GRESB 5 star rating
Portfolio: Improve the quality and sustainability of Vesteda’s portfolio, offer value-for-money homes to our tenants, 
ensuring satisfied tenants, stable rental income growth and MSCI outperformance

continuous focus on the quality and structure of Vesteda’s portfolio which is the basis for outperformance 
and stable rental income growth

identify opportunities for targeted investments at asset level to optimise the product and the Fund’s offering 
to ensure future growth potential and added quality 

targeting an annual rental income growth of 2.5-3.0% (including inflation)

with regards to the sustainability of the Portfolio, a focus on climate mitigation and adaptation by constantly 
looking for the latest innovations, but only apply them when they have demonstrated sufficient proof of 
added value
Organisation & staff: Being a service oriented organisation, supported by smart technology; operated at attractive 
cost levels and regarded as an employer of choice, and:

to become a high-performance organisation

Implement a new ERP system 
Funding: Provide a robust and well-diversified, flexible, and green funding structure with low leverage and low cost 
of largely fixed-rate debt

to have a well-diversified fully unsecured funding structure, consisting of a combination of bank debt, 
private placements, public bonds and Euro Commercial Paper

to further improve Vesteda’s funding profile by attracting new diversified funding at attractive interest rates
Update half year 2021
COVID-19 pandemic
A lockdown, night-time curfew and the start of the vaccination programme on 6 January 2021 showed effect and the 
number of new COVID-19 cases began to decline in the beginning of 2021. In February, March and April 2021, 
many restrictions were gradually eased and primary schools and non-essential shops reopened. In June 2021, cafes 
and restaurants reopened – within limits – and the night-time curfew was lifted late April. Late June, restrictions for 
restaurants and cafes were further eased and nightclubs reopened. Since then, the Netherlands saw an upsurge in the 
number of COVID-19 cases, forcing the Dutch government to reimpose some of the restrictions in July. Opening 
hours of restaurants and cafes are limited again, nightclubs are closed and people are again advised to work from 
home as much as possible. The reimposed restrictions seem to have a positive effect and the number of new COVID-
19 cases is declining. The Dutch government sees the vaccination programme as the key solution to solve the 
COVID-19 pandemic. As at 1 August 2021, in total 71% of the Dutch population received at least one vaccine doses,

--- Page 79 ---
79
which ranked the Netherlands on a 4th position in Europe at that time. The Dutch government extended its economic 
rescue package to save as much jobs, incomes and companies as possible. Vesteda holds on to the agreement that 
they have with the Ministry of the Interior and Kingdom Relations and the IVBN (Association of institutional 
property investors in the Netherlands), offering custom solutions to all tenants with instant financial problems. The 
number of payment arrangements with tenants is stable at around 300 tenants, representing approximately 1% of 
total (as per 4 August 2021). The impact from the COVID-19 effects on Vesteda’s financial results in H1 2021 have 
been relatively small. Vesteda does, however, experience higher vacancies in the higher segment. 
New housing regulations 
As per 1 January 2021, young first-time home buyers are exempt from real estate transfer tax (up to a purchase prices 
of €400,000), while the real estate transfer tax rate for investors was increased from 2% to 8%. In addition, the 
government announced a rent freeze for the regulated segment and a maximum rent increase of CPI plus 1% for the 
liberalised segment. Vesteda already anticipated the latter development. In February, a housing agreement was signed 
between 30 parties including municipalities, investors, developers and constructors, to increase the housing 
production. Vesteda is awaiting if this agreement will be incorporated in the new coalition agreement of the Dutch 
government, of which the formation is currently taking place.
Market
Vesteda’s HMI (Housing Market Indicator) recovered from 6.7 in Q4 2020 to 7.2 in Q1 2021. The HMI score 
remained stable at 7.2 in Q2 2021, which reflects the robustness of the Dutch recovery and the housing market. In 
June, inflation reached 2.0% and the unemployment rate was very low at 3.2%. The consumer confidence is still 
negative, but back at the level of early 2020. Price levels on the owner-occupier and rental market are still rising. 
Banks are adjusting their forecasts for house prices for the remainder of 2021 upwards. The housing market remains 
tight which is indicated by low supply-demand ratios. On the sustainability-side, CO2 emissions from households 
increased relative to one year earlier because more gas was used to stay warm during the relative cold spring. Also, 
the increase in renewable electricity in Q2 is less strong than preceding quarters.

--- Page 80 ---
80
Operational highlights
Construction of pipeline projects continued during the COVID-19 pandemic, mostly as planned. In total 399 homes 
were added to the investment portfolio from the acquisition pipeline. Vesteda signed one turnkey building contract 
for 133 residential units and sold 90 units.
Vesteda’s sustainability efforts have resulted in an increased share of green energy labels by 30 basis points to 91.4% 
at 30 June 2021. Furthermore, Vesteda amended the €700 million revolving facility agreement, into a sustainability-
linked revolving facility agreement. Finally, S&P upgraded Vesteda’s rating from BBB+ to A- due to strong results 
during the COVID-19 pandemic, low debt position relative to its portfolio value and a stable outlook
Financial Performance
Total comprehensive income in H1 2021 amounted to €363 million, 33% higher than in H1 2020, driven by positive 
revaluations. The total return in H1 2021 was 5.8%, consisting of 1.5% realised return and 4.2% unrealised return.
Outlook
The current impact from COVID-19 on Vesteda is still relatively low. However, Vesteda is experiencing a higher 
vacancy in the higher rental segment and it takes more effort and time to rent out these homes, resulting in higher 
costs. The occupancy rate is currently stable and is expected to recover when expats return. Vesteda expects the like-
for-like rental increase to moderate due to the new regulations mentioned above. Vesteda is experiencing continued 
pressure from political parties to impose additional regulations to address the affordable housing problem in the 
Netherlands, which may also affect the mid-rental segment. Underlying market fundamentals, including a low 
interest rate environment, are expected to remain strong. Continued housing shortages in the Netherlands and high 
demand for mid-rental homes, provides Vesteda with confidence to deliver solid results in the remainder of this year.
Portfolio overview

--- Page 81 ---
81
 
1 Primary regions are areas that offer the highest market potential for the non-regulated (liberalised) rental sector. These areas are marked by high 
market potential and low market risks. Secondary regions score lower on a number of fronts but do have a positive economic and demographic 
outlook

--- Page 82 ---
82
Investment portfolio
In H1 2021, a total of 399 homes were added to the investment portfolio from the acquisition pipeline. It concerns 
six projects, of which one partial delivery. The rental levels of the homes added are mostly in the mid-rental segment. 
In H1 2021, a total of 90 homes were sold from the investment portfolio. On balance, the investment portfolio 
increased by 309 residential units to 27,791.

--- Page 83 ---
83
 
 
 
In H1 2021, Vesteda added one project to its committed pipeline, concerning project Imagine in Rotterdam for 133 
multi-family homes. At the end of H1 2021, the acquisition pipeline comprised a total of 977 homes. All projects fit 
in perfectly with Vesteda's portfolio in terms of region, rental segment and energy label.

--- Page 84 ---
84

--- Page 85 ---
85
Performance 
Rental income
The total theoretical rent at half year 2021 amounted to €178 million, an increase of €8 million compared with half 
year 2020. The increase was primarily driven by the inflow of new-build homes in the investment portfolio, 
indexation and an increase in contract rents for new tenants as a result of the rise in markets rents. 
Market rent and theoretical rent
€ million
HY 2021
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
Market rent 
189
364
337
350
264
250
Theoretical rent
178
351
330
332
260
251
The average monthly rent (residential only) increased by 3.0% due to the like-for-like growth of Vesteda’s standing 
portfolio and the inflow and outflow (portfolio composition changes) in 2020.
Occupancy
The occupancy rate (in units) declined to 97.5%, primarily driven by a higher vacancy in the higher segment in 
Amsterdam due to less demand for housing by freelancers and expats during the COVID-19 pandemic. Tenant 
turnover increased to 13.6% in 2020, compared with 12.8% in 2019.

--- Page 86 ---
86
Rental Income
The gross rental income of the portfolio increased last half year compared to half year 2020. Due to higher vacancy 
and higher operating expenses, net rental income remained the same as in half year 2020. As a result, the gross/net 
ratio increased to 26.2%, compared with 24.9% in 2020. 
Rental income
€ million unless otherwise stated
HY 2021
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
Gross rental income
178
335
329
281
247
242
Net rental income
126
251
252
210
184
182
Gross/net ratio (%)
26.2
24.9
23.4
25.1
25.6
24.8
Market value
The table below shows the market value development of the investment portfolio. The value increased to €8.2 billion 
as at 31 December 2020 (including IFRS16). This is 5.1% higher than at year-end 2019, mainly as a result of a higher 
number of units in the portfolio and positive revaluations. Market values continued to increase despite COVID-19 
uncertainties and partly driven by the increase of the Real Estate Transfer Tax (RETT) to 8% from 2% as per 1 
January 2021. The investment market remained strong, both for residential complexes and individual unit sales.

--- Page 87 ---
87
The revaluation of the total portfolio was +3.5% in 2020. This positive result was driven by a solid value increase of 
mid-rental properties, especially in medium-sized cities and in the suburbs of larger cities. 
Average value per residential unit
The average value per residential unit in the portfolio had increased by 5.0% to €292 thousand at year-end 2020. 
This increase was largely driven by the revaluation of 3.5% and changes in the composition of the portfolio (inflow 
and outflow). 
Gross initial yield
The gross initial yield on the portfolio, defined as the theoretical rent at year-end divided by the value of the portfolio 
at year-end (excl. IFRS 16), changed slightly, from 4.3% in 2019 to 4.4% in 2020. The slight increase is caused by 
the steeper increase of rental income at year-end compared with the value increase, which was lower due to the 
impact of mainly the increased real estate transfer tax.

--- Page 88 ---
88

--- Page 89 ---
89
Performance versus MSCI benchmark as per year-end 2020
Participants 
Number of issued participations
The total number of issued participation rights remained unchanged in 2020 and until 30 June 2021 at 35,897,595. 
In 2020, Vesteda welcomed Deutsche Annington Acquisition Holding (Vonovia) as a new participant in the fund 
following secondary transactions.  
List of institutional investors (participants)
At 30 June 2021, Vesteda’s participant base consisted of the following institutional investors (in alphabetical order):
  
Allianz Benelux
  
APG Strategic Real Estate Pool

--- Page 90 ---
90
    AZ Jupiter 10

Deutsche Annington Acquisition Holding GmbH
  
Euler Hermes
  
Nationale-Nederlanden Levensverzekering Maatschappij
  
Non-disclosed Asian institutional investor
  
PGGM Private Real Estate Fund
  
REI Diaphane Fund (used to be Bouwfonds Nationale Nederlanden)
  
Stichting Bedrijfstakpensioenfonds voor de Media PNO
  
Stichting Pensioenfonds ABP
  
Stichting Pensioenfonds Delta Lloyd
  
Stichting Pensioenfonds ING
   Stichting Pensioenfonds PGB

Stichting Pensioenfonds Rail & Openbaar Vervoer
  
Stichting Pensioenfonds voor Fysiotherapeuten
  
Stichting Pensioenfonds Xerox
  
Stichting TKPI European Real Estate Fund
  
VCRF Holding
Organisation and staff 
Organisational structure

--- Page 91 ---
91
Vesteda is an internally managed fund with in-house property management. 
Vesteda’s organisational structure consists of the Portfolio Strategy, Acquisitions and Operations departments and 
several staff departments and functions. The Acquisitions and Operations departments are led by respectively Pieter 
Knauff (CIO) and Astrid Schlüter (COO), who are part of the Management Team. The Portfolio Strategy department 
is led by the Head of Portfolio Strategy, Una Buning, who reports to the CEO. Vesteda’s statutory board remains 
unchanged and consists of Gertjan van der Baan (CEO) and Frits Vervoort (CFO). 
Vesteda’s Portfolio Strategy department is responsible for the desired portfolio development, monitoring and 
continuous optimisation of the quality and value growth of Vesteda’s portfolio. Vesteda’s Acquisitions department 
is responsible for the execution of the portfolio strategy through the purchase and sale of residential complexes and 
portfolios. Vesteda’s Operations department is responsible for the quality of Vesteda’s services, the maintenance of 
its portfolio, individual unit sales and technical and operational asset management.
Workforce 
At 30 June 2021, Vesteda employed 220 FTEs, compared with the number of 217 FTEs at yearend 2020. 
At the year-end 2020, 50% of the workforce were male and 50% were female.
In 2020, Vesteda's Supervisory Committee consisted of five members: three male and two female. Vesteda 
recognises the importance of an equal distribution of male and female members of its Management Board and 
Supervisory Committee, taking into account that the candidate’s qualification and suitability for the function are 
always the leading principle. 
Bonuses
Vesteda has a bonus scheme with a collective component that includes criteria such as the realised operational result, 
GRESB score, tenant satisfaction score and increase in gross rental income. The variable remuneration also includes 
an individual component and in some cases a team component. Variable remuneration is only paid, in full or in part, 
if Vesteda’s targets are met. In 2020, the targets were met for the most part.
Works council
During the year, the Works Council and the Management Board met on a regular scheduled basis. These meetings 
were constructive and subjects included but were not limited to employee communications during COVID-19, HPO, 
Vesteda Vitaal, the ERP system, funding and the home working policy. Two members of the Works Council left the 
company in 2020 and this resulted in new elections at the end of the year.
Funding
Vesteda has a well-diversified fully unsecured funding structure, consisting of a combination of bank debt, Euro 
Commercial Paper (ECP), private placements and public bonds. This unsecured debt profile enables Vesteda to 
secure debt funding through various debt markets at any point in time. In 2018, Vesteda’s debt funding strategy was 
subjected to an extensive benchmarking and strategic review. The (external) review concluded that the current 
financing strategy is logical, well substantiated and adequate. Since this review, Vesteda issued its first benchmark 
bond, followed by a green benchmark bond in 2019, and added the ECP programme to its funding structure. These 
actions further improved the robustness, flexibility, diversification, and sustainability of Vesteda’s funding structure. 
In the first half of 2020, the economy was severely hit by the effects of COVID-19 and many businesses were forced 
to tap into extra liquidity from banks and capital markets. Vesteda was also hit by these effects, as it proved difficult

--- Page 92 ---
92
to make use of the Euro Commercial Paper market. As Vesteda is required – due to its long-term funding targets - to 
have a Revolving Facility Agreement in place as a back-stop for its ECP, Vesteda was able to make use of its €700 
million Revolving Facility Agreement to replace its ECP. Vesteda was not required to arrange extra financing for its 
funding requirements and the funding structure proved to be robust, which meant Vesteda did not have to make any 
changes to its funding strategy. 
Vesteda has a credit rating of A- with a stable outlook from Standard & Poor's which was published in April 2021. 
In October 2020, Vesteda issued its first green US private placement with two new lenders. This private placement 
is made up of two €50 million placements and has terms of 10 and 15 years, with interest rates of 1.03% and 1.38%. 
The financing has two purposes: firstly, to (re)finance homes with an energy label A and, secondly, to (re)finance 
homes that made an improvement of the energy label by at least two steps, to a minimum energy label C. Vesteda 
will report on any energy savings and CO₂ reductions realised in the homes, and this reporting will be verified by an 
independent party. The green private placement also has a shelf structure; Vesteda can raise another €150 million 
with these investors (subject to approvals) without amending the private placement agreement. 
In December 2020, Vesteda signed a term loan agreement with the European Investment Bank (EIB). This agreement 
will have a tenor of 10 years and allow fixed rate and floating rate funding. Drawdowns can be made up to one and 
a half years after signing. The proceeds of this loan agreement will be used to fund projects in (regulated) mid-rental 
housing and to improve the sustainability of Vesteda’s existing portfolio, up to 50% of the total investments. This 
loan enables Vesteda to fund itself at attractive rates, which will improve the Internal Rate of Return for projects in 
affordable housing. The EIB loan meets Vesteda’s funding targets, as it increases the average maturity and improves 
the average cost of debt. It also further diversifies the funding structure with EIB as a reputable debt investor. 
To ensure that debt investors have effective insight in Vesteda's credit profile, Vesteda continues to focus proactively 
on its debt investor relations through (virtual) roadshows ahead of bond issues and its (virtual) presence at 
conferences and seminars attended by debt investors. This will also enable Vesteda to quickly execute the above-
mentioned bonds issuances, if needed. 
As a green bond issuer, Vesteda is subject to the EU Taxonomy Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2020/852). The EU is 
setting up the EU Taxonomy Regulation, which sets out criteria to determine if economic activities can be classified 
as environmentally sustainable. Financing that is raised for environmentally sustainable activities needs to comply 
with this regulation. For Vesteda’s green financing, Vesteda makes use of its green finance framework. Once the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation is finalised, Vesteda will need to review this Green Finance Framework and update it to make 
sure it complies with the EU Taxonomy Regulation. In addition, Vesteda will assess the impact on its reporting. 
In April 2021 Vesteda signed an agreement amending the €700m Revolving Facilities Agreement (RFA) into a 
sustainability-linked RFA. Four KPI’s to improve our sustainability performance are embedded in the agreement: 
GRESB score, solar panels installation, % of green energy labels, and emission reduction of our car fleet. If Vesteda 
meets the majority of these KPIs, it will be able to obtain a reduction in the interest margin. On the other hand, the 
interest margin will be increased if Vesteda fails to meet the majority of these KPIs. 
In September 2021 a new lender was added to the RFA replacing the lender of €70 million which planned to step out 
of the RFA in 2023, resulting in the maturity date of the total €700 million RFA to be in 2025.
Vesteda’s financing strategy is based on funding targets: 
1.
Leverage of ≤ 30%
2. 
Total fixed-rate and hedged floating rate exposure of ≥ 70%
3.
Weighted average maturity of > four years

--- Page 93 ---
93
4. 
Diversified funding profile, with at least three funding sources of at least 10% individually
5.
 Sufficient liquidity headroom to refinance short-term debt (including maturing bonds and private 
placements), finance committed pipeline, and to accommodate redemption requests (Redemption 
Available Cash) according to the terms and conditions.
6. 
Well-balanced maturity calendar with < 35% maturing in a single year
7. 
Asset encumbrance of < 15%
At 30 June 2021, Vesteda met all its funding targets. 
Vesteda’s average weighted maturity of debt was 5.1 years, above its long-term minimum target of four years. The 
average total debt interest rate was 1.9% at 30 June 2021. The loan-to-value ratio stood at 22.9% at 30 June 2021, 
compared with 23.3% at year-end 2020. 
Vesteda's main financial covenants, as part of its financing agreements, are a maximum loan-to-value ratio of 50% 
and a minimum interest cover ratio of 2.0. Vesteda comfortably met all the financial covenants of its financing 
arrangements at 30 June 2021. 
Vesteda’s funding targets contribute to its robust, well-diversified and flexible funding structure. Within this funding 
structure, Vesteda is always looking to further optimise its average cost of debt by making use of different funding 
instruments at different maturities.

--- Page 94 ---
94

--- Page 95 ---
95
MANAGEMENT OF THE FUND
Members of the managing board of the Fund
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the managing board of the Fund consists of Mr. Gertjan van der Baan as Chief 
Executive Officer (CEO) and Mr. Frits Vervoort as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). 
G.S. (Gertjan) van der Baan (1968)
CEO, Dutch.
Chairman of the managing board since 1 January 2014. Third term of office ends in December 2025. As Chief 
Executive Officer, Gertjan van der Baan is responsible for Portfolio Strategy, Acquisitions, HR Management, 
Investor Relations and Corporate Sustainability, Social Responsibility, and Internal Audit. 
Frits Vervoort (1962) 
CFO, Dutch.
Member of the managing board since 1 November 2016. Second term of office ends in October 2024. As CFO of 
the Fund, Frits Vervoort’s responsibilities include accounting, control & reporting, risk, legal/compliance, 
operations, IT and treasury.
Members of the supervisory committee of the Fund
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the supervisory committee of the Fund consists of the persons as listed below. 
The supervisory committee of Fund is responsible for the supervision of the management of the Fund.
Jaap Blokhuis (1958)
Chairman
Areas of expertise: management, finance, investments, compliance, risk management.
Hans Copier (1957) 
Areas of expertise: management, risk management and audit, compliance, personnel and organisation.
Seada van den Herik (1972) 
Areas of expertise: personnel and organisation, finance, risk management.
Theo Eysink (1966)
Areas of expertise: risk management and audit, finance, compliance.
Eva Klein Schiphorst (1964) 
Areas of expertise: real estate, energy transition, organisational development and project management.

--- Page 96 ---
96
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE FUND
The financial information in this section has been derived from the audited financial statements 2020 of the 
Fund and from the unaudited half year report 2021, both are incorporated by reference, other than the 
information included under the paragraphs “Key figures” and “Vesteda’s performance on main KPIs” below, 
which information has been derived from the unaudited management reports of the Fund. For more information, 
please see the audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 2019 and 2020, and 
the unaudited half year report 2021 of the Fund, as incorporated by reference herein. 
Key figures 
Gross rental income 
The theoretical gross rent amounted to €178 million in H1 2021, an increase of €8 million compared to H1 
2020. This increase was primarily driven by the inflow of new-build homes in the investment portfolio, 
indexation and an increase in contract rents for new tenants as a result of the rise in market rents. 
The loss of rent was 4.5% in H1 2021, which was higher than the 2.9% in the same period of last year, primarily 
due to higher vacancy in the higher rental segment. Gross rental income amounted to €170 million in H1 2021, 
compared with €165 million in H1 2020. 
Net rental income

--- Page 97 ---
97
Property operating expenses were €44 million in H1 2021, an increase of €5 million compared with H1 2020, 
mainly caused by higher planned maintenance costs. 
Operating costs as a percentage of gross rental income, the so-called gross/net ratio, was 26.2% in H1 2021, 
compared with 23.7% in the same period of last year.
Net rental income amounted to €126 million in H1 2021, in line with H1 2020. 
Result on property sales 
In H1 2021, in total 90 homes were sold from the investment portfolio, compared with 92 homes sold in H1 
2020. The result on property sales was in total €4 million, compared with €2 million in H1 2020, driven by 
higher sales prices. 
Management expenses 
Management expenses amounted to €13 million in H1 2021, compared with €12 million in H1 2020. 
Interest expenses 
Interest expenses were €20 million in H1 2021, in line with H1 2020. The average interest rate stood at 1.9% 
at the end of H1 2021, compared with 2.0% at the end of H1 2020.
Realised result
Vesteda recorded a realised result of €97 million in H1 2021, an increase of €1 million compared with H1 2020.
Unrealised result
House prices continued to rise in H1 2021 throughout the Netherlands. The value of Vesteda’s portfolio 
increased by 3.1% in H1 2021, compared with a rise of 2.3% in H1 2020. Vesteda recorded an unrealised result 
of €266 million in H1 2021, compared with €177 million in H1 2020.
Total comprehensive result
Vesteda recorded a total comprehensive result of €363 million in H1 2021, compared with €273 million in H1 
2020. The total return on time weighted average equity increased to 5.8%, compared to 4.5% in H1 2020, driven 
by higher revaluations.
Balance sheet
As a result of the positive revaluation, Vesteda’s balance sheet total increased to €8,743 million at 30 June 
2021, from €8,440 million at year-end 2020. The leverage ratio excluding IFRS 16 was 22.8% at the end of 
H1 2021 (year-end 2020: 23.1%).

--- Page 98 ---
98
Key highlights
•
Revaluation in HY 2021 amounted to €259 million.
•
In HY 2021 no new participation rights were issued, redeemed or withdrawn.
•
Repayment of €100 million private placement.
•
Amended the €700 million Revolving Facility Agreement (RFA) into a Sustainability Linked RFA.
•
Vesteda received an upgrade in credit rating from Standard & Poor’s, from BBB+ to A- with “outlook 
stable”.
•
In total €105 million was distributed to participants in HY 2021. 
Distribution to participants
Policy: Approximately 60% of budgeted distribution is paid out in three instalments in the course of the year, 
each time two weeks after quarter end. The remaining approximately 40% will be paid out in two instalments 
after the close of the financial year, one in January, shortly after fourth quarter end, and one after the adoption 
of the distribution proposal in April.

--- Page 99 ---
99
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
General
The Issuer is a financing company and has the legal form of a private company with limited liability (besloten 
vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid). The Issuer was incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands 
on 18 July 2012. The corporate seat of the Issuer is in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and its registered office is 
at De Boelelaan 759, 1082 RS Amsterdam, the Netherlands with the following telephone number: 0884561666. 
The Issuer is registered in the Commercial Register of the Chamber of Commerce under number 55723322.
Pursuant to article 3 of its articles of association, the corporate objects of the Issuer are:
a.
to finance businesses and companies with which it forms a group, including the entities which act 
as custodian of the Fund, a fund for joint account of the participants and to execute financial 
transactions on behalf of the group;
b.
to borrow, to lend and to raise funds including the issuance of bonds, promissory notes or other 
securities, on evidence of indebtedness as well as to enter into agreements relating thereto;
c.
to incorporate, to participate in any way whatsoever in, and to manage businesses and companies;
d.
to grant guarantees, to bind the Issuer and to pledge its assets for businesses and companies with 
which it forms a group and for third parties;
e.
to render advice and services to businesses and companies;
f.
to perform any and all activities of a financial nature,
g.
and to do all that is connected therewith or may be conducive thereto, all to be interpreted in the 
broadest sense 
Issued share capital of the Issuer
The issued capital of the Issuer amounts to €18,000, divided into 1,800,000 registered shares with a nominal 
value of €0.01 each, issued on 18 July 2012, which are currently all held by Stichting Administratiekantoor 
Vesteda. The issued capital is fully issued and paid-up. The Issuer does not have authorised but unissued capital. 
Business 
Pursuant to its corporate purpose, the Issuer acts as financing company of the Fund, the principal activity of the 
Issuer is to finance businesses and companies which are part of the Fund. Because of its purely internal purpose, 
the Issuer does not have any markets in which it competes and therefore, the Issuer cannot make a statement 
regarding its competitive position in any markets.
Organisational structure
The Issuer is a wholly owned subsidiary of Stichting Administratiekantoor Vesteda. The Issuer does not have 
any subsidiaries of its own. 
Management, Corporate governance
The Management Board of the Issuer is formed by Vesteda Investment Management B.V. and the Management 
Board of the latter comprises of Gertjan van der Baan (CEO) and Frits Vervoort (CFO). In this capacity they, 
in effect, take board decisions at Issuer level. The corporate seat of the sole managing director is in Amsterdam, 
the Netherlands and its registered office is at De Boelelaan 759, 1082 RS Amsterdam, the Netherlands with the 
following telephone number: 0884561666. Vesteda Investment Management B.V. is registered in the

--- Page 100 ---
100
Commercial Register of the Chamber of Commerce under number 14071789. Please see “Organisation and 
staff” under “VESTEDA GROUP AND THE FUND – CORPORATE PROFILE AND BUSINESS”.
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the Issuer, the members of the managing board 
of the Issuer and their private interests and or other duties.
No specific rules apply to the Issuer under the Dutch corporate governance code, because the Dutch corporate 
governance code only applies to companies whose shares are listed.
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during the previous twelve months which may have, or have had in 
the recent past significant effects on the Issuer’s and/or Vesteda Group’s financial position or profitability.
Material Contracts
The Issuer has not entered in any material contract other than in the ordinary course of its business, which could 
result in any Fund entity (including the Issuer) being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the 
ability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to meet their respective obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes 
being issued. 
Trend Information and Significant Changes
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020 and no 
significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or of the Vesteda Group since 
31 December 2020.
Auditors
The auditor of the Issuer is Deloitte Accountants B.V.

--- Page 101 ---
101
DEED OF GUARANTEE
This is the text of the Deed of Guarantee in respect of the Notes, as supplemented, amended and restated on 1 
October 2021. 
THIS DEED OF GUARANTEE is made on 3 July 2014, as supplemented, amended and restated on 1 October 
2021
__________________________________________
BY
(1)
CUSTODIAN VESTEDA FUND I B.V. (the Guarantor which expression shall include any further entity 
acceding as a Guarantor in accordance with Clause 3 (Accession New Guarantor) of the Deed of Guarantee)
IN FAVOUR OF
(2)
THE NOTEHOLDERS (as defined in the Base Prospectus described below) hereinafter also referred to 
as the “Beneficiaries”. 
WHEREAS
1.1
Vesteda Finance B.V. (the Issuer) and the Guarantor have established a Guaranteed Euro Medium Term 
Note Programme (the Programme) for the issuance of notes (the Notes), originally in the amount of 
€1,500,000,000, as most recently amended on 1 October 2021 in an amount of €2,500,000,000. In 
connection with the Programme they have entered into a dealer agreement dated 1 October 2021 (the Dealer 
Agreement) and an issue and paying agency agreement dated 1 October 2021 (the Agency Agreement).
1.2
The Issuer has made an application to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam) for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to trading on Euronext Amsterdam. Notes may also be issued on the 
basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system or that they will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such 
other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the 
Issuer.
1.3
In connection with the Programme, the Issuer and the Guarantor have prepared a Base Prospectus, originally 
dated 3 July 2014, and as updated and supplemented from time to time, which has been approved by the 
Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten) (the AFM), 
which is the competent authority in the Netherlands under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation).
1.4
The Guarantor has agreed to guarantee the payment of all sums expressed to be payable from time to time 
by the Issuer to Noteholders in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 102 ---
102
NOW THIS DEED OF GUARANTEE WITNESSES as follows:
1.
INTERPRETATION
1.1
Definitions
All terms and expressions which have defined meanings in the Base Prospectus, the Dealer Agreement or 
the Agency Agreement shall have the same meanings in this Deed of Guarantee except where the context 
requires otherwise or unless otherwise stated.
1.2
Clauses
Any reference in this Deed of Guarantee to a Clause is, unless otherwise stated, to a clause hereof.
1.3
Other agreements
All references in this Deed of Guarantee to an agreement, instrument or other document (including the Base 
Prospectus, the Dealer Agreement and the Agency Agreement) shall be construed as a reference to that 
agreement, instrument or other document as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated, extended, 
replaced or novated from time to time. In addition, in the context of any particular Tranche of Notes, each 
reference in this Deed of Guarantee to the Base Prospectus shall be construed as a reference to the Base 
Prospectus as supplemented and/or amended by the relevant Final Terms.
1.4
Legislation
Any reference in this Deed of Guarantee to any legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations or 
other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to such 
legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted.
1.5
Headings
Headings and sub-headings are for ease of reference only and shall not affect the construction of this Deed 
of Guarantee.
1.6
Benefit of Deed of Guarantee
Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Deed of Guarantee shall have the benefit 
of this Deed of Guarantee but shall not have the benefit of any subsequent guarantee relating to the 
Programme (unless expressly so provided in any such subsequent guarantee).
2.
GUARANTEE AND INDEMNITY
2.1
Guarantee and indemnity
The Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally by way of an independent guarantee (onafhankelijke 
garantie):
2.1.1
guarantees to each Noteholder punctual performance by the Issuer of the Issuer's obligations under 
the Notes;

--- Page 103 ---
103
2.1.2
undertakes with each Noteholder that whenever the Issuer does not pay any amount when due 
under or in connection with the Notes, it shall immediately on demand pay that Noteholder; and
2.1.3
agrees with each Noteholder that if any obligation guaranteed by it is or becomes unenforceable, 
invalid or illegal it will, as an independent and primary obligation, indemnify that Noteholder 
immediately on demand against any cost, loss or liability it incurs as a result of the Issuer not 
paying any amount which would, but for such unenforceability, invalidity or illegality, have been 
payable by it under the Conditions on the date when it would have been due.
3.
ACCESSION NEW GUARANTOR 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may nominate any institution as a new Guarantor hereunder in respect of the 
Programme, in which event, upon the accession of such institution by a deed of accession (a Deed of 
Accession) in the terms or substantially in the terms set out in Schedule 1 (Form of Guarantor Deed of 
Accession) hereto, such institution shall become a party hereto with all the authority, rights, powers, duties 
and obligations of a Guarantor as if originally named as a Guarantor hereunder.
4.
COMPLIANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS
The Guarantor covenants in favour of each Beneficiary that it will duly perform and comply with the 
obligations expressed to be undertaken by it in the Conditions, in respect of Notes issued and outstanding 
as at the date hereof and in respect of Notes issued under the Programme and outstanding after the date 
hereof.
5.
PRESERVATION OF RIGHTS
5.1
Principal obligor
The obligations of the Guarantor hereunder shall be deemed to be undertaken as principal obligor and not 
merely as surety.
5.2
Continuing obligations
The obligations of the Guarantor herein contained shall constitute and be continuing obligations 
notwithstanding any settlement of account or other matter or thing whatsoever and shall not be considered 
satisfied by any intermediate payment or satisfaction of all or any of the Issuer's obligations under or in 
respect of any Note and shall continue in full force and effect for so long as the Programme remains in effect 
and thereafter until all sums due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes have been paid, and all other actual 
or contingent obligations of the Issuer thereunder or in respect thereof have been satisfied, in full.
5.3
Obligations not discharged
Neither the obligations of the Guarantor herein contained nor the rights, powers and remedies conferred 
upon the Beneficiaries by this Deed of Guarantee or by law shall be discharged, impaired or otherwise 
affected by:
5.3.1
Winding up:  the winding up, dissolution, administration, re-organisation or moratorium of the 
Issuer or any change in its status, function, control or ownership;

--- Page 104 ---
104
5.3.2
Illegality:  any of the obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of any Note being or becoming 
illegal, invalid, unenforceable or ineffective in any respect;
5.3.3
Indulgence:  time or other indulgence (including for the avoidance of doubt, any composition) 
being granted or agreed to be granted to the Issuer in respect of any of its obligations under or in 
respect of any Note;
5.3.4
Amendment:  any amendment, novation, supplement, extension, (whether of maturity or otherwise) 
or restatement (in each case, however fundamental and of whatsoever nature) or replacement, 
waiver or release of, any obligation of the Issuer under or in respect of any Note or any security or 
other guarantee or indemnity in respect thereof including without limitation any change in the 
purposes for which the proceeds of the issue of any Note are to be applied and any extension of or 
any increase of the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any Note; or
5.3.5
Analogous events:  any other act, event or omission which, but for this sub-clause, might operate 
to discharge, impair or otherwise affect the obligations expressed to be assumed by the Guarantor 
herein or any of the rights, powers or remedies conferred upon the Beneficiaries or any of them by 
this Deed of Guarantee or by law.
5.4
Settlement conditional
Any settlement or discharge between the Guarantor and the Beneficiaries or any of them shall be conditional 
upon no payment to the Beneficiaries or any of them by the Issuer or any other person on the Issuer's behalf 
being avoided or reduced by virtue of any laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or similar 
laws of general application for the time being in force and, in the event of any such payment being so 
avoided or reduced, the Beneficiaries shall be entitled to recover the amount by which such payment is so 
avoided or reduced from the Guarantor subsequently as if such settlement or discharge had not occurred.
5.5
Exercise of Rights
No Beneficiary shall be obliged before exercising any of the rights, powers or remedies conferred upon it 
by this Deed of Guarantee or by law:
5.5.1
Demand:  to make any demand of the Issuer, save for the presentation of the relevant Note;
5.5.2
Take action:  to take any action or obtain judgment in any court against the Issuer; or
5.5.3
Claim or proof:  to make or file any claim or proof in a winding up or dissolution of the Issuer,
and (save as aforesaid) the Guarantor hereby expressly waives presentment, demand, protest and notice of 
dishonour in respect of any Note.
5.6
Deferral of Guarantor's rights
The Guarantor agrees that, so long as any sums are or may be owed by the Issuer in respect of any Note or 
the Issuer is under any other actual or contingent obligation thereunder or in respect thereof, the Guarantor

--- Page 105 ---
105
will not exercise any rights which the Guarantor may at any time have by reason of the performance by the 
Guarantor of its obligations hereunder:
5.6.1
Indemnity:  to be indemnified by the Issuer;
5.6.2
Contribution:  to claim any contribution from any other guarantor of the Issuer's obligations under 
or in respect of any Note; or
5.6.3
Subrogation:  to take the benefit (in whole or in part and whether by way of subrogation or 
otherwise) of any rights of any Beneficiary against the Issuer in respect of amounts paid by the 
Guarantor under this Deed of Guarantee or any security enjoyed in connection with any Note by 
any Beneficiary.
5.7
Pari passu
The Guarantor undertakes that its obligations hereunder will at all times rank at least pari passu with all 
other present and future unsecured obligations of the Guarantor, save for such obligations as may be 
preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application.
6.
DEPOSIT OF DEED OF GUARANTEE
This Deed of Guarantee and any Deed of Accession shall be deposited with and held by the Fiscal Agent 
for so long as the Programme remains in effect and thereafter until all the obligations of the Issuer under or 
in respect of the Notes have been discharged in full. The Guarantor hereby acknowledges the right of every 
Beneficiary to the production of this Deed of Guarantee.
7.
STAMP DUTIES
The Guarantor shall pay all stamp, registration and other taxes and duties (including any interest and 
penalties thereon or in connection therewith) which are payable upon or in connection with the execution 
and delivery of this Deed of Guarantee, and shall indemnify each Beneficiary against any claim, demand, 
action, liability, damages, cost, loss or expense (including, without limitation, legal fees and any applicable 
value added tax) which it incurs as a result or arising out of or in relation to any failure to pay or delay in 
paying any of the same.
8.
BENEFIT OF DEED OF GUARANTEE
8.1
Benefit
This Deed of Guarantee shall enure to the benefit of each Beneficiary and its (and any subsequent) 
successors and assigns, each of which shall be entitled severally to enforce this Deed of Guarantee against 
the Guarantor.
8.2
Offer and Acceptance
This Deed of Guarantee constitutes an irrevocable offer from the Guarantor in favour of the Noteholders 
from time to time, and each Noteholders shall be deemed to have accepted this irrevocable offer.

--- Page 106 ---
106
8.3
Assignment
The Guarantor shall not be entitled to assign or transfer all or any of its rights, benefits and obligations 
hereunder. Each Beneficiary shall be entitled to assign all or any of its rights and benefits hereunder.
9.
PARTIAL INVALIDITY
If at any time any provision hereof is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect under the 
laws of any jurisdiction, neither the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof 
nor the legality, validity or enforceability of such provision under the laws of any other jurisdiction shall in 
any way be affected or impaired thereby.
10.
NOTICES
10.1
Address for notices
All notices, demands and other communications to the Guarantor hereunder shall be made in writing (by 
letter or fax) and shall be sent to the Guarantor at:
De Boelelaan 759
1082 RS Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Fax:  
+ 0884561667
Attention:
Director
or to such other address or fax number or for the attention of such other person or department as the 
Guarantor has notified to the relevant Noteholders in the manner prescribed for the giving of notices in 
connection with the relevant Notes.
10.2
Effectiveness
Every notice, demand or other communication sent in accordance with Clause 9.1 (Address for notices) 
shall be effective upon receipt by the Guarantor; provided that any such notice, demand or other 
communication which would otherwise take effect after 4.00 p.m. on any particular day shall not take effect 
until 10.00 a.m. on the immediately succeeding business day in the place of the Guarantor.
11.
CURRENCY INDEMNITY
If any sum due from the Guarantor under this Deed of Guarantee or any order or judgment given or made 
in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the first currency) in which the same is payable 
under this Deed of Guarantee or such order or judgment into another currency (the second currency) for 
the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Guarantor, (b) obtaining an order or judgment 
in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to this Deed 
of Guarantee, the Guarantor shall indemnify each Beneficiary on demand against any loss suffered as a 
result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in 
question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such 
Beneficiary may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency 
upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or

--- Page 107 ---
107
proof. This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation from the other obligations under 
this Deed of Guarantee and shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action.
12.
LAW AND JURISDICTION
12.1
Governing law
This Deed of Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are 
governed by the laws of the Netherlands.
12.2
Courts of the Netherlands
The courts of the Netherlands have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a Dispute), arising out of or 
in connection with this Deed of Guarantee (including a dispute relating to the existence, validity or 
termination of this Deed of Guarantee or any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with 
this Deed of Guarantee) or the consequences of its nullity.
12.3
Appropriate forum
The Guarantor agrees that the court of first instance (rechtbank) in Amsterdam, the Netherlands is the most 
appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the 
contrary.
13.
MODIFICATION
The Agency Agreement contains provisions, including the convening meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders, relating to the modification of any 
provision of this Deed of Guarantee. Any such modification may be made by supplemental deed, as required 
if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution, and shall be binding on all Beneficiaries.
IN WITNESS whereof this Deed of Guarantee has been executed by the Guarantor and is intended to be and is 
hereby delivered on the date first before written.

--- Page 108 ---
108
EXECUTED as a deed
)
by VESTEDA FINANCE B.V.
)
acting by
)
[name]
)
EXECUTED as a deed
)
by CUSTODIAN VESTEDA FUND I B.V.
)
acting by
)
[name]
)

--- Page 109 ---
109
SCHEDULE 1
FORM OF GUARANTOR DEED OF ACCESSION
[New Guarantor]
[Address]
Dear Sirs, Madams,
Vesteda Finance B.V.
€2,500,000,000 
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Guaranteed by the Guarantor
We refer to our Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) for the issuance of notes, in 
connection with which we have entered into a deed of guarantee, as amended and restated on 1 October 2021 (the 
Deed of Guarantee). All terms and expressions which have defined meanings in the Deed of Guarantee shall have 
the same meanings in this letter except where the context requires otherwise or unless otherwise stated.
This is a Deed of Accession as referred to in Clause 3 (Accession New Guarantor) of the Deed of Guarantee. 
By the execution of this Deed of Accession, [New Guarantor] will have acceded as a Guarantor to the Deed of 
Guarantee, acknowledging that [New Guarantor] will receive and will be subject to all the authority, rights, powers, 
duties and obligations of a Guarantor as if originally named as a Guarantor in the Deed of Guarantee.
This Deed of Accession will be sent to the Fiscal Agent in accordance with Clause 6 (Deposit of Deed of Guarantee) 
of the Deed of Guarantee.
This Deed of Accession and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by 
Dutch law. The provisions of Clause 12 (Law and Jurisdiction) of the Deed of Guarantee shall apply to this Deed of 
Accession as if set out herein in full.
Yours faithfully
For and on behalf of
VESTEDA FINANCE B.V.
By:
For and on behalf of
CUSTODIAN VESTEDA FUND I B.V. 
By:

--- Page 110 ---
110
CONFIRMATION
Pursuant to Clause 3 (Accession New Guarantor) of the Deed of Guarantee and this Deed of Accession, we hereby 
accede as a Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee as of the date hereof.
For the purposes of Clause 10.1 (Address for notices) of the Deed of Guarantee our communication details are as set 
out below.
[NEW GUARANTOR]
By:
Date:
Address:
[          ]
Fax:
+ [number]
Attention:
[name or department]
[copies to:
(i)
all existing Guarantor[s] of the Programme;
(ii)
the existing Fiscal Agent.]

--- Page 111 ---
111
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR
General
Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V. was incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands as a private limited liability 
company (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) on 31 December 2012 and has its corporate 
seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and its registered office is at De Boelelaan 759, 1082 RS Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands with the following telephone number: 0884561666. Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V. is registered 
in the Commercial Register of the Chamber of Commerce under number 56605838. 
The articles of association of Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V. were last amended by notarial deed on 25 April 
2019 before P.C. Cramer-de Jong, civil law notary in Amsterdam.
Pursuant to article 3 of its articles of association, the corporate object of Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V. is to 
act as custodian of the Fund, a fund for the joint account of the participants (fonds voor gemene rekening) and 
in this capacity:
(a)
to acquire, hold, record and register all possible assets (including financial instruments, funds, balances 
and equivalents thereof), debts and interests by way of custody and to effect all possible transactions in 
connection therewith;
(b)
to exercise all rights attached to the assets, liabilities and interests that were placed in custody;
(c)
to provide security under contract law and under property law or to bind itself for its obligations and those 
of third parties and all that is connected therewith or may be conducive thereto, all to be interpreted in the 
broadest sense; and
(d)
to perform all acts which are related to the foregoing, arising from the foregoing or may be conducive 
thereto, including but not limited to, entering into agreements in which the foundation, under its 
responsibility, assigns its responsibilities wholly or partially to one or more third parties.
Issued share capital of Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V. 
The issued capital of Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V. amounts to €3,000, divided into 3,000 registered shares 
with a nominal value of €1 each, issued on 1 January 2013, which are currently all held by Stichting DRF I. 
The capital is fully issued and paid-up. Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V. does not have authorised but unissued 
capital.
Business 
Pursuant to its corporate purpose, Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V. acts solely as custodian of the Fund. Because 
of its corporate purpose, the Issuer does not have any markets in which it competes and therefore, the Issuer 
cannot make a statement regarding its competitive position in any markets.
Organisational structure
Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Stichting DRF I. Custodian Vesteda Fund I 
B.V. does not have any subsidiaries of its own. 
Management, Corporate governance
The Management Board of Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V. is formed by Vesteda Investment Management B.V. 
and the Management Board of the latter comprises of Gertjan van der Baan (CEO) and Frits Vervoort (CFO). 
In this capacity they, in effect, take board decisions at the level of Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V. The corporate 
seat of the sole managing director is in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and its registered office is at De Boelelaan

--- Page 112 ---
112
759, 1082 RS Amsterdam, the Netherlands with the following telephone number: 0884561666. Vesteda 
Investment Management B.V. is registered in the Commercial Register of the Chamber of Commerce under 
number 14071789. 
Please see “Organisation and staff” under “VESTEDA GROUP AND THE FUND – CORPORATE PROFILE 
AND BUSINESS”. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the Guarantor, the members of the managing 
board of Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V. and their private interests and or other duties.
No specific rules apply to Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V. under the Dutch corporate governance code, because 
the Dutch corporate governance code only applies to companies whose shares are listed.
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V. is aware) during the previous twelve months which may 
have, or have had in the recent past significant effects on Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V.’s and/or Vesteda 
Group’s financial position or profitability.
Material Contracts
Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V. has not entered in any material contract other than in the ordinary course of its 
business, which could result in any Fund entity (including Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V.) being under an 
obligation or entitlement that is material to the ability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to meet their respective 
obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
Recent Developments
In 2019, Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V., Custodian Vesteda Fund II B.V., Custodian Vesteda Fund III B.V., 
Custodian Vesteda Fund IV B.V. and Custodian Vesteda Fund V B.V. merged into one company, Vesteda Fund 
I B.V. All legal rights and obligations of Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V., Custodian Vesteda Fund II B.V., 
Custodian Vesteda Fund III B.V., Custodian Vesteda Fund IV B.V. and Custodian Vesteda Fund V B.V. were 
transferred into Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V.
Trend Information and Significant Changes
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V. since [31 
December 2020] and no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of Custodian 
Vesteda Fund I B.V. or of the Vesteda Group since [31 December 2020].
Auditors
The auditor of Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V. is Deloitte Accountants B.V.

--- Page 113 ---
113
TAXATION
TAXATION – NETHERLANDS
The following summary of the Dutch tax aspects is based on law, policy and jurisprudence as applicable in the 
Netherlands on the date of the issuance of this Base Prospectus. Future changes in law, whether retroactive or 
not, and changes in the lawful interpretation and application thereof may render this summary invalid. 
For the purpose of this summary, the term “corporation” includes any entity that is a taxable entity for Dutch 
corporate income tax purposes.
Where this summary refers to a holder of Notes or Coupons, such reference is restricted to an individual or 
corporation holding legal title to as well as an economic interest of Notes or Coupons or otherwise being 
regarded as owning Notes or Coupons for Dutch tax purposes. It is noted that for purposes of Dutch income, 
corporate, gift and inheritance tax, assets legally owned by a third party such as a trustee, foundation or similar 
entity, may be treated as assets owned by the (deemed) settlor, grantor or similar originator or the beneficiaries 
in proportion to their interest in such arrangement.
Where the summary refers to “The Netherlands” or “Dutch” it refers only to the European part of the Kingdom 
of the Netherlands.
The information given below neither is intended as a tax advice nor purports to describe all of the tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a prospective holder of the Notes or the Coupons. Prospective 
purchasers are advised to acquaint themselves with the overall tax consequences of purchasing, holding and/or 
selling the Notes or the Coupons.
The Issuer has been informed that under the current tax law and jurisprudence of the Netherlands: 
(A)
All payments by the Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons and any payment by a Guarantor under 
the Deed of Guarantee may – except in certain very specific cases as described below – be made without 
withholding of, or deduction for, or on account of any present taxes, duties, assessments or charges of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Netherlands, any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax provided the Notes or the Coupons will not be issued under such terms and 
conditions that the Notes or the Coupons actually function as equity of the Issuer, within the meaning of 
article 10(1)(d) of the Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969). 
(B)
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) interest due and payable to an affiliated 
(gelieerde) entity of the Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident (gevestigd) of a jurisdiction 
that is listed in the yearly updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative 
jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor 
belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the 
interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest payable for the main purpose or one of the main 
purposes to avoid taxation of another person and there are one or more artificial arrangements or 
transactions, or (iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence 
because such jurisdiction treats another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (hybrid 
mismatch), or (v) is not treated as resident anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), all within the meaning 
of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021).

--- Page 114 ---
114
(C)
A corporation being a holder of a Note or a Coupon, that derives income from such Note or Coupon or 
that realises a capital gain on the disposal, deemed disposal, exchange or redemption of a Note or a 
Coupon, will not be subject to any Dutch taxes on such income or such capital gain, unless: 
(i)
the holder is, or is deemed to be a tax resident of the Netherlands; or
(ii)
the holder is not a resident of the Netherlands but has an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, 
carried on through a (deemed) permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the 
Netherlands to which permanent establishment or permanent representative the Notes or the 
Coupons are attributable, or is (other than by way of securities) entitled to a share in the profits of 
an enterprise or a co-entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise, which is effectively managed in 
the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Note or Coupon is attributable; or
(iii) the holder is not a resident in the Netherlands and has a substantial interest or deemed substantial 
interest, as defined in Dutch tax law, in the Issuer and the holder holds such substantial interest in 
the Issuer with the main intention (or one of the main intentions) to avoid the levy of Dutch 
personal income tax with another person and the structure has not been set up on the basis of valid 
commercial reasons reflecting economic reality.
For the purposes of this paragraph (iii), a substantial interest is generally present if a corporation 
directly or indirectly, owns or has certain other rights over, shares constituting 5% or more of the 
Issuer’s aggregate issued share capital or, if the Issuer has several classes of shares, of the issued 
share capital of any class of shares or, if the Issuer has issued profit certificates, or profit certificates 
entitling them to at least 5% of the annual profit or to at least 5% of the liquidation proceeds. 
However, as the full aggregate issued share capital in the Issuer is held by Stichting 
Administratiekantoor Vesteda, which has issued depositary receipts for these shares to the Fund 
and the Issuer has not issued any profit certificates, a holder should not be subject to Dutch taxes 
on income and gains derived from the Notes or Coupon by virtue of holding a substantial interest 
in the Issuer.  
The statutory Dutch corporate income tax rates in 2021 are 15% for the first of €245,000 of taxable 
income and 25% for taxable income exceeding €245,000. 
An individual being a holder of a Note or a Coupon, who derives income from such Note or Coupon or 
who realises a gain on the disposal, deemed disposal, exchange or redemption of a Note or Coupon, will 
not be subject to any Dutch taxes on such income or such capital gain unless:
(i)
the holder is, or is deemed to be, a tax resident of the Netherlands; or
(ii)
the holder is not a tax resident of the Netherlands but has an enterprise, in whole or in part, carried 
on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands to which 
permanent establishment or permanent representative the Notes or the Coupons are attributable, or 
(iii) the holder is not a tax resident of the Netherlands but has a source of income from miscellaneous 
activities (resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) in the Netherlands, to which source the income 
and gains derived from the Notes or the Coupons are attributable, or

--- Page 115 ---
115
(iv)
the holder is not a resident of the Netherlands but is (other than as a shareholder) co-entitled to the 
net worth of an enterprise carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent 
representative in the Netherlands to which the Notes or the Coupons are attributable.
Individual holders who are not a tax resident of the Netherlands will only be subject to Dutch taxes on 
income and gains derived from the Note or Coupon in the circumstances set out in (ii), (iii) and (iv) 
above. Income and gains derived from the Notes or Coupons as specified under (ii), (iii) or (iv) above 
are subject to the Dutch income tax for individuals at rates up to a maximum rate of 49.5% (in 2021).
Income derived by an individual that is a tax resident of the Netherlands and provided the income and 
gains from the Note or Coupon is not attributable to (a) an enterprise of the holder or (b) to the net worth 
of an enterprise to which the holder is co-entitled other than as a shareholder or (c) a source of income 
of the holder that constitutes income from miscellaneous activities will be taxed on the basis of a deemed 
return on income from savings and investments (inkomen uit sparen en beleggen). For the year 2021, 
this deemed return is calculated at an average yield between 1.897% and 5.69% depending of the size 
of the holder’s yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the calendar year. This yield basis 
is determined as the (Euro denominated) net fair market value of the assets and liabilities attributable to 
the source of income from savings and investments reduced with a certain tax free basis. The deemed 
return on income from savings and investments is taxed at a flat rate of 31% (in 2021). 
If the income and gains from the Note or Coupon derived by a Dutch tax resident is attributable to (a) 
an enterprise of the holder, (b) an enterprise to whose profits the holder is entitled, or (c) to a source of 
income of the holder that constitutes income from miscellaneous activities, such income and gains is 
subject to the income tax for individuals at rates up to a maximum rate of 49.5% (in 2021).
A holder of a Note or a Coupon will not become or be deemed to become a tax resident of the Netherlands 
solely by reason of the execution, delivery and/or enforcement of the documents relating to the issue of 
the Notes, the issue of the Notes or the performance by the Issuer of its obligations under the Notes. 
(D)
No gift, or inheritance taxes will arise in the Netherlands in respect of the transfer or deemed transfer of 
a Note or a Coupon by way of a gift by, or on the death of, a holder who is not a resident or deemed 
resident of the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant provisions, provided that (i) the transfer is not 
construed as an inheritance or bequest or as a gift made by or on behalf of a person who, at the time of 
the gift or death, is or is deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions, and (ii) in the case of a gift of Notes or Coupons by an individual holder who at the date of 
the gift was neither resident nor deemed to be resident of the Netherlands, such individual holder does 
not die within 180 days after the date of the gift, while being resident or deemed to be resident of the 
Netherlands. For purposes of Dutch gift and inheritance tax, individuals who have the Dutch nationality 
will be deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands if they have been a resident of the Netherlands at any 
time during the 10 years preceding the date of the gift or their death. For purposes of Dutch gift tax, 
individuals will, irrespective of their nationality, be deemed to be resident of the Netherlands if they 
have been a resident of the Netherlands at any time during the 12 months preceding the date of the gift.
(E)
There will be no registration tax, customs duty, stamp duty, property transfer tax or any other similar tax 
or duty (other than court fees) due in the Netherlands in respect of or in connection with the issue, 
transfer and/or delivery of the Notes or Coupons or the execution, delivery and/or enforcement by legal

--- Page 116 ---
116
proceedings of the Relevant Documents or the performance of the Issuer’s obligations thereunder or 
under the Notes.
(F) No value added tax will be due in the Netherlands in respect of payments in consideration of the issue of 
the Notes, and/or in respect of payments of interest and principal on a Note or Coupon, and/or in respect of 
the transfer of a Note or a Coupon, and/or in connection with the Relevant Documents or in connection with 
the arrangements contemplated thereby, other than value added tax on the fees payable for services which 
are not expressly exempt from VAT, such as management, administrative, notarial and similar activities, 
safekeeping of the Notes or the Coupons and the handling and verifying of documents.
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (FATCA) impose a new reporting 
regime and potentially a 30% withholding tax with respect to certain payments to (i) any non-U.S. financial 
institution (a "foreign financial institution", or FFI (as defined by FATCA)) that does not become a 
Participating FFI by entering into an agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to provide the 
IRS with certain information in respect of its account holders and investors or is not otherwise exempt from or 
in deemed compliance with FATCA and (ii) any investor (unless otherwise exempt from FATCA) that does 
not provide information sufficient to determine whether the investor is a U.S. person or should otherwise be 
treated as holding a "United States Account" of the relevant FFI (a Recalcitrant Holder). The Issuer may be 
classified as an FFI.
The withholding regime is in effect for payments from sources within the United States and will apply to foreign 
passthru payments (a term not yet defined). This withholding would potentially apply to payments in respect 
of any Notes that are issued after the grandfathering date, which is the date that is six months after the date 
on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the term foreign passthru payment are filed with the Federal 
Register, or which are materially modified after the grandfathering date. If Notes are issued on or before the 
grandfathering date, and additional Notes of the same series are issued on or after that date, the additional Notes 
may not be treated as grandfathered, which may have negative consequences for the existing Notes, including 
a negative impact on market price. 
The United States and a number of other jurisdictions have entered into intergovernmental agreements to 
facilitate the implementation of FATCA (each, an IGA). Pursuant to FATCA and the "Model 1" and "Model 
2" IGAs released by the United States, an FFI in an IGA signatory country could be treated as a Reporting FI 
not subject to withholding under FATCA on any payments it receives. Further, an FFI in an IGA jurisdiction 
generally would not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA (or any law implementing an IGA) (any 
such withholding being FATCA withholding) from payments it makes. Under each Model IGA, a Reporting 
FI would still be required to report certain information in respect of its account holders and investors to its home 
government or to the IRS. The United States and the Netherlands have entered into an IGA based largely on 
the Model 1 IGA (the US-Netherlands IGA).
If the Issuer is treated as an FFI, the Issuer expects to be treated as a Reporting FI pursuant to the US-
Netherlands IGA and does not anticipate being obliged to deduct any FATCA withholding on payments it 
makes. There can be no assurance, however, that the Issuer will be treated as a Reporting FI, or that it would in 
the future not be required to deduct FATCA withholding from payments it makes. If the Issuer becomes a 
Participating FFI, the Issuer and financial institutions through which payments on the Notes are made may be 
required to withhold FATCA withholding if (i) any FFI through or to which payment on such Notes is made is 
not a Participating FFI, a Reporting FI, or otherwise exempt from or in deemed compliance with FATCA or (ii) 
an investor is a Recalcitrant Holder.

--- Page 117 ---
117
Whilst the Notes are in global form and held within the ICSDs, it is expected that FATCA will not affect the 
amount of any payments made under, or in respect of, the Notes by the Issuer, any paying agent, a Common 
Depositary or a Common Safekeeper, given that each of the entities in the payment chain between the Issuer 
and the participants in the clearing systems is a major financial institution whose business is dependent on 
compliance with FATCA and that any alternative approach introduced under an IGA will be unlikely to affect 
the Notes. The documentation expressly contemplates the possibility that the Notes may go into definitive form 
and therefore that they may be taken out of the ICSDs. If this were to happen, then a non-FATCA compliant 
holder could be subject to FATCA withholding. However, definitive notes will only be printed in remote 
circumstances.
FATCA is particularly complex and its application is uncertain at this time. The above description is 
based in part on regulations, official guidance and the US-Netherlands IGA, all of which are subject to 
change or may be implemented in a materially different form. Prospective investors should consult their 
tax advisers on how these rules may apply to the Issuer and to payments they may receive in connection 
with the Notes.
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (FTT)
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission has published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate and on 16 March 2016 it completed the formalities required to leave the enhanced co-operation on 
FTT.
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of the 
Notes should, however, be exempt.
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State.
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and the 
scope of any such tax is uncertain. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.
TAX STATUS OF THE FUND
The following summary is based on Dutch laws, policy and case law as in force on the date of the issuance of this 
Base Prospectus. Future changes in law, whether retroactive or not, and changes in the lawful interpretation and 
application thereof may render this summary invalid.

--- Page 118 ---
118
Introduction 
The Fund is a fund for joint account (fonds voor gemene rekening) under Dutch law. The Fund consists of the assets 
and liabilities of the Fund held and managed in accordance with the Fund Terms and Conditions. The Fund Terms 
and Conditions govern the rights and obligations between the Fund Manager, the custodian and a participant.
Taxation of the Fund
The Fund qualifies as a transparent fund for joint account for Dutch corporate income tax (vennootschapsbelasting) 
and Dutch dividend withholding tax (dividendbelasting) purposes, provided all relevant parties act in accordance 
with the Fund Terms and Conditions. The Fund Terms and Conditions specify (amongst others) that the Participation 
Rights – including the beneficial ownership thereof – cannot be transferred or assigned by the participants, except 
by way of redemption. Only the Fund Manager issues and redeems Participation Rights. 
The consequences of the tax transparency of the Fund are as follows. For Dutch corporate income tax purposes, the 
Fund itself is not a taxable person. All assets and liabilities of the Fund as well as all income and (capital) gains 
derived by the Fund are directly attributed to its participants in proportion to the number of Participation Rights held 
by the respective participant. Consequently, the participants in the Fund are subject to Dutch corporate income tax 
for their pro rata share in income derived by, and capital gains realised on the Fund’s assets and liabilities.
For Dutch dividend withholding tax purposes, no Dutch dividend withholding tax is due on distributions made by 
the Fund to its participants.
Since the Fund is not a legal person (rechtspersoon), the Fund itself cannot be the legal and/or beneficial owner of a 
Property for Dutch real estate transfer tax (overdrachtsbelasting) purposes. As a result, the Fund itself is considered 
transparent for Dutch real estate transfer tax purposes as well and in that capacity not liable for Dutch real estate 
transfer tax. The legal ownership of the Properties of the Fund is held by a separate legal person, being the Guarantor, 
in its capacity of custodian for the Fund. 
The tax transparency of the Fund for Dutch corporate income tax, Dutch real estate transfer tax and Dutch dividend 
withholding tax purposes has been confirmed by the Dutch tax authorities in private letter rulings. 
If the Fund should lose its tax transparency, this would make the Fund an entity liable to Dutch corporate income 
tax. The Dutch corporate income tax rate for 2021 is 15% for the first €245,000 of taxable income and 25% for 
taxable income exceeding €245,000. In addition, loss of tax transparency would make the Fund in principle liable to 
Dutch dividend withholding tax on distributions. The statutory Dutch dividend withholding tax rate in 2021 is 15%. 
The Fund would, for example, lose its tax transparency if certain amendments were made to the Fund Terms and 
Conditions in relation to the alienation of Participation Rights or if the participants in the Fund would not act in line 
with the Fund Terms and Conditions in relation to the alienation of Participation Rights. This may result in an extra 
risk for the Guarantor which may affect its ability to repay certain intercompany loans granted by the Issuer to the 
Guarantor and hence the Issuer’s ability to repay the Notes. 
VAT aspects of the Fund
The Fund together with Guarantor, the Fund Manager and Vesteda Project Development B.V. are considered as one 
VAT entrepreneur (VAT fiscal unity, the VAT Fiscal Unity). The Dutch tax authorities confirmed the existence of 
the VAT Fiscal Unity in a formal decision. To form a VAT fiscal unity, the entities must be sufficiently connected 
in an economic, financial and organizational manner. If this is not (or no longer) the case, the services provided by 
the Fund Manager to the Fund may become subject to Dutch value added tax as provided for in the Dutch Value 
Added Tax Act 1968 (Wet op de omzetbelasting 1968) and any other tax of a similar nature (VAT), unless exemptions

--- Page 119 ---
119
are applicable. This may result in an additional risk for the Guarantor which may affect its ability to repay certain 
intercompany loans granted by the Issuer to the Guarantor and hence the Issuer’s ability to repay the Notes.
All members of a VAT fiscal unity are jointly and severally liable for Dutch VAT due by any member of the fiscal 
unity. In its capacity of custodian for the Fund, the Guarantor is accountable for VAT liabilities of the VAT Fiscal 
Unity for which it can be held jointly and severally liable. 
Taxation of the Issuer
The Issuer, acting as the financing company for the Fund, is a private limited liability company (besloten 
vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands. As such, the Issuer 
is deemed to carry out a business undertaking by law and is subject to Dutch corporate income tax on its worldwide 
income. 
Dutch corporate income tax is levied on the taxable amount. This is the taxable profits made in a year less deductible 
expenses, i.e. the net taxable income of the Issuer, and carry forward tax losses, if any. It is agreed in an Advance 
Pricing Agreement concluded with the Dutch tax authorities that the net taxable income of the Issuer will consist of 
the (handling) fee earned by the Issuer for its intercompany financing activities minus tax deductible expenses 
allocable to the intercompany financing activities. In principle, the (handling) fee is calculated as a fixed percentage 
rate that is added to the interest rate on the outstanding loan amounts of the Issuer. 
The Dutch corporate income tax rate for 2021 is levied from the Issuer at the ordinary Dutch corporate income tax 
rates. The Issuer is not included in a fiscal unity for Dutch corporate income tax purposes and is therefore individually 
taxed.
Dividends distributed by the Issuer are in principle subject to 15% (in 2021) Dutch dividend withholding tax.
In principle the Advance Pricing Agreement will remain in force until the end of December 2023. After this date, the 
(handling) fee for the services provided by the Issuer to the Fund should be renegotiated with the Dutch tax authorities 
and may increase. This may result in an extra risk for the Guarantor which may affect its ability to repay certain 
intercompany loans granted by the Issuer to the Guarantor and hence the Issuer’s ability to repay the Notes.
Taxation of the Guarantor
The Guarantor, acting as custodian for the Fund, is a private limited liability company (besloten vennootschap met 
beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands. As such, the Guarantor is deemed to 
carry out a business undertaking by law and is subject to Dutch corporate income tax on its worldwide income. 
Dutch corporate income tax is levied on the taxable amount. This is the taxable profits made in a year less deductible 
expenses, i.e. the net taxable income of the Guarantor, and carry forward tax losses, if any. The net taxable income 
of the Guarantor will consist of the (custodian) fee earned by the Guarantor for its activities in its capacity of 
custodian for the Fund decreased with some corporate expenses. 
The Dutch corporate income tax is levied from the Guarantor at the ordinary Dutch corporate income tax rates. The 
Guarantor is not included in a fiscal unity for corporate income tax purposes and is therefore individually taxed.
Dividends distributed by the Guarantor is in principle subject to 15% (in 2021) Dutch dividend withholding tax.
Fund Manager / Vesteda Project Development B.V. / Vesteda Services B.V. / Stichting Administratiekantoor Vesteda
Both the Fund Manager, Vesteda Project Development B.V. and Vesteda Services B.V. are private limited liability 
companies (besloten vennootschappen met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under the laws of the

--- Page 120 ---
120
Netherlands. As such, both entities are deemed to carry out a business undertaking by law and are subject to Dutch 
corporate income tax on their worldwide income. 
Dutch corporate income tax is levied on the taxable amount. This is the taxable profits made in a year less deductible 
expenses i.e. the net taxable income, and carry forward tax losses. The Dutch corporate income tax is levied from 
the Fund Manager, Vesteda Project Development B.V. and Vesteda Services B.V. at the ordinary Dutch corporate 
income tax rate. The Fund Manager, Vesteda Project Development B.V. and Vesteda Services B.V. are not included 
in a fiscal unity for Dutch corporate income tax and are therefore individually taxed. 
Dividends distributed by the Fund Manager and/or Vesteda Project Development B.V. are in principle subject to 
15% (in 2021) Dutch dividend withholding tax.
Stichting Administratiekantoor Vesteda is not considered a taxpayer for Dutch corporate income tax purposes as it 
is not carrying out a business undertaking. This has been confirmed by the Dutch tax authorities in a private letter 
ruling.
See the section Vesteda Group and the Fund – Corporate Profile and Business for a description of the group structure 
of the Fund.
Real estate transfer tax aspects of the Fund
In principle, the acquisition or expansion of an interest in the Fund by a participant is considered as the acquisition 
of the beneficial ownership of the underlying Dutch properties by that participant. Such acquisition is subject to 
Dutch real estate transfer tax at a rate of 8% (in 2021) of the fair market value of the Dutch Properties, represented 
by the Participation Rights, at the time the Participation Rights are acquired. 
The acquisition or expansion of an interest in a real estate entity, not being a legal person, is not subject to Dutch real 
estate transfer tax, provided that an interest of less than one third is acquired and/or expanded by a participant in such 
entity (together with interests already held or acquired by related parties of that participant), whereby the Fund 
qualifies as an investment fund as defined in the Wft. The latter has been confirmed by the Dutch tax authorities in 
a private letter ruling.
Local real estate taxes
The Fund is subject to municipal property tax (onroerende-zaakbelasting). The municipal property tax is in fact 
charged to the legal owner of the Properties which is a separate legal person, being the Guarantor, in its capacity of 
custodian for the Fund. This annual property tax (hereinafter referred to as Ozb) includes an owner tax and, only in 
case of non-residential property, a user tax. The tax, set by the municipal tax authorities, is calculated as a percentage 
of the value of the property, which value is determined in accordance with the Valuation of Immovable Property Act 
(Wet waardering onroerende zaken) (hereinafter referred to as WOZ-value). 
The WOZ-value is determined by the municipal tax authorities annually, based on the assumption that the respective 
property is freehold and free of lease. The decision concerned is open to appeal.
Landlord taxation
The Fund is subject to a so-called ‘Landlord Levy’ (verhuurderheffing). The Landlord Levy only regards the 
ownership of residential properties in the regulated sector (this means a monthly rent below €752.33 (in 2021)). The 
levy amounts to 0.526% for 2021 of the total WOZ-value of all the residential property in the regulated sector reduced 
by 50 times the average WOZ-value per property.

--- Page 121 ---
121
The Land Levy is calculated based on the WOZ-value of each property, with in 2021 a maximum of €315,000 per 
property (this limit is indexed annually).
Mandatory Disclosure Rules (MDR)/DAC6
On 25 May 2018, the Council of the European Union (“EU”) adopted an amendment to Directive 2011/16/EU on 
mandatory automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation in relation to reportable cross-border 
arrangements. This was the sixth update of the Directive and is therefore also referred to as DAC6. Under the new 
rules of the Directive, EU intermediaries, such as tax advisors and accountants who make cross-border arrangements 
available or are involved in the implementation process are required to report potentially aggressive tax arrangements 
to their local tax authorities. In specific cases this reporting obligation will even shift to the taxpayer. Information 
with regard to reported arrangements will be automatically exchanged by the competent authority of each EU 
jurisdiction every 3 months. Under the Directive, a cross-border arrangement has to be reported if it refers to any (i) 
cross-border arrangement (ii) which bears one or more of the hallmarks listed in the Directive, (iii) where in certain 
instances the main or expected benefit of the arrangement is a tax advantage and (iv) concerns at least one EU 
jurisdiction. 
Vesteda or its intermediaries involved may be legally obliged to notify tax authorities of certain types of cross-border 
arrangements and of proposals to implement such arrangements.

--- Page 122 ---
122
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
The Dealers have, in a Dealer Agreement (such Dealer Agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the Dealer Agreement) dated 1 October 2021 agreed with the Issuer and the 
Guarantor a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such 
agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes". In the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer (failing which, the Guarantor) has agreed to reimburse the Dealers 
for certain of their expenses in connection with the update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith.
United States
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its territories or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of an identifiable tranche of which 
such Notes are a part within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer 
has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or 
other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act.
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Notes, an offer 
or sale of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the 
purposes of this provision:
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 123 ---
123
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes.
United Kingdom
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation); and
(b)
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes.
Other regulatory restrictions
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:
(a)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 124 ---
124
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or 
indirectly, offered and sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and 
Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
The Netherlands
Zero Coupon Notes in definitive bearer form and other Notes in definitive bearer form on which interest does 
not become due and payable during their term but only at maturity (savings certificates or spaarbewijzen as 
defined in the Netherlands Savings Certificates Act or Wet inzake spaarbewijzen, the SCA) may only be 
transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the mediation of 
either the Issuer or a member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. with due observance of the provisions of the SCA 
and its implementing regulations (which include registration requirements). No such mediation is required, 
however, in respect of (i) the initial issue of such Notes to the first holders thereof, (ii) the transfer and 
acceptance by individuals who do not act in the conduct of a profession or business and (iii) the issue and 
trading of such Notes if they are physically issued outside the Netherlands and are not immediately thereafter 
distributed in the Netherlands.
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and 
that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure 
or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.
General
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer, the Guarantor, nor any of the 
other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor.
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 125 ---
125
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, duly supplemented 
(if necessary), amended (if necessary), replaced (if necessary) and completed to reflect the particular terms of the 
relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final 
Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA43. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Professional investors and ECPs only target 
market: Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Professional investors and ECPs only 
target market: Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, 
as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.

--- Page 126 ---
126
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
Final Terms dated [•]
VESTEDA FINANCE B.V.
(incorporated with limited liability in the Netherlands with its statutory seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands)
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 72450072M9HBDGD2GH67
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
under the €2,500,000,000 Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme
[The Notes will only be admitted to trading on [insert name of relevant QI market/segment], which is [an EEA 
regulated market/a specific segment of an EEA regulated market] (as defined in MiFID II), to which only qualified 
investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and shall not be offered or sold to non-qualified 
investors.]1
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) set 
forth in the Base Prospectus dated 1 October 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated []] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein which have been prepared for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction 
with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all relevant information. 
The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to it] and the Final Terms have been published on 
http://www.vesteda.com/en/about-vesteda/investor relations/. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) set 
forth in the Base Prospectus dated [] 20[] [and the supplement[s] to it dated []] which are incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus dated 1 October 2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the 
Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 1 October 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it 
dated [] [and []] which together constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the 
1 Legend to be included for Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) which will only be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors can have access.

--- Page 127 ---
127
Base Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all 
the relevant information. 
The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to it] and the Final Terms have been published on 
http://www.vesteda.com/en/about-vesteda/investor relations/. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.]
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information constitute 
"significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation].
1.
(i)
Issuer:
Vesteda Finance B.V.
(ii)
Guarantor: 
Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V.
2.
[(i)
Series Number:]
[     ]
[(ii)
Tranche Number:]
[     ]
[(iii)
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible).]
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single Series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [insert description of the 
earlier 
Tranche] 
on 
[insert 
date/the 
Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 24 below [which is expected to occur 
on or about [insert date]]].]
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[     ]
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
[     ]
[(i)]
[Series]:
[     ]
[(ii)
Tranche:
[    ]]
5.
Issue Price:
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)]
6.
(i)
Specified Denominations:
[   ]
(Where multiple denominations above €100,000 (or 
equivalent) are being used the following sample 
wording should be followed unless they are to be 
admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a 
specific segment of a regulated market, to which only 
qualified investors have access: "[€100,000] (or the

--- Page 128 ---
128
relevant higher denomination) and integral multiples 
of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]. No Notes in definitive form will be 
issued with a denomination above [€199,000] ")
(ii)
Calculation Amount:
[ ] (If only one Specified Denomination, the Specified 
Denomination. 
If 
more 
than 
one 
Specified 
Denomination insert the largest common factor)
7.
(i)
Issue Date:
[ ]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date:
[Issue Date / specify / Not Applicable (for Zero 
Coupon Notes)]
8.
Maturity Date:
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year]
9.
Interest Basis:
[• per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[Specify reference rate] +/– • per cent. Floating 
Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
 (further particulars specified below)
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount] 
11.
Change of Interest Basis:
[Applicable/Not applicable][specify the date when 
any fixed to floating rate change occurs or refer to 
paragraphs 14 and 15 below and specify there]
12.
Put/Call Options:
[Investor Put] / [Put Option – Change of Control]
[Call Option]
[Issuer Refinancing Call]
[Make-whole Redemption]
[Issuer Residual Call]
[Not Applicable]
[(further particulars specified below)]
13.
(i)
Status of the Notes:
Senior
(ii)
Status of the Guarantee
Senior
[(iii)]
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes and Guarantee obtained:
[ ] [and [ ], respectively 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes or related Guarantee)]

--- Page 129 ---
129
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[  ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[   ] in each year
(iii)
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:
[   ] per Calculation Amount
(iv)
Broken Amount(s):
[  ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 
or 
Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] [30/360], [30E/360 or Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
(vi)
Determination Dates:
[•] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))]
15.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Interest Period(s)
[    ], [subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified in (iv) below] / 
[not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (iv) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]
(ii)
Specified Period:
[    ]
(iii)
[First Interest Payment Date]:
[    ]]
(iv)
Business Day Convention:
[Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ Preceding 
Business Day Convention/ FRN Convention / 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
/ 
Eurodollar 
Convention][Not applicable]
(v)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details]
(vi)
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]

--- Page 130 ---
130
(vii)
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal Agent):
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need to 
specify if the Fiscal Agent is to perform this 
function)]
(viii)
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph)
•
Reference Rate:
[• month EURIBOR]
•
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[    ]
•
Relevant Time:
[    ]
•
Relevant Screen Page:
[For example, Reuters  EURIBOR 01]
(ix)
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph)
•
ISDA Definitions 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions]
(The 2021 ISDA Definitions should not be selected 
before their effective date of 4 October 2021)
•
Floating Rate Option:
[         ]
(Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in 
the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions))
•
Designated Maturity:
[         ]/[Not Applicable]
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
•
Reset Date:
[         ]
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the interest period)
(x)
Margin(s):
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum
(xi)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[   ] per cent. per annum
(xii)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[   ] per cent. per annum
(xiii)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 
or 
Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] [30/360], [30E/360 or Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
16.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 131 ---
131
(i)
Accrual Yield:
[   ] per cent. per annum
(ii)
Reference Price:
[   ]
(iii)
Day Count Fraction
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 
or 
Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]  
[Actual/360] [30/360], [30E/360 or Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
17.
Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call):
[   ]
(ii)
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
(Call) of each Note and method, if 
any, of calculation of such amount(s):
[   ] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
If redeemable in part:
(a)
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount
(b)
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount
[    ] per Calculation Amount
(iv)
Notice period:
[    ]
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent)
18.
Issuer Refinancing Call
[Applicable / Not Applicable]
(if not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Date from which Issuer Refinancing 
Call may be exercised:
[      ]
(ii)
If redeemable in part:
(a)Minimum Redemption Amount:
[   ] per Calculation Amount
(b)Maximum Redemption Amount:
[   ] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
Notice period:
[      ]

--- Page 132 ---
132
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer will 
consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent)
19.
Make-whole Redemption
[Applicable / Not Applicable]
(if not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Make-whole Redemption Date:
[   ]
(ii)
If redeemable in part:
(a)
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[   ] per Calculation Amount
(b)
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[   ] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
Notice period:
[   ]
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer will 
consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent)
(iv)
Parties to whom notice shall be given:
[   ]
(N.B. Specify parties other than Fiscal Agent and 
Quotation Agent)
(v)
Make-whole Redemption Margin
[    ]
(vi)
Discounting basis
[annual / semi-annual / quarterly] 
(vii)
Quotation Agent
[    ]
(viii)
Reference Dealers
[    ]
(ix)
Reference Security
[    ]
20.
Issuer Residual Call
[Applicable / Not Applicable]
(if not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Notice period:
[    ]
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer will 
consider the practicalities of distribution of

--- Page 133 ---
133
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent)
(ii)
Residual Call Early Redemption 
Amount:
[    ] per Calculation Amount
21.
Put Option
[Applicable/Applicable on Change of Control only 
/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put):
[   ]
(ii)
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
(Put) of each Note and method, if any, 
of calculation of such amount(s):
[   ] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
Notice period:
[   ]
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent.)
22.
Final Redemption Amount of each Note
[  • ] [Par] per Calculation Amount
23.
Early Redemption Amount 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of default or other early 
redemption and/or the method of calculating 
the same (if required or if different from that 
set out in the Conditions):
[  • ] [Par] per Calculation Amount
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
24.
Form of Notes:
Bearer Notes:
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes]

--- Page 134 ---
134
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]
(N.B. The exchange on [•] days' notice/ at any time 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes in sub 
paragraph 6(i) includes language to the following 
effect: "[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]." 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issue of Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes).
[Definitive Notes]
25.
New Global Note:
[Yes/No] 
(If "No" is specified here ensure that "Not 
Applicable" is specified for Eurosystem eligibility in 
the relevant paragraph of section 6 of Part B of the 
Final Terms and if "Yes" is specified here ensure that 
the appropriate specification is made in respect of 
Eurosystem eligibility in the relevant paragraph of 
section 6 of Part B of the Final Terms.)
26.
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment dates:
[Not Applicable/Amsterdam/give details. 
Note that this paragraph relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not interest period end dates, 
to which sub paragraph 15 (v) relates]
27.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature):
[Yes/No. If yes, give details]
28.
[Consolidation provisions:
Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 17 
(Further Issues)] [annexed to this Final Terms] 
apply]
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). [Each of the] [The] Issuer [and the 
Guarantor] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able 
to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]
Signed on behalf of Vesteda Finance B.V.:
By:
............................................

--- Page 135 ---
135
Duly authorised

--- Page 136 ---
136
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING
(i)
Listing:
[Euronext in Amsterdam / [  ] (specify) / None]
(ii)
Admission to trading:
[Application is has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[Euronext in Amsterdam/[  ] (specify)] with effect from [ 
].]
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[Euronext in Amsterdam /[  ] (specify)] with effect from 
[ ].] 
[Not Applicable.]
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.)
(iii)
Estimated Total Expenses relating 
to admission to trading:
[  ]
2.
RATINGS
Ratings:
[The Notes to be issued [have been / are expected to be] 
rated:
[S&P: [ ]]
[Moody's: [ ]]
[Fitch: [ ]]
[[Other]: [ ]]
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.]
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically 
rated, that rating.)
(Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable:)
[(Insert full legal name of credit rating agency entity) is 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended.]

--- Page 137 ---
137
[(Insert full legal name of credit rating agency entity) is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]
[(Insert full legal name of credit rating agency entity) is 
not established in the EEA and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended, although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority.]
[(Insert full legal name of credit rating agency entity) is 
not established in the UK and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, although notification of 
the corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the UK Financial Conduct Authority.]
[(Insert full legal name of credit rating agency entity) is 
established in the EEA and is neither registered nor has 
it applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended.]
[(Insert full legal name of credit rating agency entity) is 
established in the UK and is neither registered nor has it 
applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018,]
[(Insert full legal name of credit rating agency entity) is 
not established in the EEA but the rating is has given to 
the Notes is endorsed by (insert full legal name of credit 
rating agency entity), which is established in the EEA 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended.]
[(Insert full legal name of credit rating agency entity) is 
not established in the UK but the rating is has given to 
the Notes is endorsed by (insert full legal name of credit 
rating agency entity), which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.]
[(Insert full legal name of credit rating agency entity) is 
not established in the EEA, but is certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended.]

--- Page 138 ---
138
[(Insert full legal name of credit rating agency entity) is 
not established in the UK, but is certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018.]
[(Insert full legal name of credit rating agency entity) is 
not established in the EEA and is not certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended  (the EU 
CRA Regulation), and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation.]
[(Insert full legal name of credit rating agency entity) is 
not established in the UK and is not certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation), and 
the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.]
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement:)
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers]/[Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers]/[Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and the Guarantor and their 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business.]/[Not Applicable] (Amend as appropriate if there are 
other interests)
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]
4.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS
(i) Reasons for the offer: 
[ ]
(See section 'Use of Proceeds' wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from making 
profit, hedging certain risks and/or refinancing of 
existing debt will need to include those reasons here.) 
(In case Green Bonds are issued, the category and

--- Page 139 ---
139
prescribed eligibility criteria of Eligible Assets must be 
specified)
(ii) Use of Proceeds:
[ ]
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.)
(iii) Estimated net proceeds:
[ ]
5.
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD
Indication of yield:
[ ]
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. ]
6.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
(i) 
ISIN Code:
[ ]
(ii) 
Common Code:
[ ]
(iii) 
CFI
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
(iv) 
FISN
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
(v) 
[other relevant code]:
[  ]
(vi) 
New Global Note intended to be 
held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility:
[Yes. Note that the designation "Yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
common safe-keeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria.]
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the

--- Page 140 ---
140
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be 
deposited 
with 
Euroclear 
or 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as common safe-keeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]
(vii)
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)[and 
address(es)]]
(viii)
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
(ix)
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agent(s):
[]
(x)
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
[]/[Not Applicable]
7.
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If syndicated, names of Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(iii)
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any):
[Not Applicable/give name]
(iv)
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name]
(v)
U.S. Selling restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/TEFRA D/ 
TEFRA not applicable]
(vi)
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers:
[Not Applicable/ Applicable]
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 141 ---
141
GENERAL INFORMATION
(1)
Application may be made to Euronext for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing 
on Euronext Amsterdam. The listing of the Notes on Euronext Amsterdam will be expressed as a 
percentage of their nominal amount (exclusive of accrued interest). It is expected that each Tranche of 
the Notes which is to be admitted to listing on Euronext Amsterdam will be admitted separately as and 
when issued, subject only to the issue of a temporary or permanent Global Note in respect of each 
Tranche. Prior to official listing and admission to trading, however, dealings may be permitted by 
Euronext in accordance with its rules. Transactions will normally be effected for delivery on the third 
working day after the day of the transaction. However, unlisted Notes may also be issued pursuant to 
the Programme.
(2)
The Issuer and the Guarantor have obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the 
Netherlands in connection with the establishment of the Programme and the Guarantee. The update of 
the Programme was authorised by resolutions of the management board of the Issuer passed on 30 
September 2021 and by resolutions of the management board of the Guarantor passed on 30 September 
2021.
(3)
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer and the Guarantor the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information.
(4)
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or 
of the Vesteda Group since 31 December 2020 and no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuer or of the Fund since 31 December 2020. 
(5)
Each Note (other than Temporary Global Notes) where TEFRA D is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and its corresponding Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: “Any United States 
person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, 
including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”.
(6)
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant 
clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any 
alternative clearing system will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(7)
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is 72450072M9HBDGD2GH67 and the Guarantor Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI) is 724500YVNMNZMZFQUO84.
(8)
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s and the 
Guarantor’s business, which could result in any entity of the Fund being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s and the Guarantor’s ability to meet their respective obligations 
to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued.

--- Page 142 ---
142
(9)
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has 
been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer and the Guarantor are aware and are able to ascertain 
from the information published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified 
where used. 
(10)
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the relevant 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. 
(11)
The Issuer may provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes on the following 
webpage: 
https://www.vesteda.com/en/corporate/investment/debt/emtn-programme. 
For 
more 
information in respect of Green Bonds issued by the Issuer, please refer to the Vesteda Green Finance 
Framework 
and 
any 
Second 
Party 
Opinion 
available 
on 
the 
following 
webpage: 
https://www.vesteda.com/en/corporate/investment/debt/green-bond-programme. The contents of this 
webpage, any Second Party Opinion and the Vesteda Green Finance Framework do not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and are not incorporated by reference in it.
(12)
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents will be 
available, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays 
excepted), 
for 
inspection 
from 
https://www.vesteda.com/en/corporate/investment/debt/emtn-
programme/incorporated-by-reference:
(i)
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Notes, the 
Coupons and the Talons);
(ii)
the Deed of Guarantee;
(iii)
the articles of association (statuten) of the Issuer and the Guarantor and the English translations 
thereof;
(iv)
the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2020, respectively, the audited non-consolidated annual 
financial statements of each of the Guarantor for the year ended 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2020, respectively, and audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Fund 
for the year ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020, respectively;
(v)
the most recently available published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor and the most recently available published interim financial statements of the Issuer 
and the Guarantor (if any);
(vi)
each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading 
on a regulated market within the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic 
Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent as to its holding of Notes and 
identity); and
(vii)
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus.
(13)
The audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2020, the audited financial statements of the Guarantor for the financial years ended 31

--- Page 143 ---
143
December 2019 and 31 December 2020 and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Fund 
for the financial year ended financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020, in each 
case incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, were audited by Deloitte Accountants B.V., 
independent auditors, as stated in its reports thereon appearing in the accounts incorporated by reference.
Each of the independent auditor’s reports for 2019 and 2020 is unqualified. The auditor of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the Fund is independent of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Fund. The independent 
auditor’s report included in (i) the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
31 December 2019 includes an emphasis of matter relating to the impact of the COVID-19 virus as 
described on page 24 of its annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (“The 
coronavirus (COVID-19) also impacts Veteda Finance B.V. Management disclosed the current impact 
and her plans to deal with these events or circumstances on page 24 of the financial statements. 
Management indicates that it is currently not possible for them to properly estimate the impact of the 
coronavirus on the financial performance and health of Vesteda Finance B.V. Our opinion is not 
modified in respect of this matter.”), (ii) the audited financial statements of the Guarantor for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2019 includes an emphasis of matter relating to the impact of the 
COVID-19 virus as described on page 11 of its annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 
2019 (“Het coronavirus (COVID-19) heeft ook invloed op Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V. In de 
toelichting op pagina 11 in de jaarrekening heeft de directie de huidige impact en haar plannen om met 
deze gebeurtenissen of omstandigheden om te gaan toegelicht. Ook geven zij aan dat het op dit moment 
voor hen niet goed mogelijk is om in te schatten wat de invloed van het coronavirus is op de financiële 
prestaties en gezondheid van Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V. Ons oordeel is niet aangepast met 
betrekking tot deze aangelegenheid”) and (iii) the consolidated financial statements of the Fund for the 
financial year ended 2019 includes an emphasis of matter relating to the impact of the COVID-19 virus 
as described on page 118 of its annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (“The 
coronavirus (COVID-19) also impacts Vesteda Residential Fund FGR. Management disclosed the 
current impact and her plans to deal with these events or circumstances on page 118 of the financial 
statements. Management indicates that it is currently not possible for them to properly estimate the 
impact of the coronavirus on the financial performance and health of Vesteda Residential Fund FGR. 
Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.”).
The address of Deloitte Accountants B.V. is Gustav Mahlerlaan 2970, 1081 LA Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands. The auditor, who signs on behalf of Deloitte, is a member of the Netherlands Institute of 
Chartered Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants).
Deloitte Accountants B.V. has given, and has not withdrawn, its consent to the inclusion or incorporation 
by reference of its reports in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which they are included.

--- Page 144 ---
144
GLOSSARY
In this Base Prospectus, Vesteda uses the following unaudited financial measures in the analysis of its business 
and financial position, which Vesteda considers to constitute Alternative Performance Measures for the 
purposes of the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures. These unaudited financial measures 
are not calculated in accordance with IFRS. Accordingly, they should not be considered as alternatives to 
“results from operating activities” or “profits” as indicators of Vesteda's performance. However, Vesteda 
believes that these unaudited financial measures are commonly used by investors and as such useful for 
disclosure. The presentation of these unaudited financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled 
measures reported by other companies due to differences in the ways the measures are calculated.
Debt capital
The calculation of debt capital is based on adding unamortised issuing 
costs to the carrying amount of interest-bearing loans and borrowings 
(reference is made to page 119 of the 2020 Fund Annual Accounts (see 
line items “Capitalised financing costs” and “Carrying amount of interest-
bearing loans and borrowings”)).
Funds From Operations
The calculation of Funds From Operations is based on EBITDA minus tax 
(reference is made to page 87 of the 2020 Fund Annual Accounts (see line 
item “Tax”)) aggregated with financial results (reference is made to page 
87 of the 2020 Fund Annual Accounts (see line item “Financial results”)).
Gross/net ratio
The calculation of gross/net ratio is based on the percentage of property 
operating expenses (reference is made to page 100 of the 2020 Fund 
Annual Accounts (see line item “Property operating expenses (excluding 
service charges”))) plus net service charges relative to gross rental income 
(reference is made to page 140 of the 2020 Fund Annual Accounts (see 
line items “Service charge income”, “Service charges”, and “Gross rental 
income”)).
Gross Initial Yield
The calculation of Gross Initial Yield is based on theoretical rent (on a 
given reference date) receivable on the portfolio (reference is made to page 
101 of the 2020 Fund Annual Accounts (see line item “Theoretical rent”)) 
as a percentage of the value of the investment property (excluding IFRS 
16) (reference is made to page 89 of the 2020 Fund Annual Accounts (see 
line item “Investment property”)).
ICR
The calculation of ICR (Interest Cover Ratio) is based on dividing 
EBITDA by interest expenses excluding amortisation of financing costs 
and IFRS 16 (reference is made to page 38 of the 2020 Fund Annual 
Accounts (see line item “Interest expenses (excluding amortisation of 
financing costs and IFRS 16”)).
Leverage
The calculation of leverage is based on “carrying amount of interest-
bearing loans and borrowings” (reference is made to page 119 of the 2020 
Fund Annual Accounts) as a percentage of total assets (reference is made 
to page 88 of the 2020 Fund Annual Accounts (see line item “Total 
Assets”).
LTV (loan to value)
The calculation of LTV (loan to value) is based on the aggregate debt 
capital (reference is made to page 119 of the 2020 Fund Annual Accounts

--- Page 145 ---
145
(see line item “Interest-bearing loans and borrowings”)) as a percentage 
of the value of the Fund’s investment portfolio (reference is made to page 
88 of the 2020 Fund Annual Accounts (see line items “Investment 
property” and “Investment property under construction”)).
Loss of rent %
The calculation of Loss of rent % is based on loss of rent (reference is 
made to page 101 of the 2020 Fund Annual Accounts (see line item “Loss 
of rent”)) as a percentage of theoretical rent portfolio (reference is made 
to page 101 of the 2020 Fund Annual Accounts (see line item “Theoretical 
rent”)).
Net rental income (% value 
portfolio at start of the year)
The calculation of Net rental income (% value portfolio at start of the year) 
is based on net rental income (reference is made to page 87 of the 2020 
Fund Annual Accounts (see line item “Net rental income”)) as a 
percentage of the opening value of the investment property (reference is 
made to page 88 of the 2020 Fund Annual Accounts (see line item 
“Investment property”)).
Net service charges
The calculation of net service charges is based on service charge income 
(reference is made to page 140 of the 2020 Fund Annual Accounts (see 
line item “Service charge income”)) minus service charges (reference is 
made to page 140 of the 2020 Fund Annual Accounts (see line item 
“Service charges”)).
Realised return 
The calculation of Realised return is based on realised result before tax 
(reference is made to page 87 of the 2020 Fund Annual Accounts (see line 
item “Realised result before tax”)) as a percentage of opening equity 
(reference is made to page 88 of the 2020 Fund Annual Accounts (see line 
item “Vesteda Group Equity”)).
Return on equity (ROE)
The calculation of Return on equity (ROE) is based on the amount of total 
comprehensive income (reference is made to page 87 of the 2020 Fund 
Annual Accounts (see line item “Total comprehensive income”)) as a 
percentage of opening equity (reference is made to page 88 of the 2020 
Fund Annual Accounts (see line item “Vesteda Group Equity”)).
TER
The calculation of TER (Total Expense Ratio) is based on management 
expenses (reference is made to page 140 of the 2020 Fund Annual 
Accounts (see line item “Management expenses”) as a percentage of 
weighted average INREV gross asset value (which is calculated by 
dividing the INREV total assets at the previous two financial year-end by 
two (reference is made to page 140of the 2020 Fund Annual Accounts (see 
line item “Total Assets”))).
Theoretical rent
The calculation of Theoretical rent is based on gross rental income 
(reference is made to page 87 of the 2020 Fund Annual Accounts (see line 
item “Gross rental income”)) aggregated with loss of rent (reference is 
made to page 101 of the 2020 Fund Annual Accounts (see line item “Loss 
of rent”))

--- Page 146 ---
146
Total return 
The calculation of Total return is based on Realised return aggregated with 
Unrealised return.
Unrealised return
The calculation of Unrealised return is based on unrealised result 
(reference is made to page 87 of the 2020 Fund Annual Accounts (see line 
item “Realised result before tax”)) as a percentage of opening equity 
(reference is made to page 88 of the 2020 Fund Annual Accounts (see line 
item “Vesteda Group Equity”)).

--- Page 147 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER
Vesteda Finance B.V. 
De Boelelaan 759
1082 RS Amsterdam
The Netherlands
GUARANTOR
Custodian Vesteda Fund I B.V.
De Boelelaan 759
1082 RS Amsterdam
The Netherlands
ARRANGER
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.
Croeselaan 18
3521 CB Utrecht
The Netherlands
DEALERS
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10
1082 PP Amsterdam
The Netherlands
BNP Paribas
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.
Croeselaan 18
3521 CB Utrecht
The Netherlands
FISCAL AGENT
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg branch
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy
L-1855 Luxembourg
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

--- Page 148 ---
LISTING AGENT
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Amsterdam branch
Herengracht 595
1017CE Amsterdam
The Netherlands
AUDITOR
Deloitte Accountants B.V.
Gustav Mahlerlaan 2970
1081 LA Amsterdam
The Netherlands
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Issuer and Guarantor
Allen & Overy LLP
Apollolaan 15
1077 AB Amsterdam
The Netherlands
To the Dealers
Baker & McKenzie Amsterdam N.V.
Claude Debussylaan 54 
1082 MD Amsterdam
The Netherlands
TAX ADVISER
To the Issuer and Guarantor
PricewaterhouseCoopers Belastingadviseurs N.V.
Thomas R. Malthusstraat 5
1066 JR Amsterdam
The Netherlands