--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 20 MAY 2022 
 
 
 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe 
(incorporated as a stock corporation in the Republic of Austria under registered number FN 75687 f) 
as Issuer 
Restricted Tier 1 Notes Issuance Programme 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the "Prospectus Regulation") in respect of non-equity securities. Under 
the Restricted Tier 1 Notes Issuance Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (together with any 
documents incorporated by reference therein, the "Base Prospectus"), VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versi-
cherung Gruppe (the "Issuer" or "VIG", together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "VIG Group"), subject to compliance 
with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue perpetual fixed rate resettable restricted 
Tier 1 notes in a denomination of EUR 200,000 per Note (together the "Notes").  
The principal amount of the Notes, the issue currency, the interest payable in respect of the Notes, the issue prices and 
maturities of the Notes and all other terms and conditions which are applicable to a particular series (a "Series") and, if 
applicable, tranche (a "Tranche") of Notes will be set out in the document containing the final terms (each "Final Terms") 
within the meaning of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Notes are perpetual notes and have no fixed maturity or redemption date. Holders of Notes (the "Holders" and each 
a "Holder") have no right to require the Issuer to redeem or purchase Notes at any time. The Issuer shall be entitled to 
redeem the Notes only in accordance with the provisions specified in § 5 (Redemption and Repurchase; Write-downs; 
Write-ups) of the relevant terms and conditions of the Notes set forth herein below (the "Terms and Conditions"). The 
Issuer shall have the right (subject, in particular, to the prior approval of the Austrian Financial Market Authority (Fi-
nanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde, the "FMA") or any authority that becomes its successor in such capacity (the "Competent 
Supervisory Authority")) to redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, not earlier than five years from the issue date of 
the Notes with effect as of each Optional Redemption Date (as defined in the Terms and Conditions and  further specified 
in the relevant Final Terms). In addition, the Issuer may (subject, in particular, to the prior approval of the Competent 
Supervisory Authority) redeem the Notes at any time on the occurrence of a Gross-Up Event, a Tax Event, a Regulatory 
Event, a Rating Event, a Clean-Up Event or, as the case may be, an Accounting Event, as will be set out in in § 5 (Re-
demption and Repurchase; Write-downs; Write-ups) of the Terms and Conditions. Subject to the right or obligation of the 
Issuer to cancel any payment of interest in respect of the Notes in accordance with § 3 (Interest) of the Terms and Condi-
tions, interest will accrue on its current nominal amount of the Notes. 
The Issuer may elect at any time to cancel (in whole or in part) any interest payment otherwise scheduled to be 
paid on any Interest Payment Date (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) and shall cancel an interest payment 
upon the occurrence of certain mandatory interest cancellation events as set out in § 3 (Interest) of the Terms and 
Conditions with respect to that interest payment. The cancellation of any interest payment shall not constitute a 
default or event of default for any purpose on the part of the Issuer and Holders shall have no right to such 
cancelled interest, whether in an insolvency or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise. Any interest payment (or 
part thereof) that is cancelled in accordance with the Terms and Conditions shall not become due and payable in 
any circumstances.  
Upon the occurrence of a Deterioration Event, a Trigger Event or a Special Trigger Event (each event as defined 
in the Terms and Conditions), the Issuer shall, without the need for the consent of the Holders, write down the

--- Page 2 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
2 | 129 
 
Notes by reducing the Current Principal Amount (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) or, in case a write-down 
has occurred previously, by reducing the then current nominal amount of the Notes. A write-down of the Notes 
shall not constitute a default or an event of default in respect of the Notes or a breach of the Issuer's obligations 
or duties or a failure to perform by the Issuer in any manner whatsoever, and shall not entitle Holders to petition 
for the insolvency or dissolution of the Issuer or to take any other action. Following any reduction of the Current 
Principal Amount, the Issuer may, at its discretion, increase the current nominal amount of the Notes on any date 
and in any amount that it determines in its discretion (either to the Current Principal Amount or to any lower 
amount) provided that several conditions are met, as set out in § 5 (Redemption and Repurchase; Write-downs; 
Write-ups) para (9) of the Terms and Conditions. Write-ups in respect of the Notes are limited under certain cir-
cumstances described in § 5 (Redemption and Repurchase; Write-downs; Write-ups) para (9) of the Terms and 
Conditions, and as a consequence, write-downs can be in full and permanent. 
The Notes do not contain events of default. 
This Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with Annexes 7, 15 and 28 of the Commission Delegated Regu-
lation (EU) 2019/980, as amended and has been approved by the FMA in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to 
Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation in conjunction with the Austrian Capital Market Act 2019 (Kapitalmarktgesetz 2019). 
The FMA approves this Base Prospectus only as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement 
of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assess-
ment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application will be made for the Programme and/or the Notes to be admitted to the Official Market (Amtlicher Handel) of 
the Vienna Stock Exchange (Wiener Börse) (the "Market"). References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and 
all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the Market. The Market is a regulated 
market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II – "MiFID II"). 
Unlisted or unincluded Notes may also be issued pursuant to this Programme. The relevant Final Terms in respect of the 
issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be admitted to trading on the Market or included in one or 
more of the Multilateral Trading Facilities (MTFs).  
Each Series and, if applicable, each Tranche of Notes in bearer form will be represented by a permanent global note (each 
a "Global Note"). Global Notes shall (or in the case of Notes listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange will) be deposited on 
the issue date with or on behalf of OeKB CSD GmbH ("OeKB CSD") and any successor in such capacity.  
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base 
Prospectus. This Base Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, but the Issuer believes 
that all material and specific risks relating to an investment in the Notes have been described. 
This Base Prospectus (supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for a period of twelve months 
after its approval. In case of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the infor-
mation included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes, the Issuer will prepare 
and publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus without undue delay in accordance with Article 23 of the Pro-
spectus Regulation. The validity ends upon expiration of 20 May 2023. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when 
this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
In respect of each individual series of Notes, Final Terms will be filed with the notification office (Meldestelle) of Oester-
reichische Kontrollbank AG. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, the Notes in any jurisdiction 
where such offer or solicitation is unlawful. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should ensure that they understand the nature of the Notes and the extent of their

--- Page 3 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
3 | 129 
 
exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the Notes as an investment in light of their own circumstances 
and financial condition. Investing in the Notes involves certain risks. Please review the section entitled "Risk Factors" 
beginning on page 19 of this Base Prospectus. 
Arranger and Dealer 
Erste Group Bank AG

--- Page 4 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
4 | 129 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe accepts responsibility for the information contained in 
and incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and for the information which will be contained in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer hereby declares that to the best of its knowledge the information contained in this Base Prospectus for which it 
is responsible is in accordance with the facts and that this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
FULL INFORMATION 
Full information on the Issuer and any Tranche of Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Base 
Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any other doc-
uments incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). Such documents shall be 
incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is incor-
porated by reference therein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the 
extent that a statement contained therein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication 
or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall, except as so modified or superseded, not constitute a part 
of this Base Prospectus. 
SUPPLEMENT TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer is obliged by the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, that if there is a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assess-
ment of any Notes and which arises or is noted between the time when this Base Prospectus is approved and the time 
when trading of the Notes on a regulated market begins the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus for 
use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to the FMA and the Vienna Stock Exchange 
such number of copies of such supplement hereto as relevant applicable legislation require. 
NOTICE 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained in this 
Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or the Arranger or any Dealer (as defined in "I. The Notes 
– 1. General Information about the Programme"). 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, excluding the Issuer, is 
responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any supplement thereof, or any Final Terms or any 
other document incorporated herein by reference, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant 
jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the information con-
tained in any of these documents. 
Neither the Arranger nor any person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, excluding the Issuer, have independently verified 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any financial statements supplied in 
connection with the Programme or any Notes are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should 
not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger or any person mentioned in this Base Prospectus that 
any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of 
Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any financial state-
ments and its purchase of Notes should be based upon any such investigation as it deems necessary. The Arranger does 
not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Issuer and its subsidiaries and participations 
taken as a whole during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or 
potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of the Arranger.

--- Page 5 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
5 | 129 
 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, 
create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the finan-
cial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent 
to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by 
law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Arranger and the relevant 
Dealer(s) to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act"), and may include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not 
be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
tax regulations and the Securities Act. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribu-
tion of the Prospectus, see the section "Subscription and Sale". 
The Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer to subscribe for, or purchase, 
any Notes. 
Prospective investors should note that the tax legislation of the investor's member state and of the Issuer's country of 
incorporation may have an impact on the income received from Notes. Prospective investors should consult their tax ad-
visers as to the relevant tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of Notes.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any supplement(s) thereto nor any Final Terms may be used for the purpose of an offer 
or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it 
is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any supplement(s) thereto nor any Final Terms constitute an offer or an invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any Dealer that 
any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition 
(financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
The binding language of this Base Prospectus is English.  
The information on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus do not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinized or approved by the FMA unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
SOURCES OF INFORMATION 
Unless otherwise stated, statistical and other data provided in this Base Prospectus has been extracted from the Audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements 2021 and the English language translation of the annual report thereon. The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by such sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inac-
curate or misleading. 
With respect to any information included in this Base Prospectus and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the 
Issuer confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission of which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) neither the Issuer nor the Arranger has independently 
verified any such information and neither the Issuer nor the Arranger accepts any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
This Base Prospectus includes information regarding markets, market size, market share, market position, growth rates 
and other industry data for the Issuer's business, which consists of estimates based on data and reports compiled by third

--- Page 6 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
6 | 129 
 
parties, on data from other external sources, and on the Issuer's knowledge of its sales and markets and its own market 
research and intelligence. The market and industry information set out in this Base Prospectus is based on various studies 
and databases which are generally assumed to be reliable. However, no assurance can be given that such studies and 
reports and databases are accurate in all material respects as all studies, reports and databases apply certain estimates 
and assumptions. The source of such third-party information is cited whenever such information is used in this Base Pro-
spectus.  
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assess-
ment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
Distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA Hand-
book Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is respon-
sible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, any Dealer (as defined in "I. The Notes – 1. General Information about the Programme") subscribing for any Notes 
is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.  
PRIIPS REGULATION / EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regula-
tion. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part

--- Page 7 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
7 | 129 
 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Conse-
quently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
RESTRICTIONS ON MARKETING AND SALES OF NOTES TO RETAIL INVESTORS 
1. The Notes are complex financial instruments. They are not a suitable or appropriate investment for all investors, espe-
cially retail investors. In some jurisdictions, regulatory authorities have adopted or published laws, regulations or guidance 
with respect to the offer or sale of certain securities with characteristics similar to the Notes. Potential investors in the Notes 
should inform themselves of, and comply with, any applicable laws, regulations or regulatory guidance with respect to any 
resale of the Notes (or any beneficial interests therein). 
2. 
(a) 
In the UK, the Financial Conduct Authority Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") requires, in summary, that 
certain securities with characteristics similar to the Notes should not be offered or sold to retail clients (as defined 
in COBS 3.4 and each a "retail client") in the UK. 
(b) 
Certain of the Dealers may be required to comply with COBS (as if COBS 22.3 applies to the Notes). 
(c) 
By purchasing, or making or accepting an offer to purchase, any Notes (or a beneficial interest in such Notes) from 
the Issuer and/or each Dealer, each prospective investor represents, warrants, agrees with and undertakes to the 
Issuer and each Dealer that: 
(i) 
it is not a retail client in the UK; and 
(ii) 
it will not sell or offer the Notes (or any beneficial interest therein) to retail clients in the UK or communicate 
(including the distribution of this Base Prospectus, in preliminary or final form) or approve an invitation or 
inducement to participate in, acquire or underwrite the Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) where that 
invitation or inducement is addressed to or disseminated in such a way that it is likely to be received by a 
retail client in the UK.  
(d) 
In selling or offering the Notes or making or approving communications relating to the Notes each prospective 
investor may not rely on the limited exemptions set out in COBS (as if COBS 22.3 applies to the Notes). 
3. The obligations in paragraph 2 above are in addition to the need to comply at all times with all other applicable laws, 
regulations and regulatory guidance (whether inside or outside the EEA or the UK) relating to the promotion, offering, 
distribution and/or sale of the Notes (or any beneficial interests therein), whether or not specifically mentioned in this Base 
Prospectus, including (without limitation) any requirements under MiFID II or the UK FCA Handbook as to determining the 
appropriateness and/or suitability of an investment in the Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) for investors in any 
relevant jurisdiction. 
4. Each prospective investor further acknowledges that: 
(a) 
the identified target market for the Notes (for the purposes of the product governance obligations in MiFID II or UK 
MiFIR) is eligible counterparties and professional clients; and 
(b) 
no key information document (KID) under the PRIIPs Regulation has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation; and

--- Page 8 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
8 | 129 
 
(c) 
no key information document (KID) under the UK PRIIPs Regulation has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
4. Where acting as agent on behalf of a disclosed or undisclosed client when purchasing, or making or accepting an offer 
to purchase, any Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) from the Issuer and/or the Dealers, the foregoing representa-
tions, warranties, agreements and undertakings will be given by and be binding upon both the agent and its underlying 
client(s). 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION / STATEMENT IN RELATION TO ADMINISTRATOR'S REGISTRA-
TION 
Following each Reset Date (as specified in in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche of Notes), interest amounts payable 
under the Notes are to be calculated by reference to the annual swap rate for swap transactions denominated in Euro, 
which is provided by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("IBA"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, IBA does not 
appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of June 8, 2016, as amended (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that IBA is not currently required to obtain authorisation 
or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).  
STABILISATION 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES UNDER THE PROGRAMME, THE DEALER OR 
DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS STABILISING MANAGER(S) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS (OR PERSONS ACT-
ING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISING MANAGER(S)) MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS 
WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH 
MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION 
ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF 
THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT 
IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE 
OF NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES. ANY 
STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT STABILISING MAN-
AGER(S) (OR PERSON(S) ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISING MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL 
APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following parts of the following documents 
which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and which have been filed with the FMA: 
Document/Heading 
Page reference 
German language version of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2021 – Annual Report 2021 (Konzernbericht 2021) (the "Audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements 2021") and auditor's report 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet (Konzernbilanz)  
54 
Consolidated Income Statement (Konzerngewinn- und Verlustrechnung)  
55 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Konzerngesamtergebnisrechnung)  
55

--- Page 9 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
9 | 129 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (Konzerneigenkapital)  
56 
Consolidated Cash-Flow Statement (Konzernkapitalflussrechnung)  
57-58 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Konzernanhang)  
59-119 
Auditor's Report (Bestätigungsvermerk) 
178-183 
German language version of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2020 – Annual Report 2020 (Konzernbericht 2020) (the "Audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements 2020") and auditor's report 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet (Konzernbilanz)  
62 
Consolidated Income Statement (Konzerngewinn- und Verlustrechnung)  
63 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Konzerngesamtergebnisrechnung)  
64 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (Konzerneigenkapital)  
65-66 
Consolidated Cash-Flow Statement (Konzernkapitalflussrechnung)  
67-68 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Konzernanhang)  
69-130 
Auditor's Report (Bestätigungsvermerk) 
191-196 
English language translation of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2021 – Annual Report 20211 – and auditor's report 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet  
54 
Consolidated Income Statement 
55 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
55 
Consolidated Shareholders' Equity 
56 
Consolidated Cash-Flow Statement  
57-58 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
59-119 
Auditor's Report  
178-183 
English language translation of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2020 – Annual Report 20202 – and auditor's report 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet  
62 
Consolidated Income Statement 
63 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
64 
Consolidated Shareholders' Equity 
65-66 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement  
67-68 
 
 
1  
The English language translations of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 De-
cember 2021 is not legally binding and are incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference for convenience purposes only. 
2  
The English language translations of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for the financial year 31 December 
2020 is not legally binding and are incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference for convenience purposes only.

--- Page 10 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
10 | 129 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
69-130 
Auditor's Report  
191-196 
Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information of the Issuer as of and for the 
period ending 31 March 2021 as presented in the Issuer's results presentation for the first quar-
ter of 2021 (the "3M 2021 Results Presentation")  
1-43 
Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information of the Issuer as of and for the 
period ending 31 March 2022 as presented in the Issuer's results presentation for the first quar-
ter of 2022 (the "3M 2022 Results Presentation") 
1-37 
German language version of the Solvency and Financial Condition Report 2021 of VIG Group 
 
Risk Profile (Risikoprofil) 
55-75 
Valuation of Solvency Purposes (Bewertung der Solvabilitätszwecke) 
76-96 
Capital Management (Kapitalmanagement) 
97-111 
English language translation of the Solvency and Financial Condition Report 2021 of VIG Group 
 
Risk Profile 
55-75 
Valuation of Solvency Purposes 
75-94 
Capital Management 
95-109 
German language version of the Solvency and Financial Condition Report 2021 of the Issuer 
 
Risk Profile (Risikoprofil) 
47-62 
Valuation of Solvency Purposes (Bewertung der Solvabilitätszwecke) 
63-71 
Capital Management (Kapitalmanagement) 
72-82 
English language translation of the Solvency and Financial Condition Report 2021 of the Issuer 
 
Risk Profile 
47-61 
Valuation of Solvency Purposes 
62-70 
Capital Management 
71-81 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, such parts of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2020 and the Audited Consoli-
dated Financial Statements 2021, respectively, which are not explicitly listed in the tables above, are not incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus as these parts are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus. 
Any information not listed above but included in the documents incorporated by reference is given for information purposes 
only. 
Such parts of the documents which are explicitly listed above shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of this 
Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained in such a document shall be deemed to be modified or superseded 
for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in this Base Prospectus modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or

--- Page 11 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
11 | 129 
 
superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
For the term of 10 years from the date of this Base Prospectus, electronic versions of the following documents will be 
available on the Issuer's website under www.vig.com (see also the links set out below in brackets): 
i. 
the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 in-
corporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and the respective auditor's report (https://www.vig.com/filead-
min/web/Investor_Relations/Geschaeftsberichte/Konzernabschluss/220414_-_VIG_Konzernbericht_2021_Inter-
net.pdf); 
ii. 
the English language translation of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2021 incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and the respective auditor's 
report (https://www.vig.com/fileadmin/web/Investor_Relations/Annual_Reports/Group_Annual_Reports/220414_-
_VIG_Group_Annual_Report_2021_Internet.pdf); 
iii. 
the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 in-
corporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and the respective auditor's report (https://www.vig.com/filead-
min/web/Investor_Relations/Geschaeftsberichte/Konzernabschluss/210415_-_VIG_Konzernbericht_2020_INTER-
NET.pdf); 
iv. 
the English language translation of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2020 incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and the respective auditor's 
report (https://www.vig.com/fileadmin/web/Investor_Relations/Annual_Reports/Group_Annual_Reports/210415_-
_VIG_Group_Annual_Report_2020_INTERNET.pdf); 
v. 
3M 2022 Results Presentation incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (https://www.vig.com/filead-
min/web/Investor_Relations/Downloads/Praesentationen/Results_Presentation/2022/220517_-_3M_2022_-_Re-
sults_presentation_-_final.pdf); 
vi. 
3M 2021 Results Presentation incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (https://www.vig.com/filead-
min/web/Investor_Relations/Downloads/Praesentationen/Results_Presentation/2021/210519_-_3M_2021_-_Re-
sults_presentation__final_.pdf); 
vii. 
the Solvency and Financial Condition Report 2021 of VIG Group (https://www.vig.com/fileadmin/web/Investor_Re-
lations/Downloads/Solvency_II/220414_-_SFCR_VIG_Gruppe_2021.pdf); 
viii. 
the English language translation of the Solvency and Financial Condition Report 2021 of VIG Group 
(https://www.vig.com/fileadmin/web/Investor_Relations/Downloads/Sol-
vency_II/220516_SFCR_VIG_Group_2021_EN.pdf); 
ix. 
the Solvency and Financial Condition Report 2021 of the Issuer (https://www.vig.com/fileadmin/web/Investor_Re-
lations/Downloads/Solvency_II/220408_-_SFCR_VIG_Holding_2021.pdf); 
x. 
the English language translation of the Solvency and Financial Condition Report 2021 of the Issuer 
(https://www.vig.com/fileadmin/web/Investor_Relations/Downloads/Solvency_II/220516_SFCR_VIG_Hold-
ing_2021_EN.pdf); 
xi. 
the Issuer's articles of association (https://www.vig.com/en/investor-relations/corporate-governance/articles-of-
association.html); and 
xii. 
an electronic version of this Base Prospectus and electronic versions of any supplement to this Base Prospectus 
(https://www.vig.com/en/investor-relations/bonds/issued-bonds.html). 
ROUNDING ADJUSTMENTS  
The numerical information set forth in this Base Prospectus has been rounded for ease of presentation. Accordingly, in 
certain cases, the sum of the numbers or percentages in a column in a table may not conform to the total figure given for 
that column. In addition, certain figures in this document have been rounded to the nearest whole number or to one decimal 
place.

--- Page 12 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
12 | 129 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement that does 
not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts 
not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such 
as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" and similar terms 
and phrases, including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Base Prospectus 
containing information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding VIG Group's business and manage-
ment, its growth and profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the Issuer make 
to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors 
which could cause actual results, including VIG Group's financial condition and results of operations, to differ materially 
from and be worse than results that have expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking 
statements. VIG Group's business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking 
statement, estimate or prediction in this Base Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are strongly ad-
vised to read the following sections of this Base Prospectus: "II. Risk Factors", "VI. Description of the Issuer and VIG 
Group" and "VII. Business Overview". These sections include more detailed descriptions of factors that might have an 
impact on VIG Group's business and the markets in which it operates.  
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Base Prospectus may not occur. In 
addition, neither the Issuer, the Arranger nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by law, to update any 
forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or developments. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
Certain terms used in this Base Prospectus and financial measures as well as financial ratios presented in this Base 
Prospectus, including financial measures and financial ratios presented in the documents incorporated by reference are 
not recognised financial measures under International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union 
("IFRS") ("Alternative Performance Measures") and may therefore not be considered as an alternative to the financial 
measures defined in the accounting standards in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Issuer 
has provided these Alternative Performance Measures because it believes they provide investors, securities analysts and 
other interested parties with additional information to assess the operating performance and financial standing of VIG 
Group's business activities. The definition of the Alternative Performance Measures may vary from the definition of identi-
cally named alternative performance measures used by other companies. The Alternative Performance Measures of VIG 
Group presented by the Issuer should not be considered as an alternative to measures of operating performance or finan-
cial standing derived in accordance with IFRS. These Alternative Performance Measures have limitations as analytical 
tools and should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes for the analysis of the consolidated results or liabilities as 
reported under IFRS. 
For further information, please see "Description of the Issuer and VIG Group–Selected Financial Information and Alterna-
tive Performance Measures ".

--- Page 13 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
13 | 129 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
4 
FULL INFORMATION 
4 
SUPPLEMENT TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
4 
NOTICE 
4 
SOURCES OF INFORMATION 
5 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
6 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
6 
PRIIPS REGULATION / EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
6 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
6 
RESTRICTIONS ON MARKETING AND SALES OF NOTES TO RETAIL INVESTORS 
7 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION / STATEMENT IN RELATION TO ADMINISTRATOR'S REGISTRATION 
8 
STABILISATION 
8 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
8 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
11 
ROUNDING ADJUSTMENTS 
11 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
12 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
12 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
13 
I. 
THE NOTES 
15 
1. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROGRAMME 
15 
2. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE NOTES 
15 
II. 
RISK FACTORS 
19 
1. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE INSURANCE INDUSTRY 
19 
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE BUSINESS OF VIG GROUP 
24 
3. 
RISKS RELATING TO REGULATION AND LEGISLATION 
30 
4. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE STRUCTURE OF THE NOTES 
33 
5. 
RISKS RELATING TO NOTES GENERALLY 
43 
III. 
PROGRAMME TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
46 
IV. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
75 
V. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
76 
PART A. – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
77 
PART B. – OTHER INFORMATION 
78

--- Page 14 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
14 | 129 
 
VI. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND VIG GROUP 
80 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
80 
2. 
BACKGROUND AND HISTORY 
80 
3. 
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 
81 
4. 
FINANCIAL YEAR AND AUDIT 
81 
5. 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND CERTAIN ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
82 
6. 
SOLVENCY II AND OWN FUNDS 
84 
VII. BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
92 
1. 
MARKETS 
92 
2. 
STRATEGIC PROGRAMME 
94 
3. 
MANAGEMENT PRINCIPLES 
96 
4. 
MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES AND ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
97 
5. 
CREDIT RATINGS 
99 
6. 
INVESTMENT STRATEGY AND INVESTMENTS 
99 
7. 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
100 
8. 
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
101 
9. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
102 
10. 
RECENT EVENTS, TRENDS AND OUTLOOK 
102 
VIII. ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
107 
1. 
MANAGEMENT BOARD 
107 
2. 
SUPERVISORY BOARD 
111 
3. 
POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
114 
4. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE 
114 
5. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDER OF THE ISSUER 
115 
IX. 
TAXATION 
116 
1. 
AUSTRIAN TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
116 
X. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
120 
GLOSSARY AND LIST OF ABBREVIATIONS 
122

--- Page 15 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
15 | 129 
 
I. 
THE NOTES 
1. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROGRAMME 
Under this Base Prospectus, the Issuer may, from time to time, issue euro denominated deeply subordinated resettable 
Notes, the purpose of which is to furnish the Issuer with Tier 1 basic own-fund items according to Article 69(b) of Commis-
sion Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 (the "Delegated Regulation 2015/35"), as amended, on an individual and con-
solidated (solo solvency and group solvency) basis for an indefinite period of time (the "Notes"). The Issuer may from time 
to time appoint any institution as a Dealer in relation to a single Tranche or in respect to the Programme. Any reference in 
this Base Prospectus to "Dealer(s)" means Erste Group Bank AG and any additional Dealer in respect of the Programme 
or a single Tranche who is appointed as a Dealer under the Programme Agreement dated 20 May 2022 between Erste 
Group Bank AG and the Issuer (the "Programme Agreement"). 
Erste Group Bank AG acts as arranger and Dealer in respect of the Programme (the "Arranger"). 
Erste Group Bank AG will act as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent") and paying agent (the "Paying Agent"). 
Erste Group Bank AG will act as listing agent (the "Listing Agent"). 
Erste Group Bank AG will act as calculation agent (the "Calculation Agent"). 
The Notes under this Base Prospectus will be issued as euro denominated deeply subordinated resettable restricted Tier 1 
notes. 
Notes will be issued in Series having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in 
respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes 
of that Series. Each Series may be issued in Tranches on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each 
Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, with the relevant Terms and Conditions and, save in respect of the 
issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular Tranche of Notes 
(the "Conditions"). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant Terms and Conditions as further specified by the 
Final Terms as described below. 
2. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE NOTES 
(a) 
Terms and Conditions 
The Terms and Conditions as described herein contain certain options (characterized by indicating the respective optional 
provision through instructions and explanatory notes set out in square brackets within the text of the Terms and Conditions 
as set out in this Base Prospectus) as well as placeholders (characterized by square brackets which include the relevant 
items) which will be determined by the Final Terms as follows: 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating the relevant provisions 
in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the respective sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions 
as set out in this Base Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not refer to an alternative or optional provision or such alternative 
or optional provision is not replicated therein it shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the Terms and Conditions will be completed. In 
the case the provisions of the Final Terms and the Terms and Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions 
the Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such 
information were inserted in the placeholders of such provisions.

--- Page 16 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
16 | 129 
 
All instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the Terms and Conditions and any footnotes 
and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
(b) 
Listing and trading 
Application may be made for the Programme and/or the Notes to be admitted to the Official Market (Amtlicher Handel) of 
the Vienna Stock Exchange (Wiener Börse) (the "Market"). References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and 
all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the Market. The Market is a regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
(c) 
Terms and conditions of the offer, offer period 
The offer of Notes under this Base Prospectus is not subject to any conditions. The relevant Final Terms must be read in 
conjunction with this Base Prospectus and its supplement(s) (if any). 
Issues of Notes may be offered permanently as tap issues (Daueremissionen) without a pre-determined end of the sub-
scription period, where Notes may be issued during most of their term at a price determined and adjusted from time to time 
by the Issuer. The result of the offer will not be made public prior to the closing of the issue. Usually, a notification of the 
maximum amount to OeKB CSD will be made. 
Alternatively, issues of Notes may be offered permanently as tap issues (Daueremissionen) with a pre-determined end of 
the subscription period in one or several Series, with different features, at a fixed price plus an issuing premium. When the 
respective subscription period has ended, the Notes will be sold over-the-counter. 
The invitation to prospective investors to make offers for the subscription of Notes is carried out by the Issuer and distribu-
tion partners, if any. An offer to subscribe for Notes may be made by an investor to the Issuer or the Issuer's distribution 
partners, if any, during substantially the whole (or part of the) term of the Notes at the discretion of the Issuer. The Issuer 
retains the right to accept or reject subscription offers, in whole or in part. The investor is not notified of the amount allotted 
other than by the entry of the Notes in his securities account. 
In general, no maximum amount of application will be set by the Issuer. Basically, there is no possibility to subsequently 
reduce placed subscriptions. Thus, a refund of amounts paid in access is not applicable. 
(d) 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a discount or premium to their principal amount (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms). The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined before filing the relevant 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on then prevailing market conditions. Where for a particular Tranche of Notes the 
issue price or the aggregate principal amount is not fixed at the time of issue, the relevant Final Terms shall describe the 
procedures for calculation and publication of such information. The issue price for Notes issued in tap issues shall be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms at the start of their term and thereafter shall be fixed by the Issuer continuously 
according to market conditions prevailing from time to time. In such case, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes may 
increase from time to time upon subscriptions being made, and the Issuer will in such case specify on the issue date the 
upper limit of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Currency of the Notes 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes may be issued in any currency. The currency 
of the Notes which is applicable to a particular Series and, if applicable, Tranche will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(f) 
Denomination 
Notes will be issued in euro with the denomination being EUR 200,000. The principal amount of the Notes, which is appli-
cable to a particular Series and, if applicable, Tranche will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 17 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
17 | 129 
 
(g) 
No Maturity 
The Notes are perpetual securities without a fixed or final redemption date. 
(h) 
Delivery and payment of the Notes 
Delivery and payment of the Notes will be made on or before the issue date for each Tranche. On or before the issue date 
for each Tranche the Global Note representing bearer notes shall (or in the case of Notes listed on the Vienna Stock 
Exchange will) be deposited with or on behalf of OeKB CSD and any successor in such capacity. 
(i) 
Clearing System and form and delivery 
The Notes may be cleared through OeKB CSD and any successor in such capacity. The Issuer does not assume any 
responsibility as to whether the Notes are actually transferred to the securities portfolio of the relevant investor. The Inter-
national Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) any other identification number for each Tranche 
of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(j) 
Restrictions on the free transferability of the Notes 
The Notes are freely transferable in accordance with applicable law and the applicable rules of the clearing system. 
(k) 
Ranking of the Notes 
The Notes constitute direct, undated, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer which, in the event of the 
liquidation, dissolution, or insolvency of the Issuer, or composition or any other proceedings for the avoidance of insolvency 
against, the Issuer, rank (i) senior to all shares of any class of the Issuer and all present and future obligations of the Issuer 
under instruments which, pursuant to their terms or mandatory provisions of law rank, pari passu with all shares of any 
class of the Issuer; (ii) pari passu among themselves and pari passu with present or future obligations of the Issuer under 
its other present and future Restricted Tier 1 Instruments, including the Issuer's EUR 300,000 RT1 Notes 
(EUR 300.000.000 Ewige tief nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen 2021), ISIN: AT0000A2NA30, issued on 10 June 2021; 
and (iii) junior to the Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations, so that in any such event the claims of the Holders under the 
Notes will be satisfied after (but only after) the claims of all holders of the Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations. In any such 
event, Holders will not receive any amounts payable in respect of the Notes until the claims of all Issuer's Senior Ranking 
Obligations have first been satisfied in full. 
"Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations" means all of the Issuer's present and future: 
(i) 
unsubordinated obligations (for the avoidance of doubt: this includes any obligations of the Issuer towards all policy 
holders and beneficiaries under insurance and reinsurance contracts); and 
(ii) 
obligations subordinated by operation of law pursuant to the Applicable Insolvency Regulations; and 
(iii) 
contractually subordinated obligations under (A) tier 2 basic own-funds instruments of the Issuer pursuant to Arti-
cle 72 of Delegated Regulation 2015/35, (B) tier 3 basic own-funds instruments of the Issuer pursuant to Article 76 
of Delegated Regulation 2015/35, (C) instruments that rank pari passu with, or senior to, the aforementioned basic 
own-funds instruments; and 
(iv) 
other subordinated obligations (A) that rank or are expressed to rank senior to the obligations under the Notes or 
(B) that are required to be preferred by mandatory provisions of law. 
(l) 
Consents and approvals, resolutions in respect of the issue of the Notes 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Austria in connection with the issue and 
performance of Notes. Tranches of Notes will be issued under the Programme in accordance with internal approvals, as 
in force from time to time.

--- Page 18 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
18 | 129 
 
(m) 
Applicable law, place of performance and place of jurisdiction 
The Notes will be governed by Austrian law except for its conflict of law rules as far as such rules would lead to the 
application of foreign law. 
The competent Austrian courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in connection 
with any Notes (including any legal action or proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with Notes).  
(n) 
Expenses and taxes 
The relevant Final Terms will specify, if applicable, the kind and amount of fees charged to the subscriber or purchaser.

--- Page 19 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
19 | 129 
 
II. 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below which are specific to its business represent the principal risks inherent 
in investing into the Notes as at the date of this Base Prospectus. If any or a combination of these risks actually occurs, 
the business, prospects, shareholders' equity, net assets, financial condition and results of operations (Vermögens-, Fi-
nanz- und Ertragslage) or general affairs of the Issuer or VIG Group could be materially and adversely affected. This could 
result in the Issuer being unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes or materially 
and adversely affect the trading price of the Notes in which case holders of the Notes could lose all or part of their invest-
ment. 
Prospective investors should note that the risks summarised in this section are the risks that the Issuer believes to repre-
sent the principal risks inherent in investing into the Notes, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with the Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by 
the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which the Issuer may not currently be able to anticipate. 
As the risks which the Issuer faces relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future, 
prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any 
documents which are incorporated by reference herein) and form their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The following risk factors are organized in categories depending on their respective nature. In each category the most 
material risk factors, based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact, are 
mentioned first. Unless expressly indicated otherwise in the relevant risk factor, risks summarized below for VIG Group are 
equally specific to the Issuer as VIG Group's ultimate parent. 
1. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE INSURANCE INDUSTRY  
The consequences of Russia's aggression against Ukraine on the geopolitical and economic situation in the re-
gion and beyond may have a considerable impact on VIG's performance and financial position. 
The military invasion of Russia in Ukraine, which commenced on 24 February 2022, and related geopolitical and economic 
changes and developments, including the risk of a further regional, European-wide or even worldwide escalation of the 
conflict, may have a considerable negative impact on VIG's business. As a consequence of Russia's invasion, severe and 
unprecedented economic sanctions and restrictions by the EU and numerous countries worldwide (including the United 
Kingdom and the United States) as well as by several organisations have recently been imposed on Russia and Belarus, 
including companies and financial institutions as well as certain individuals obtaining a benefit from or supporting the gov-
ernment of Russia. It is to be expected that existing sanctions will be expanded step by step and further sanctions will be 
imposed. The imposition of sanctions and restrictions as well as a significantly critical risk perception in the international 
capital markets may adversely affect the economic growth globally and, more particularly, in the regions which are relevant 
for the Issuer and continues to do so. In particular, the recent developments have already let toa substantial increase in 
energy or commodity prices and may also lead to further increase of the inflation rate, which, if of longer duration, could 
result in a recession in VIG's markets. Especially a simultaneous realization of both factors, i.e., an inflation combined as 
a supply shock indicated recession, will – if observed in a longer period of time – result in a stagflation which is critical and 
costly to handle for economy and might impact the insurance industry as well. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, it is uncertain how the crisis and geopolitical situation develops and whether 
neighbouring Eastern European countries where VIG Group operates business are further drawn into the conflict. Future 
political, economic and social changes in the economies in which VIG Group operates may have a material adverse effect 
on VIG Group's business, financial position and results of operations and could adversely impact the Issuer's ability to 
meet its obligations under the Notes and may even result in the suspension of business in certain countries. 
VIG is operating three insurance companies in Ukraine which hold assets in the volume of EUR 148 million as of 31 De-
cember 2021. If the conflict prolongs and/or intensifies, VIG's performance and financial position might be affected. A

--- Page 20 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
20 | 129 
 
complete loss of this operating business would affect the net assets of the group by approximately EUR 55 million as of 
this date. Despite the fact that the contribution of the operative business in Ukraine to overall VIG's business is rather minor 
in comparison to other markets VIG operates in (less than 2% of VIG Group's premiums), the overall performance and 
financial position of the group might also be affected resulting from further second level effects due to sanctions and 
especially economic/capital market reactions. The development of the crisis and its related risks are monitored very closely 
by VIG in order to react on changes quickly. 
Changes in interest rates may reduce the yield on invested assets, cause policyholders to surrender their con-
tracts, reduce the value of VIG Group's investment portfolio and may have an adverse impact on its asset and 
liability matching, which could adversely affect its results of operation and financial condition. 
Interest rate risk has an impact on VIG Group's profitability, on VIG Group's spread relative to its contractual obligations, 
and on the diversity of VIG Group's investment portfolio. If interest rates remain below historical averages for an extended 
period of time and reduce further, investing activity would decrease the portfolio yield, as long as market yields remain 
below the current portfolio level, resulting in lower net investment income in future periods and adversely impacting VIG 
Group's profitability. Conversely, any significant increases in market interest rates could increase surrenders of life insur-
ance policies and contracts, as policyholders seek higher guaranteed minimum and overall returns. This could arise in the 
future if the accommodative monetary policies of central banks, in particular the European Central Bank, are wound down 
or stopped. 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond VIG Group's control, including, without limitation, governmental, 
monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations, inflationary factors, fiscal 
deficits, trade surpluses or deficits and, regulatory requirements. VIG Group's exposure to interest rate risk relates primarily 
to the market price and cash flow variability of assets and liabilities associated with changes in interest rates. In particular, 
participating life insurance products are affected by changes in interest rates. VIG Group's expectations for future spreads 
is a key component in the amortisation of policy acquisition costs and significantly lower spreads may cause VIG Group to 
accelerate amortisation, thereby reducing net income in the affected reporting period.  
VIG Group's mitigation efforts are designed to ensure the maintenance of an investment portfolio with diversified maturities 
with a weighted average duration taking into account the duration of its policyholder liability cash flow profile. Notwithstand-
ing these efforts, matched cash flows on the level of each operational entity cannot be ensured. This results in a residual 
asset/liability mismatch risk that can be managed on the level of each operational entity but not eliminated. In addition, VIG 
Group's estimate of the liability cash flow profile may be inaccurate for other reasons, such as varying mortality, morbidity 
or general insurance claims, and VIG Group may be forced to liquidate investments prior to maturity at a loss in order to 
cover the liability. Such a loss could have a material adverse effect on VIG Group's results of operations and financial 
condition.  
By way of example to illustrate effects of interest rate changes, a 50 bps decrease of the risk-free interest rate would have 
resulted in a drop of the solvency capital requirement ratio ("SCR Ratio") by 13.8 percentage points as of 31 December 
2021. At the date of this Base Prospectus, interest rates have increased. Taking into account the observed developments 
in 2022, VIG would expect that the sensitivity calculation for 2021 and the effect on VIG's financial condition is still accurate 
valid. 
An increase in inflation rates may adversely affect the profitability of the products, for example higher claim costs 
and administration expenses, and as such may adversely affect VIG Group's results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Inflation is a decrease in the purchasing power of money, reflected in a general increase in the prices of goods and services 
in an economy and combined with an increase in interest rates. Besides the effects of the inflation on the capital markets, 
which might affect the investment portfolio of VIG Group, inflation might also lead to an increase in claims settlement costs 
and administration expenses. Especially in case of lines of business with longer tails, inflation might be an issue as claim 
reserves might be insufficient to cover the future cost of claim settlements. To compensate an increase in inflation, future

--- Page 21 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
21 | 129 
 
premium rates must be adjusted, however there might be restricted abilities (market expectations, contractual boundaries) 
to adjust premium rates timely when inflation rises, leading the insurer exposed to the premium risk. Overall sustainable 
inflation over a longer period of time has an impact on VIG Group’s profitability and business performance despite several 
mitigating effects in place (e.g., inflation indexation clauses). 
A re-intensifying COVID-19 pandemic or similar diseases could adversely affect VIG Group's business and the 
global economy more widely. 
The spread of COVID-19 has resulted in a sharp temporary economic downturn in countries in which VIG Group operates 
and the global economy more widely, as well as causing increased volatility and declines in financial markets. If the 
COVID-19 pandemic re-intensifies, or further diseases emerge that give rise to similar effects, the adverse impact on the 
global economy could be deepened and result in further declines in financial markets.  
Declines in financial markets due to the COVID-19 pandemic had the most significant impact on VIG Group. A range of 
factors caused by the COVID-19 pandemic including the weaker performance and liquidity of investment markets, interest 
rate movements and inflation influence the value of, and income from, these investment assets. A re-intensifying COVID-
19 pandemic or similar diseases will directly or indirectly affect reported financial results and solvency of VIG Group.  
As an insurer, VIG Group may be impacted by a re-intensifying COVID-19 pandemic also through its general insurance 
products even though the relevant terms and conditions of its insurance policies are updated regularly. This is primarily 
the result of adverse claims experience, increased mortality and morbidity. The COVID-19 pandemic may also result in 
increased operational risk, e.g., through staff absences for sickness and childcare, or VIG Group's outsourcing arrange-
ments impacting the quality and continuity of service to customers. 
As a result, the business, results of operations, corporate reputation and financial condition of VIG Group could be ad-
versely impacted for a substantial period of time. 
Credit spread volatility may adversely affect the net unrealised value of VIG Group's investment portfolio and its 
results of operations. 
VIG Group's exposure to credit spreads primarily relates to market price variability associated with changes in credit 
spreads in its investment portfolio. These are largely held to maturity, so although VIG Group's financial statements reflect 
the market value of assets, its priority remains the management of assets and liabilities over the longer-term. Credit spread 
moves may be caused by changes in market perceptions of the creditworthiness of a company, or from market factors 
such as the market's risk appetite and liquidity. A widening of credit spreads will generally reduce the value of fixed income 
securities VIG Group holds, and especially in case of large exposures towards one counterparty (e.g., exposures towards 
Erste Group resulting from our strategic partnership) changes in the creditworthiness and as such rating can impact the 
economic value of the investments. Conversely, credit spread tightening will generally increase the value of fixed income 
securities VIG Group holds. It can be difficult to value certain of VIG Group's securities if trading becomes less liquid. 
Accordingly, valuations of investments may include assumptions or estimates that may have significant period-to-period 
changes that could have a material adverse effect on VIG Group's consolidated results of operations or financial condition. 
Downturns in the net unrealised value of VIG Group's investment portfolio may also have a material adverse effect on VIG 
Group's balance sheet surplus as measured under Directive 2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 25 November 2009 on the taking-up and pursuit of the business of Insurance and Reinsurance ("Solvency II"), despite 
VIG Group setting aside significant capital for credit risk. By way of example to illustrate such effects, according to the 
sensitivity calculations of VIG, a 50 bps increase of credit spreads rate for corporate bonds would result in a drop of the 
SCR Ratio (as defined below) of 6.7 percentage points as of 31 December 2021. The same increase for credit spreads for 
government bonds would result in a drop of the SCR Ratio of 8.1 percentage points as of 31 December 2021. 
Losses due to defaults by counterparties, or changing market perceptions as to the risk of default could adversely 
affect the value of VIG Group's investments and reduce its profitability and shareholders' equity. 
VIG Group has significant exposure to third parties that owe it money, securities or other assets who may not perform

--- Page 22 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
22 | 129 
 
under their payment obligations (credit risk). These parties include private sector and government (or government-backed) 
issuers whose debt securities VIG Group holds in its investment portfolios, borrowers under residential and commercial 
mortgages and other loans, re-insurers to which VIG Group has ceded insurance risks, customers, trading counterparties, 
and counterparties under swap and other derivative contracts. Many of these transactions expose VIG Group to the risk of 
counterparty default. By way of indication, the exposure to third parties with significant credit risk (non-investment-grade 
or not rated) added up to 5.4% of the total value of investments in VIG Group's balance sheet as of 31 December 2021. In 
addition, with respect to secured transactions, VIG Group's credit risk may be increased when the collateral held by it 
cannot be realised or is liquidated at prices insufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or other value due. VIG Group 
uses reinsurance and hedging programmes to hedge various risks, including certain guaranteed minimum benefits con-
tained in many of its long-term insurance and fund management products. These programmes cannot eliminate all of the 
risks and no assurance can be given as to the extent to which such programmes will be effective in reducing such risks. 
Defaults by counterparties or losses or impairments to the carrying value of collateral could have a material adverse effect 
on VIG Group's financial condition, results of operations and profitability (to the extent any collateral mechanism, if such a 
mechanism is in place, also fails). By way of example to illustrate such effects, as of 31 December 2021, a 1-in-200 year 
spread risk event according to Solvency II (i.e., for exposures towards bonds and loans) would have resulted in an eco-
nomic loss in basic own funds in the amount of EUR 1,330 million as of 31 December 2021 and a 1-in-200 year counter-
party default event (i.e., exposures resulting from cash at banks and (reinsurance) receivables) would have resulted in an 
economic loss in basic own funds in the amount of EUR 376 million. 
Falls in equity or property prices could have an adverse impact on VIG Group's investment portfolio and impact 
on its results of operations and shareholders' equity. 
VIG Group is subject to equity and property price risk due to holdings of equities and investment properties in a variety of 
locations. Downturns in equity markets will depress equity prices and have a negative impact on VIG Group's capital 
position in those unrealised losses in its net investment portfolio will increase, and its defined benefit pension scheme 
surplus/deficit will reduce/increase as the market value of scheme assets invested in equities decreases. Downturns and 
volatility in equity markets can have a material adverse effect on the revenues and returns from VIG Group's unit-linked 
and participating business. Downturns in equity markets may also have a material effect on VIG Group's regulatory capital 
surplus as measured under the Solvency II Directive. Based on the sensitivity calculations for the financial year 2021, VIG 
expects an increase in the solvency position of 12.8 percentage points in case of a 25% drop in standard equities. 
VIG Group provides certain guarantees within some of its products (primarily in pension products in Austria (prämienbegün-
stigten Zukunftsvorsorge)) that protect policyholders against significant downturns in the equity markets. In volatile or de-
clining equity market conditions, VIG Group may need to increase liabilities for future policy benefits and policyholder 
account balances, negatively affecting net income. For property investment, VIG Group is subject to risk with respect to 
valuation (potential bubbles in the property markets, adequacy of the property appraisals), counterparties (rental utilisation, 
tenant bankruptcy) and liquidity (properties are not as liquid as other assets). 
Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect VIG Group's results of operations and financial 
condition. 
VIG Group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign currency exchange risk arising from fluctuations in exchange 
rates of various currencies. As of 31 December 2021, VIG net assets were denominated in a variety of currencies, of which 
the largest are the euro, Czech crown and Polish zloty. In managing VIG Group's foreign currency exposures, it does not 
hedge currency exposures resulting from the equity of participations held on holding level, as these are considered inherent 
in international active groups covering various monetary areas. Nevertheless, the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on 
local operating results could lead to significant fluctuations in VIG Group's consolidated financial statements upon transla-
tion of the results into euro.  
Although VIG Group takes certain actions (hedging of expected dividend payments of Polish and Czech group entities, 
currency matching on a local level) to address this risk, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation could materially ad-
versely affect its reported results due to unhedged positions or the failure of hedges to effectively offset the impact of the

--- Page 23 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
23 | 129 
 
foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation. Any adverse foreign currency exchange fluctuation may also have a material 
adverse effect on VIG Group's regulatory capital surplus based on the Solvency II Directive. As of 31 December 2021, the 
highest net exposures towards foreign currencies are resulting from VIG's participations in Czech Republic (EUR 1,639 
million), Poland (EUR 630 million) and Romania (EUR 256 million) as well as investments in USD (EUR 386 million).  
Catastrophic events, which are often unpredictable by nature, could result in material losses and abruptly and 
significantly interrupt VIG Group's business activities and results of operations. This risk is heightened in view of 
the consequences of climate change. 
VIG Group's business is exposed to volatile natural and man-made disasters such as pandemics, hurricanes, snow pres-
sure, hail, flood, windstorms, earthquakes, terrorism, riots, fires and explosions. Such events may not only affect insurance 
claims but could also adversely impact investment markets and cause declines in the value of VIG Group's investment 
portfolio. Over the past several years, changing weather patterns and climatic conditions have added to the unpredictability 
and frequency of natural disasters in certain parts of the world and created additional uncertainty as to future trends and 
exposure. 
VIG Group's life insurance operations are exposed to the risk of catastrophic mortality, such as a pandemic or other event 
that causes a large number of deaths. The effectiveness of external parties, including governmental and nongovernmental 
organisations, in combating the spread and severity of such a pandemic could have a material impact on the losses expe-
rienced by VIG Group (see the risk factor above entitled "The COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects VIG Group's business 
and the global economy more widely" for discussion of the COVID-19 pandemic). 
Market conditions beyond VIG Group's control determine the availability and cost of the reinsurance protection it pur-
chases. Accordingly, VIG Group may be forced to incur additional expenses for reinsurance or may not be able to obtain 
sufficient reinsurance on acceptable terms, which could adversely affect its ability to write future business. 
Climate change may result in VIG Group's pricing being based on inadequate or inaccurate data or inappropriate assump-
tions, and may cause VIG Group to incorrectly estimate future increases in the frequency and severity of claims. As a 
result, VIG Group could under-price risks, which could negatively affect its claims ratio for general insurance business, or 
VIG Group could overprice risks, which could reduce its business volume and competitiveness. Climate change may also 
mean that it is no longer commercially viable for VIG Group and its competitors to provide flood and windstorm insurance 
cover at an affordable price to an increasing proportion of the population in the markets in which it operates and it is unclear 
what future governmental public and regulatory policy response to this market failure would be. 
VIG Group has a significant exposure to annuity business and a significant life insurance risk is associated with 
longevity. 
Longevity statistics are monitored in detail, compared with emerging industry trends, and the results are used to inform 
both the reserving and pricing of annuities. It is likely that uncertainty will remain in the development of future longevity that 
cannot be mitigated. A strengthening in the longevity assumption, either to reflect changes in the underlying life expectancy 
(for example, as a result of healthier lifestyles, improved screening programmes or increased availability or effectiveness 
of medical treatments) of the population or of VIG Group's particular portfolio used to calculate VIG Group's long-term 
business liabilities, would result in an increase in these reserves and reduce shareholders' equity. 
Adverse conditions in financial markets may adversely affect VIG Group's financial flexibility in addressing liquid-
ity needs, as well as access to, and the cost of, capital which could adversely affect its results of operations or 
financial condition. 
At Group level, VIG Group needs some of its invested assets to be liquid to pay its operating expenses, taxes, interest on 
its debt, dividends on its capital stock and to repay maturing debt. At an operational level VIG Group also needs liquidity 
and sufficient cash flow sources to meet insurance claims. Without sufficient liquidity, VIG Group could be forced to curtail 
its operations and VIG Group's business would suffer. The principal sources of VIG Group's liquidity are insurance premi-
ums, annuity considerations and cash flow from its investment portfolio and assets, consisting mainly of cash or assets

--- Page 24 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
24 | 129 
 
that are readily convertible into cash. Sources of liquidity in normal markets also include a variety of short and long-term 
instruments. 
VIG Group may refinance existing financing arrangements and may, in exceptional circumstances, need to seek additional 
financing to supplement liquidity available from internal resources. The availability of additional financing will depend on a 
variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit, the overall availability of credit to the financial 
services industry and the market's perception of VIG Group's financial condition. Adverse market conditions may limit VIG 
Group's ability to replace, in a timely manner, maturing debt, satisfy statutory capital requirements and generate fee income 
and market related revenue to meet liquidity needs. 
If the liquidity risk materialises, VIG Group may be forced to reduce its dividends, defer interest payments or redemptions, 
delay raising capital, issue shorter-term securities than it prefers, or bear an unattractive cost of capital which could de-
crease profitability and reduce financial flexibility. VIG Group's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows 
could be materially adversely affected. 
VIG Group is exposed to various local political, regulatory and economic conditions, business risks and chal-
lenges which may affect the demand for its products and services, the value of its investment portfolios and the 
credit quality of local counterparties. 
VIG Group offers products and services in Austria, Central, Central and Eastern, Eastern and Northern Europe through 
wholly owned and majority owned subsidiaries, joint ventures, agents and independent contractors. VIG Group's interna-
tional operations expose it to local political, regulatory, business and financial risks and challenges which may affect the 
demand for its products and services, the value of its investment portfolio, the required levels of capital and surplus, and 
the credit quality of local counterparties. These risks include, for example, political, social or economic instability in coun-
tries in which VIG Group operates, discriminatory regulation, credit risks of VIG Group's counterparties, lack of local busi-
ness experience in certain markets, and, in certain cases, risks associated with the potential incompatibility with foreign 
partners. The relevance of such risks strongly varies from country to country. While some countries in which VIG Group is 
conducting business are more likely to undergo political, economic and social changes, others are expected to be more 
stable. 
VIG Group's business could be adversely affected by this risk as VIG Group's overall success as an international business 
and the results of its operations depend, in part, upon its ability to succeed in different economic, social and political 
conditions. 
VIG Group's business depends also on the overall stability of the geopolitical situation. Crisis situations with military actions 
and resulting sanctions as was and is the case in Ukraine and Russia in 2021 and 2022 might affect the financial markets 
and dampen the economic development in the countries where VIG operates. As a consequence, VIG Group's overall 
development might also be affected. 
 
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE BUSINESS OF VIG GROUP 
VIG Group's business is conducted in highly competitive environments 
In the markets in which VIG Group operates, VIG Group faces competitors that are comparable in size scope and brand 
recognition. Competitors may have greater financial resources or greater market share, may offer a broader range of 
products, may benefit from more advantageous tax treatments, or may have higher bonus rates or claims paying ratios. 
Furthermore, VIG Group faces intense competition from local and international insurers that may be more established in 
and may have other competitive advantages, such as greater size and breadth, which may limit VIG Group's ability to be 
successful. In addition, local laws and regulations may be tailored to domestic providers, which may pose additional chal-
lenges to VIG Group's business. 
VIG Group believes that competition will intensify across all regions in response to consumer demand, technological

--- Page 25 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
25 | 129 
 
advances, the impact of consolidation, regulatory actions and other factors. VIG Group's ability to generate an appropriate 
return depends significantly upon its capacity to anticipate and respond appropriately to these competitive pressures. 
As a holding company, the Issuer is to a large extent dependent over the medium to long-term on its operating 
subsidiaries to cover operating expenses and dividend payments. 
Apart from reinsurance and international corporate business, the Issuer's principal sources of funding are dividends from 
subsidiaries, shareholder-backed funds and any amounts that may be raised through loans or the issuance of debt. VIG 
Group's insurance operations are predominantly conducted through direct and indirect subsidiaries. Certain subsidiaries 
have regulatory restrictions that may limit the payment of dividends and could prompt a decision to inject capital, which in 
some more adverse circumstances and over the longer-term could limit VIG Group's ability to pay dividends to sharehold-
ers. For example, payment of dividends by VIG Group company Kooperativa in the Czech Republic was suspended due 
to the COVID-19 pandemic. In Poland, regulatory restrictions on dividend payments depending on the relevant company's 
solvency apply. Dividend payment restrictions (in particular to strengthen solvency positions) may also apply in other juris-
dictions in which VIG Group companies operate business.  
If such regulatory restrictions in the countries where the subsidiaries are domiciled tighten the amount of dividends the 
Issuer receives may fall. Any restrictions on the transferability and fungibility of capital between subsidiaries and the Issuer 
may result in an adverse impact on the liquidity situation of the Issuer and/or in restrictions to VIG Group's Solvency II own 
funds recognised to the extent these funds cannot be made available to the Issuer within nine months and thus adversely 
impact VIG Group's solvency position. 
VIG Group operates in several markets through arrangements with third parties, and this may expose it to addi-
tional risks. 
VIG Group's ability to exercise management control or influence over its partnership operations, its joint ventures and its 
investment in them depends on the terms of the legal agreements. In particular, the relationships depend on the allocation 
of control among, and continued co-operation between, the participants.  
VIG Group may also face financial or other exposure in the event that any of its partners fail to meet their obligations under 
their partnership agreements or encounter financial difficulty. Partnership agreements may also be terminated on certain 
dates or subject to certain conditions and could be subject to renewal on less favourable terms. In addition, a significant 
proportion of VIG Group's product distribution is carried out through arrangements with third parties not controlled by VIG 
Group and is dependent upon the continuation of these relationships (distribution of approximately 10% via financial insti-
tutions, approximately 56% via brokers and multi-agents, approximately 10% via other third-party distributors). The failure 
of any key vendors to fulfil their obligations could lead to operational issues for VIG Group and in certain products could 
result in financial losses for its clients and impact its results of operations. 
The most important example for such third-party arrangement is the cooperation between VIG and Erste Group Bank AG 
concerning the framework of the cooperation in Central Eastern Europe ("CEE") with respect to bank and insurance prod-
ucts. 
Market fluctuations may cause the value of options and guarantees embedded in some of VIG Group's life insur-
ance products to exceed the value of the assets backing their reserves, which could adversely affect VIG Group's 
results of operations or financial condition. 
Certain VIG Group companies have given guarantees and options, including interest rate and investment return guaran-
tees, in respect of certain long-term insurance products. In order to illustrate the significance of this risk: As of 31 December 
2021, the average guarantee towards customers amounts to 1.80% of the provisions in the amount of approximately 
EUR 20.6 billion created for future benefits. In providing these guarantees and options, VIG Group's capital position is 
sensitive to fluctuations in financial variables, including interest rates, property values and equity prices. 
Interest rate guaranteed returns, such as those available on guaranteed annuity options, are sensitive to interest rates 
falling below the guaranteed level. Other guarantees, such as maturity value guarantees and guarantees in relation to

--- Page 26 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
26 | 129 
 
minimum rates of return, are sensitive to fluctuations in the investment return below the level assumed when the guarantee 
was made. 
It is feasible that further reductions could be made to the base interest rate. Periods of significant and sustained downturns 
in equity markets, increased equity volatility or reduced interest rates could result in an increase in the valuation of the 
future policy benefits or policyholder account balance liabilities associated with such products, resulting in a reduction to 
net income. VIG Group uses certain actions (such as asset liability management) to mitigate the risks related to these 
benefits. However, VIG Group remains ultimately liable for the guaranteed benefit. 
In addition, VIG Group is subject to the risk that unanticipated policyholder behaviour or mortality, combined with adverse 
market events, produces economic losses beyond the scope of the risk management techniques employed. These, indi-
vidually or collectively, may have a material adverse effect on VIG Group's results of operations, financial condition or 
liquidity. 
VIG Group's acquisitions and other corporate transactions may not realise expected benefits and may divert man-
agement attention and other resources and involve risks of undisclosed liabilities and integration issues. 
VIG Group is completing, and has completed in the past years, a number of acquisitions and VIG Group may undertake 
further acquisitions in the future. The latest significant acquisition was the CEE business of Aegon Group. At the date of 
this prospectus the closing of the acquisition of the Aegon companies in Hungary and Turkey took place, whereas the 
acquisition of the Polish and Romanian Aegon companies is still in the closing phase. Growth by acquisition involves risks 
that could adversely affect VIG Group's operating results, including the substantial amount of management time and other 
resources that may be diverted from operations to pursue and complete acquisitions, or risks of undisclosed liabilities or 
integration or separation issues. Acquisition transactions may not be successfully completed or completed as intended 
originally due to legal developments during the acquisition (e.g., as occurred in the course of the acquisition of Aegon HU) 
or other obstacles (such as refusal of antitrust approvals by competent authorities). The integration of acquisitions may not 
be successful or in line with VIG Group's expectations and any acquired businesses may fail to achieve, in the near or long 
term, the financial results projected or the strategic objectives of the relevant acquisition (such as cost savings, synergies 
or market entries in new business segments) and, once acquired, may continue to divert further management attention 
and resources or necessitate changes in Group strategy. In addition, management estimates used in valuing and amortis-
ing deferred acquisition costs and acquired value of in-force business and actual experience may vary significantly, if VIG 
Group's business does not perform well. The inability to realise expected benefits from such transactions may adversely 
affect VIG Group's results of operations.  
The determination of the amount of allowances and impairments taken on VIG Group's investments is highly 
subjective. VIG Group's process for valuing investments may include methodologies, estimations and assump-
tions which require judgement and could result in changes to investment valuations. 
The determination of the amount of allowances and impairments varies by investment type and is based upon VIG Group's 
periodic evaluation and assessment of known risks associated with the respective asset class. Such evaluations and as-
sessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available and additional impairments may need 
to be taken or allowances provided for in the future. If VIG Group's business does not perform well, it may be required to 
recognise an impairment of its goodwill or intangibles with indefinite and finite useful lives, which could adversely affect 
VIG Group's results of operations or financial condition. 
VIG Group is subject to operational risks, including the risk of direct or indirect loss resulting from inadequate or 
failed internal and external processes, systems and human error or from malicious acts by third parties or external 
events. 
VIG Group's operations are exposed to risk from potential non-compliance with policies, employee misconduct or negli-
gence and fraud, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious reputational or financial harm. VIG Group's systems 
and processes on which it is dependent to serve its customers are designed to identify appropriately and address the 
operational risks associated with its activities. However, they may nonetheless fail due to IT malfunctions, human error,

--- Page 27 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
27 | 129 
 
intentional disruption through the hacking of VIG Group's IT systems, phishing attacks, planting of malware by third parties 
or by other means, business interruptions, non-performance by third parties or other external events and failure of disaster 
recovery arrangements. This could disrupt business operations resulting in material reputational damage and the loss of 
customers, and have a consequent material adverse effect on VIG Group's results of operations and financial condition. 
Although VIG Group has taken steps to upgrade systems and processes to reduce these operational risks, VIG Group 
cannot anticipate the details or timing of all possible operational and systems failures which may adversely impact its 
business. The increasing sophistication of cyber criminals and the importance of digital interaction with VIG Group's cus-
tomers to its strategy means the inherent risk of failure of its operations due to the malicious acts of third parties is expected 
to increase.  
VIG Group is reliant on IT systems and there are risks associated with ongoing transformation programmes within 
VIG group companies affecting local core insurance systems' landscape that can decelerated abilities of VIG 
Group to adapt to growth in the business or new styles of doing business. 
Key IT initiatives may not deliver what is required either on time or within budget or provide the performance levels required 
to support the current and future needs of the business. VIG group companies are performing digitalization and transfor-
mation initiatives, affecting their entire IT domain and in particular core insurance systems' landscape aiming architectural 
modernization, higher integrability and extended configurability capabilities. Significant resources are devoted to maintain-
ing existing and developing target IT solutions to keep pace with developments within the insurance and fund management 
industries, reduce the risk of error and to maintain service levels and availability at acceptable levels. Failure to do so could 
result in the inability to gather information for pricing, underwriting and reserving, to attract and retain customers or meet 
regulatory requirements or only to do so at excessive cost. Therefore, this could have a material adverse effect on VIG 
Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The use of inaccurate assumptions in pricing and reserving for insurance business may have an adverse effect 
on VIG Group's business profitability. 
There is a risk that assumptions made by VIG Group companies when pricing, underwriting and reserving in relation to the 
life insurance business may prove to be incorrect. Such assumptions are based on a number of factors including market 
data and historical experience, estimates and individual expert judgements in respect of known or potential future changes 
as well as statistical projections of what VIG Group believes will be the costs and cash flows of its assets and liabilities. 
Pricing and reserving factors include the mortality and morbidity rates of VIG Group's customers (the proportion of custom-
ers dying or falling sick or recovering from illness), the development of corporate bond yields and defaults, equity and 
property market values, interest rates, persistency rates (the proportion of customers retaining existing policies and con-
tinuing to pay premiums up to their maturity dates), the exercise by customers of options included within their policies and 
future levels of expenses. If such assumptions underlying the reserving basis were to prove incorrect, VIG Group might 
have to increase the amount of the general insurance provisions, which would adversely impact its financial condition or 
results of operations. 
VIG Group's risk management methods may leave it exposed to unidentified, unanticipated or incorrectly quanti-
fied risks, which could lead to material losses or material increases in liabilities. 
VIG Group's risk management policies, procedures and assessment methods to identify, assess and control risks to avoid 
or limit potential losses or liabilities may not be fully effective in identifying and mitigating the risk exposure of such busi-
nesses in all market environments or against all types of risk. Unanticipated or incorrectly quantified risk exposures and/or 
inadequate or incorrect responses to these risk exposures could result in a material adverse effect on VIG Group's busi-
ness, results of operations and/or financial condition. 
VIG Group employs a range of different modelling approaches are used to derive and evaluate the strategies adopted. 
The breakdown of the assumptions used in these modelling approaches, which may occur during market dislocations, 
could cause these risk mitigation strategies to be less effective than anticipated and thereby adversely affect VIG Group's 
financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 28 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
28 | 129 
 
VIG Group currently uses the reinsurance markets primarily to limit its risk, to support growth and to manage its capital 
more efficiently. VIG Group is exposed to concentrations of risk with individual reinsurers due to the nature of the reinsur-
ance market and the restricted range of reinsurers that have acceptable credit ratings. VIG Group is also exposed to any 
systemic failure in the reinsurance market. Therefore, VIG Group is exposed to disputes on, and defects in, contracts with 
its reinsurers, challenges to claims asserted against reinsurers and the possibility of default by its reinsurers. 
There is a risk that customer data could be stolen, lost or misused. 
VIG Group collects and processes significant amounts of sensitive personal data (including name, address, age, medical 
details, bank details and other personal data) from its customers, business contacts and employees. Despite the controls 
put in place, there remains a risk that this data could be stolen, lost, corrupted and/or misused as a result of an intentional 
or unintentional act by parties internal or external to VIG Group, including through the hacking of its IT systems and failure 
to adequately encrypt data. This could result in fines, the need to compensate customers, the cost of remediation and a 
negative impact on VIG Group's reputation with the consequential impact on sales volumes, persistency levels, and third-
party managed funds, and hence adversely impact its results of operations. 
VIG Group is required to comply with data protection and privacy laws and industry standards in Austria, the EU and the 
countries of residence of VIG Group's customers. This includes compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation 
(EU) 2016/679) ("GDPR"). The GDPR increases the maximum levels of fines for compliance failures to 4 per cent. of VIG 
Group's global annual turnover. 
There is a risk that data collected by VIG Group and its third-party service providers is not processed in accordance with 
notifications made to, or obligations imposed by, data subjects, regulators, or other counterparties or applicable law. Failure 
to operate effective data collection controls could potentially lead to regulatory censure, fines, reputational and financial 
costs as well as result in potential inaccurate rating of risks or overpayment of claims. 
The failure to attract or retain the necessary personnel, or to keep existing personnel's skills up to date and in line 
with VIG Group's strategy, could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations and/or its businesses. 
As an international insurance group with a decentralised management structure, VIG Group relies to a considerable extent 
on the quality of local management in the countries in which it operates. The success of VIG Group operations is depend-
ent, among other things, on its ability to attract and retain highly qualified professional employees. 
Competition for such key employees is intense. VIG Group's ability to attract and retain key employees is dependent on a 
number of factors, including prevailing market conditions, working environment and compensation packages offered by 
companies competing for the same talent. 
Further, heightened competition for talented and skilled employees with local experience, particularly in the emerging, high 
growth markets, may adversely impact VIG Group by limiting its ability to grow businesses as quickly as planned. 
VIG Group is dependent on the strength of its brands and its reputation with customers, agents, brokers, banks 
and other distributers in the sale of its products and services. 
VIG Group's results are, to a certain extent, dependent on the strength of its brand and reputation. While the brands of VIG 
Group are well recognised, they are vulnerable to adverse market and customer perception. VIG Group operates in an 
industry where integrity, customer trust and confidence are paramount. VIG Group is exposed to the risk that litigation, 
employee misconduct, operational failures, the outcome of regulatory investigations, press speculation and negative pub-
licity, disclosure of confidential client information, inadequate services, amongst others, whether true or not, could impact 
its brand or reputation. VIG Group's brand and reputation could also be affected if products or services recommended by 
it (or any of its intermediaries) do not perform as expected (whether or not the expectations are realistic) or in line with the 
customers' expectations for the product range. Such events, which cannot be readily controlled, could adversely affect its 
results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 29 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
29 | 129 
 
The implementation of VIG Group's strategy may not proceed as expected. 
Building on VIG’s strategy Agenda 2020 and in response to current trends and developments and their impact on the 
insurance business, clear requirements emerged for the Group: productivity (supported by e.g., digitization), developing 
new ways to approach and retain customers and extending the value chain beyond insurance (e.g., understanding risk 
provisions). Strengthening the sustainability of the business model will play an integral part. In this respect, VIG Group 
aims to be at least one of the top three insurance groups in each CEE market by 2025 (with the exception of Slovenia).  
The implementation of any such strategy, changes in strategy, adoption of any new strategy, Group reorganization and/or 
entry into new markets typically involves increased cost expenditure and could entail significant changes in VIG Group's 
business which may lead to higher levels of risk or could adversely affect the results of operations, the financial condition 
and/or the credit and financial strength ratings of VIG Group. 
VIG Group may be unable to execute, or may encounter difficulties or delays in successfully executing, and, hence, not 
meet its business and strategic goals. Any such development may be caused by and be subject to the risks set out herein 
and/or caused by other factors that are currently not to be foreseen and which may be beyond VIG's control. Failure to 
achieve any or all strategic goals, or the encounter of unexpected delay or unforeseen costs in implementing such goals, 
could adversely affect VIG Group's results of operations and, subsequently, VIG's financial condition, resulting in an impact 
on VIG's reputation and standing in the market place. 
VIG Group is rated by the rating agency Standard & Poor's, and a decline in this rating could affect its standing 
among customers, broker-dealers, agents, wholesalers and other distributors of VIG Group's products and ser-
vices and cause its sales and earnings to decrease. 
A rating downgrade, or the perceived potential for such a downgrade, of VIG or VIG RE zajiš'ovna, a. s. ("VIG Re") may, 
among other things, materially increase the number of policy surrenders and withdrawals by policyholders of cash values 
from their policies, as ratings principally inform public confidence in VIG Group's products. The outcome of such activities 
may be cash payments requiring the sale of invested assets, including illiquid assets, at a price that may result in realised 
investment losses. These cash payments to policyholders would result in a decrease in total invested assets and a de-
crease in net income. Among other things, early withdrawals may also cause VIG Group to accelerate amortisation of 
policy acquisition costs, which would reduce net income. A rating downgrade may also impact sales volumes, in markets 
in which brokers focus more on ratings when evaluating similar products. A significant rating downgrade may also adversely 
impact VIG Group by increasing VIG Group's cost of borrowing or limiting its access to some forms of financing. 
Risks in connection with the cooperation between VIG Group and Erste Group Bank AG, its affiliated company 
and other members of the savings bank sector (Sparkassensektor). 
VIG Group distributes parts of its products through Erste Group Bank AG, its affiliated companies and other members of 
the savings bank sector. In addition, VIG Group holds considerable volumes of assets whose price depend on the credit 
rating and performance of Erste Group Bank AG and its affiliated companies as well as other members of the savings bank 
sector. Due to this close cooperation, which also includes a participation of Wiener Städtische Wechselseitiger Versicher-
ungsverein in Erste Group Bank AG, there is a substantial risk in case of negative developments at Erste Group Bank AG, 
its affiliated companies and the savings bank sector (concentration risk). Negative developments at Erste Group Bank AG, 
its affiliated companies and/or the savings bank sector can therefore have an adverse impact on the VIG Group and affect 
the Issuer's ability to make payments under the Notes. This also includes an impairment of the rating of Erste Group Bank 
AG and its affiliated companies as well as other members of the savings bank sector. If a rating agency suspends, down-
grades or withdraws the rating of significant counterparties of VIG Group, such as Erste Group Bank AG, or publishes 
unfavourable reports or outlooks about them, this may lead to a significant decrease of the prices of the respective assets. 
All of these factors could have adverse effects on VIG Group's net assets, solvency, financial position and results of oper-
ations and thus limit the Issuer's ability to make payments under the Notes.

--- Page 30 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
30 | 129 
 
3. 
RISKS RELATING TO REGULATION AND LEGISLATION 
VIG Group is exposed to legal, supervisory and regulatory risks which may impact its profitability and may subject 
it to financial penalties and adverse publicity resulting from regulatory intervention. 
VIG Group is subject to extensive laws and regulations that are administered and enforced by a number of different gov-
ernmental authorities and non-governmental agencies, including the FMA, the European Insurance and Occupational Pen-
sions Authority ("EIOPA") and other regulators. These authorities may seek to exercise their supervisory or enforcement 
authority in new or more robust ways. All of these possibilities, if they occurred, could affect the way VIG Group conducts 
its business and manages its capital, and may require VIG Group to satisfy increased capital requirements. 
Insurance regulation in Austria and the regulations that apply to VIG Group's subsidiaries are largely based on the require-
ments of EU directives. Inconsistent application of directives by regulators in different EU member states may place VIG 
Group at a competitive disadvantage to other European financial services groups. In addition, changes in the local regula-
tory regimes of designated territories could affect the calculation of VIG Group's solvency position. 
VIG Group's insurance subsidiaries and branches are subject to detailed and comprehensive government regulation in 
each of the jurisdictions in which they conduct business. Regulatory agencies have broad administrative power over many 
aspects of the insurance business, which may include premium rates, marketing and selling practices, advertising, licens-
ing agents, policy forms, capital adequacy and permitted investments. Government regulators are concerned primarily with 
the protection of policyholders rather than VIG Group's shareholders or creditors.  
The failure of any of VIG Group's subsidiaries to meet minimum capital and surplus requirements could subject VIG Group 
to further examination or corrective action imposed by insurance regulators, including limitations on its ability to write ad-
ditional business, increased supervision by regulators or the implementation of resolution plans. Any corrective action 
imposed could have a material adverse effect on VIG Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Certain subsidiaries have regulatory restrictions that may limit the payment of dividends and could prompt a decision to 
inject capital (see the risk factor above entitled "As a holding company, the Issuer is to a large extent dependent over the 
medium to long-term on its operating subsidiaries to cover operating expenses and dividend payments"). 
In Austria, VIG Group's business is subject to regulation by the FMA, which has broad powers, including the authority to 
grant, vary the terms of, or cancel a regulated firm's authorisation, to investigate marketing and sales practices, to make 
product intervention rules and to require the maintenance of adequate financial resources. The FMA has the power to 
undertake a range of investigative, disciplinary or enforcement actions, including public censure, restitution, fines or sanc-
tions and to require firms to pay compensation. The FMA may make enquiries of the companies which they regulate 
regarding compliance with regulations governing the operation of business and VIG Group faces the risk that the FMA 
could find that VIG Group has failed to comply with applicable regulations or has not undertaken corrective action as 
required. 
Outside of Austria, and in particular outside the EEA, VIG Group's businesses are regulated by local regulators that often 
have similar powers to the FMA and the exercise of these powers could therefore have a similar negative impact on 
perceptions of its businesses or have a material adverse effect on its business. 
Failure to meet regulatory capital requirements and regulatory restrictions may have material adverse effects on 
VIG Group. 
Insurance companies are required to maintain a minimum level of assets in excess of their liabilities (referred to as regu-
latory capital). As of the date of this Prospectus, the relevant companies within VIG Group satisfy all of their current regu-
latory requirements in this regard. Fluctuations in the fixed income and equity markets would, however, directly or indirectly, 
affect levels of regulatory capital held by such VIG Group companies. In addition, management estimates are required in 
the derivation of Solvency II capital metrics. These include modelling simplifications to reflect that it is not possible to 
perfectly model future developments of the external environment which cannot be predicted in advance, requiring

--- Page 31 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
31 | 129 
 
adjustments to be made if and when new data emerge. 
An inability to meet regulatory capital requirements, a breach of regulatory capital requirements or a reduction of SCR 
Ratios (as defined below) in the future would be likely to lead to intervention by the respective regulators. Such powers are 
proposed to be extended in the current review of Solvency II and the proposed Insurance Recovery and Resolution Di-
rective, which was published on 22 September 2021 (such proposal hereinafter referred to as the "Draft IRRD"), namely 
by introducing macroprudential intervention powers and early intervention powers, which may be available to supervisory 
or other authorities before or without a breach of regulatory capital requirements, and resolution powers of the resolution 
authority. However, the proposals are not yet in final form, and accordingly, it is not yet possible to assess the full impact 
of the amendment of Solvency II and the Draft IRRD or any Austrian legislation implementing the respective provisions. 
This will require VIG Group to take steps to restore the level of regulatory capital held to acceptable levels and may result 
in the Issuer injecting new capital into its Subsidiaries which could in turn adversely affect the Issuer's capital and financial 
position. Moreover, regulatory restrictions can reduce the Issuer's ability to move capital within VIG Group which in turn 
can adversely affect the liquidity and financial position of the Issuer and VIG Group. 
If VIG Group fails to meet regulatory capital requirements or if regulatory restrictions reduce the Issuer's ability to move 
capital within VIG Group, this may have a material adverse effect on VIG Group's prospects, reputation, business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
VIG Group's regulated businesses may be subject to further extensive regulatory supervision in the future both 
in Austria and internationally. 
VIG Group will not always be able to predict the impact of future legislation or regulation or changes in the interpretation 
or operation of existing legislation or regulation on its business, results of operations and financial condition. New regula-
tions or changes in existing regulations may be imposed in relation to, among others, permitted product features, conduct 
of business, underwriting practices (e.g., genetic testing), guarantees, profit sharing, personnel rules, reserving and sol-
vency. The timing and form of future changes in regulation are unpredictable and beyond VIG Group's control. For instance, 
it is unclear how the Common Framework for the Supervision of Internationally Active Insurance Groups (Comframe) of 
the International Association of Insurance Supervisors (IAIS) will finally be implemented.  
The ongoing review of the legal framework of Solvency II, including the European Commission's proposal to amend Euro-
pean Directive 2009/138/EC (Solvency II) may lead to further changes in the insurance industry's solvency framework, 
capital requirements and prudential regime as well as associated costs and impact the volume or quality of new sales or 
the profitability of in-force business. By way of an example, changes in the framework can have a (negative) impact on the 
solvency position of insurance companies and groups, especially if changes are made in the valuation methods and eval-
uation of significant risk factors (e.g., extrapolation of the risk-free interest rate curve and the calculation of the interest rate 
risk). The aim of the newly proposed Insurance Recovery and Resolution Directive is to ensure that insurers and relevant 
authorities in the EU are better prepared in cases of significant financial distress (for further details see "Risk Factors—
Risks Relating to the Structure of the Notes—Risks Related to Regulation—Risks in connection with the adoption of a 
recovery and resolution regime for insurers and reinsurers").  
Changes in government policy, legislation or regulatory interpretation applying to companies in the insurance industries in 
any of the markets in which VIG Group operates, which may be applied retrospectively, may adversely affect the range of 
products offered, the terms and conditions applicable to these products (including retrospectively), distribution channels, 
capital requirements, dividends payable by subsidiaries and, consequently, results and financing requirements. 
From time to time, changes in the interpretation of existing tax laws, amendments to existing tax rates or the 
introduction of new tax legislation may adversely impact VIG Group's business. 
VIG Group operates in numerous tax jurisdictions around the world and faces risks associated with changes in tax law, 
interpretation of tax law, changes in tax rates and the risk of failure to comply with procedures required by tax authorities. 
Failure to manage tax risks could lead to an additional tax charge or a financial penalty.

--- Page 32 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
32 | 129 
 
If, as a result of a particular tax risk materialising, the tax costs associated with certain transactions are greater than 
anticipated, it could affect the profitability of those transactions. 
There are also specific rules governing the taxation of policyholders. VIG Group is unable to predict accurately the impact 
of future changes in tax law on the taxation of life insurance and pension policies in the hands of policyholders. Amend-
ments to existing legislation, particularly if there is the withdrawal of any tax relief, or an increase in tax rates, or the 
introduction of new rules, may affect the future long-term business and the decisions of policyholders. The impact of such 
changes upon VIG Group might depend on the mix of business in-force at the time of such change. 
The design of life insurance products takes into account a number of factors, including risks and taxation and is based on 
the tax legislation in force at that time. Changes in tax legislation or in the interpretation of tax legislation may therefore, 
when applied to such products, have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the relevant long-term business 
fund of the company in which the business was written. 
Changes to IFRS generally or specifically for insurance companies may materially adversely affect the reporting 
of VIG Group's financial results. 
VIG Group's accounts are prepared in accordance with the current IFRS as adopted by the EU applicable to the insurance 
industry. 
IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts, published by the International Accounting Standards Board (the "IASB") will be effective 
from 1 January 2023. This new standard introduces significant changes to the statutory reporting of insurance entities that 
prepare financial statements according to IFRS, changing the presentation and measurement of insurance contracts, in-
cluding the effect of technical reserves and reinsurance on the value of insurance contracts.  
The effect of changes required to VIG Group's accounting policies as a result of implementing the new standard was tested 
in a dry-run and will be applied during the comparative period in 2022 parallel to IFRS 4 / IAS39. Among other things, IFRS 
17 will alter the timing of IFRS profit recognition, costs and distributable retained earnings and will significantly impact VIG 
Group's reported results of operations and financial position. IFRS 9 Financial Instruments is mandatorily effective for 
periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018. For insurance companies it is possible to defer the effective date to 1 January 
2023. VIG Group has chosen the deferral approach for IFRS 9 and therefore this standard will become effective from 
1 January 2023. This standard changes the way financial assets (and liabilities) are recognized and measured and may 
lead to a higher volatility in VIG Group's financial statements. The fact that both standards (IFRS 9 and IFRS 17) will 
become effective at the same time increases the risk that both asset and liability portfolios are not well balanced according 
to the new presentation and valuation scheme and together with accounting mismatch further increase the volatility of the 
reported results. 
VIG Group purchased an IFRS 17 subledger Tool from SAP (FPSL). In addition, a project group including actuaries, ac-
countants and IT experts was set up that developed use cases of sample business transactions, which reflect the technical 
implementation of IFRS 17. 
There is a risk that any implementation measures undertaken by VIG Group may not be adequate or in time to prepare 
VIG Group for the expected significant changes in accounting and measuring of its core business. In particular, the inte-
gration and preparation of data required for timely implementation of IFRS 17 represents a key challenge. The highly 
complex implementation project may be more costly and resource intensive than currently anticipated, resulting in a higher 
expenditure than expected. Any of these factors could result in the implementation of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 to be delayed, 
or, if made in time, to be inadequate, which may have an adverse effect on the Group's financial condition and results of 
operations. 
VIG Group is involved in various legal proceedings, regulatory investigations and examinations and may be in-
volved in more in the future. 
VIG Group has been named as defendants in lawsuits. VIG Group has been subject to regulatory investigations or exam-
inations in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. These actions arise in various contexts, including in connection

--- Page 33 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
33 | 129 
 
with VIG Group's activities as an insurer, employer, investor and taxpayer. Lawsuits and investigations may also arise 
which could seek significant or unspecified amounts of damages and certain of the regulatory authorities involved in these 
proceedings have substantial powers over the conduct and operations of VIG Group's business. 
Due to the nature of certain of these lawsuits and investigations, VIG Group cannot make an estimate of loss or predict 
with any certainty the potential impact of these lawsuits or investigations. In the course of conducting insurance business, 
VIG Group receives general insurance liability claims, and becomes involved in actual or threatened related litigation aris-
ing therefrom, including claims in respect of pollution and other environmental hazards. Given the significant delays that 
are experienced in the notification of these claims, the potential number of incidents that they cover and the uncertainties 
associated with establishing liability and the availability of reinsurance, the ultimate cost cannot be determined with cer-
tainty. 
Additionally, it is possible that a regulator in one of VIG Group's major markets may conduct a review of products previously 
sold, either as part of an industry-wide review or specific to it. The result of this review may be to compensate customers 
for losses they have incurred as a result of the products they were sold. 
All of the above could adversely impact VIG Group's results of operations or financial condition. 
 
4. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE STRUCTURE OF THE NOTES 
The Notes are intended to constitute restricted Tier 1 own-funds for VIG and the VIG Group, i.e., subordinated 
debt of the highest possible quality from a regulatory capital perspective under European Directive 2009/138/EC 
(Solvency II). The regulatory criteria that the Notes must meet to qualify as restricted Tier 1 capital imply substan-
tial risks for investors, as summarized here and outlined further below.  
All payments under the Notes are at the full discretion of the Issuer and can be cancelled at any time. In addition, 
the Issuer will not be permitted to make interest payments, even if the Issuer wishes to do so, if one or more 
mandatory interest cancellation events occur or payment restrictions apply. The Notes are perpetual notes and 
deeply subordinated. In addition, the nominal amount of the Notes, in respect of which interest payments are 
made, will be written-down upon the occurrence of certain events. The write-down can be in full and can be per-
manent with no future write-up. There is a meaningful risk that investors lose all or parts of their investment. There 
are no events of default and investors have virtually no ability to influence the outcome of any insolvency pro-
ceedings.  
 
Risks Related to the Repayment of Principal  
Perpetual nature of the Notes (no final maturity date, no fixed redemption date), no events of default under the 
Notes and no right to require the repayment of the nominal amount of the Notes.  
The Notes are perpetual securities and have no final maturity date or fixed redemption date. This means that the Issuer 
has no obligation to return the nominal amount of the Notes. In addition, there are no events of default under the Notes, 
and under no circumstances will investors be able to declare the nominal amount of the Notes and interest accrued thereon 
as due and payable. There is no right of acceleration in case of non-payment of principal, interest amounts or other amounts 
scheduled for payment under the Notes, nor in case of any cancellation of interest or write-down of principal on the Notes, 
or in case of a failure by the Issuer to perform any other undertaking under the Notes. In addition, there is no right to require 
the Issuer to redeem the Notes. Accordingly, the Issuer is not required to make any repayment of the nominal amount of 
the Notes or accrued interest at any time or under any circumstances.  
The nominal amount of the Notes may be written down in whole or in part due to shortfalls in the regulatory capital of the 
Issuer or the VIG Group (see the risk factor below entitled "The nominal amount of the Notes may be written down (in

--- Page 34 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
34 | 129 
 
whole or in part) to absorb losses; investors have no right to compel a write-up in respect of the Notes; and any such write-
down may become permanent."). The occurrence of any of these events may result in investors losing all or part of their 
investment in the Notes.  
Any redemption by the Issuer is discretionary but remains subject to certain conditions and restrictions on re-
demption which may delay the effective redemption date.  
In addition to the perpetual nature of the Notes and the absence of any right by investors to require the Issuer to redeem 
the Notes, any discretionary redemption by the Issuer is subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions, including prior 
approval of the Austrian Financial Market Authority (Finanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde – FMA) or any authority which becomes 
its successor in such capacity as insurance regulator competent for the Issuer and/or the Issuer's Group (the "Competent 
Supervisory Authority"). Therefore, even if the Issuer wishes to redeem the Notes, the Issuer may not be entitled to do 
so.  
Even where a market expectation exists that the Issuer may redeem the Notes, the Issuer may in in its sole discretion 
refrain from calling the Notes. Even if a notice of redemption has been announced or delivered to investors, the Notes will 
not be redeemed by the Issuer if the conditions to redemption and repurchase are not met. In particular, the Issuer will not 
redeem the Notes if such redemption (a) would result in, or would accelerate, an insolvency event relating to the Issuer, 
(b) would occur at a time when insolvency or liquidation proceedings against certain regulated subsidiaries of the Issuer 
are commenced or ongoing or (c) would result in the breach of regulatory capital ratios applicable to the Issuer or the VIG 
Group, unless, in certain cases, exceptional permission from the Competent Supervisory Authority has been obtained and 
certain additional conditions to redemption and repurchase have been fulfilled. Additional conditions to redemption and 
repurchase will apply if the redemption takes place within ten years of the issue date or, in exceptional cases where the 
Issuer may be entitled to redeem the Notes, within five years of the issue date. In all cases, redemption requires prior 
approval of the Competent Supervisory Authority and such approval cannot be assumed to be granted even if all other 
conditions to redemption and repurchase are met. If the Competent Supervisory Authority rejects a proposed redemption 
for any reason, the Issuer is not obligated to take any legal action to appeal such decision, even if that decision is irrational.  
Any suspension of redemption of the Notes will not constitute a default under the Notes for any purpose and does not give 
investors any right to take any enforcement action under the Notes. The non-satisfaction of any conditions to redemption 
and repurchase will prevent a redemption or will delay the date on which the Notes are effectively redeemed, and will thus 
have a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes.  
The nominal amount of the Notes may be written down (in whole or in part) to absorb losses; investors have no 
right to compel a write-up in respect of the Notes; and any such write-down may become permanent.  
The Terms and Conditions provide that, upon the occurrence of certain trigger events, the nominal amount of the Notes 
will be written down in full to EUR 0.01 and as a result, investors could lose all value invested in the Notes. These trigger 
events are designed to reflect the applicable regulatory requirements for Tier 1 qualifying subordinated debt to absorb 
losses and depend on certain regulatory capital ratios applicable to the Issuer and the VIG Group. The Notes will be written 
down if (a) the solvency capital ratio applicable to the Issuer or the VIG Group is 75% or less, (b) the minimum capital ratio 
of the Issuer or the minimum consolidated group solvency capital ratio of VIG Group is 100% or less, or (c) the solvency 
capital ratio applicable to the Issuer or the VIG Group is less than 100% but more than 75% and remains below 100% for 
at least three months after non-compliance with the solvency capital requirement was determined for the first time. As of 
the date of this Prospectus, the "Group MCR" means the minimum consolidated group solvency capital requirement ap-
plicable to VIG Group, which, in each case, is calculated as the sum of the solo minimum (solvency) capital requirements 
of all those entities that are included in the respective group solvency calculation via an internal or standard model. How-
ever, for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions, Group MCR may prospectively refer to a different metric as may be 
applicable to VIG Group in the future, which functionally replaces the minimum consolidated group solvency capital re-
quirement for purposes of this write-down trigger. The European Commission suggests in its proposal to amend European 
Directive 2009/138/EC (Solvency II Directive) of 22 September 2021 (the "Solvency II Amendment Proposal") that the 
new trigger metric, the minimum consolidated group solvency capital requirement, should be the lower value of 45% of the

--- Page 35 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
35 | 129 
 
group SCR and the minimum consolidated group solvency capital requirement. However, there is neither a guarantee that 
such an amendment will be made to VIG Group trigger metric applicable on the date of this Base Prospectus, nor can it 
be ruled out that a different VIG Group trigger will be implemented in the future, which may imply higher risks for investors. 
Any one of these triggers could lead to a write-down of the Notes. Any one of these triggers could lead to a write-down of 
the Notes. The occurrence of one such trigger event does not preclude the occurrence of one or more other trigger events 
or a subsequent deterioration event. Moreover, failure to give notice of a write-down as provided for in the Terms and 
Conditions is not an event of default and will not entitle investors to limit any write-down or require the redemption of the 
Notes.  
The Issuer may, at its own discretion and with binding effect on investors, determine the occurrence of a trigger event 
pursuant to the then prevailing Applicable Supervisory Requirements (as defined below). Once the Issuer has determined 
such an occurrence of a trigger event, the nominal amount of the Notes will be written down in full to EUR 0.01, unless the 
then prevailing requirements for the recognition of the Notes as a restricted Tier 1 instrument permit the Issuer, and the 
Issuer in its sole discretion elects, to limit the write-down amount. Pursuant to the Applicable Supervisory Requirements at 
the issue date, the Issuer may, for example, apply for a waiver from the Competent Supervisory Authority to permit the 
Issuer to refrain from a write-down in certain circumstances. However, the Issuer is not obligated to apply for such a waiver 
and may withdraw an application to do so at any time. Furthermore, obtaining the waiver will be dependent on certain 
conditions and the Competent Supervisory Authority can accept or reject any application for such waiver in its sole discre-
tion. Therefore, investors should not assume that a waiver will be granted even if the legal conditions for a waiver are met. 
In no case is the Issuer obligated to take any legal action if such approval is not granted by the Competent Supervisory 
Authority. Even if a waiver is granted and no write-down is made, the Notes may be subject to a further write-down if any 
of the regulatory capital ratios that led to a previous trigger event deteriorate or in case one or more new trigger events 
occur.  
Any write-down in respect of the Notes does not depend on the simultaneous occurrence of a write-down or conversion of 
other restricted Tier 1 instruments or other instruments which are subject to a write-down or conversion mechanism.  
The occurrence of a trigger event as described above or a subsequent deterioration event will not constitute an event of 
default under the Notes, nor will it give rise to any right to require the redemption of the Notes. Accordingly, any write-down 
may be permanent, resulting in investors losing some or all of their investment in the Notes. In addition, if the Notes are 
written down, they will bear interest only on the written down nominal amount as from (and including) the interest period in 
which the write-down occurs.  
After a write-down of the nominal amount of the Notes, the Issuer may, subject to certain conditions, decide in its sole 
discretion to (in whole or in part) write-up the nominal amount of the Notes. The Issuer's ability to write-up the nominal 
amount of the Notes will depend on several conditions, such as sufficiently high regulatory capital ratios of the Issuer and 
the VIG Group, and such write-up will only be possible to the extent the Issuer's net income (Jahresüberschuss) of the 
immediately preceding financial year is sufficient. No assurance can be given that these conditions will be met, nor that 
the Issuer will decide to write-up the Notes even if such conditions are met.  
In addition, even if all applicable conditions for a write-up of the nominal amount of the Notes are met, the Issuer will not 
in any circumstances be compelled by investors to write-up the nominal amount of the Notes. In addition, a write-down will 
become permanent to the extent one or more previous write-downs of the nominal amount have not been fully compen-
sated with one or more subsequent write-ups within a period of ten years following the last write-down. In this case, inves-
tors will permanently lose all or part of their investment in the Notes without the possibility that the investment might recover 
in the future. In case of a permanent write-down of only part of the nominal amount of the Notes, further write-downs remain 
possible at all times.  
The Notes may be redeemed at an amount that is lower than the initial nominal amount of the Notes.  
While a redemption at the option of the Issuer will generally require the prior write-up of the nominal amount of the Notes, 
under certain circumstances the Issuer may redeem the Notes at their then current nominal amount, as reduced by any

--- Page 36 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
36 | 129 
 
write-downs (and to the extent not made up for by any write-ups). This will include any redemption upon the occurrence of 
a gross-up event, a tax event, a regulatory event, a rating event, a clean-up event or, as applicable, an accounting event 
(see the risk factor below entitled "Redemption risk due to redemption by the Issuer."). In addition, the Issuer may redeem 
the Notes at a nominal amount that is lower than the initial nominal amount if the Notes have been permanently written 
down (see the risk factor above entitled "The nominal amount of the Notes may be written down (in whole or in part) to 
absorb losses; investors have no right to compel a write-up in respect of the Notes; and any such write-down may become 
permanent."). In this case investors would permanently lose some or all of their investment in the Notes without the possi-
bility that the value of their investment might recover in the future.  
Similarly, if the Issuer is subject to insolvency proceedings, holders' claims for principal will be based on the then current 
nominal amount of the Notes, as reduced by any write-downs (and to the extent not previously written-up). As a result, any 
liquidation amount in respect of the Notes may be substantially less than that initially payable under the Notes, and con-
sequently investors are likely to lose all of their investment in the Notes in case of such insolvency proceedings.  
The occurrence of a trigger event may depend on factors outside of the Issuer's control.  
A trigger event shall occur if the Notes are not fully written down and the Issuer determines that any of the following has 
occurred: (a) the solvency capital ratio applicable to the Issuer or the VIG Group is 75% or less, (b) the minimum capital 
ratio of the Issuer or the minimum consolidated group solvency capital ratio of VIG Group is 100% or less, or (c) the 
solvency capital ratio applicable to the Issuer or the VIG Group is less than 100% but more than 75% and has not improved 
to at least 100% within three months after non-compliance with the solvency capital requirement was determined for the 
first time.  
The occurrence of such a trigger event and related write-down is not entirely predictable and depends on a number of 
factors, some of which may be outside of the Issuer's control, including actions that the Issuer is required to take at the 
order of any competent supervisory authority or as a result of regulatory changes. All these factors could cause investors 
to lose all or part of their investment in the Notes.  
The occurrence of a trigger event may also be affected by the Issuer's business decisions and, in making such 
decisions, the interests of the Issuer may not be aligned with those of investors.  
The occurrence of a trigger event as described above and the development of the regulatory capital ratios applicable to 
the Issuer and the VIG Group more generally may also depend on VIG Group's decisions relating to its businesses and 
operations, as well as to management of its capital position. The Issuer will have no obligation to consider the interests of 
holders of the Notes in connection with strategic or other decisions of VIG Group, including making decisions related to 
capital management. Investors will not have any claim against the Issuer or any other member of VIG Group relating to 
decisions that may affect the business and operations of VIG Group, including its capital position, regardless of whether 
they result in the occurrence of a trigger event that in turn might result in a write-down of the Notes or a cancellation of 
interest payments. Such decisions could cause investors to lose all or part of their investment in the Notes.  
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes are deeply subordinated.  
The Notes will constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations, ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu 
with present or future obligations of the Issuer under its other present and future restricted Tier 1 Instruments. To the extent 
the Issuer provides asset security for the benefit of other debt without also securing the Notes, the Notes will be effectively 
junior to such debt to the extent of such assets. In the event of the liquidation, dissolution, or insolvency of the Issuer, or 
composition or any other proceedings for the avoidance of insolvency against, the Issuer, the obligations under the Notes 
will be junior to the Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations (as defined above), so that in any such event the claims of the 
Holders under the Notes will be satisfied after (but only after) the claims of all holders of the Issuer's Senior Ranking 
Obligations. In any such event, no amounts shall be payable in respect of the Notes until the claims of all Issuer's Senior 
Ranking Obligations have first been satisfied in full. No contractual collateral may be provided by the Issuer or any third 
person for the liabilities constituted by the Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
37 | 129 
 
Furthermore, investors will have virtually no ability to influence the outcome of any insolvency proceedings or restructuring 
measures outside insolvency. In the course of insolvency proceedings pertaining to the assets of the Issuer, holders of the 
Notes will generally not have any right to vote in the creditors' meeting (Gläubigerversammlung). Accordingly, holders 
should not expect to be able to affect the outcome of any insolvency proceedings or restructuring. 
In addition, if the Draft IRRD (as defined above) is adopted and implemented into national law, the competent resolution 
authority may order that all obstacles to resolution be eliminated and may also implement a range of measures including 
the use of resolution tools (see "Risks in connection with the adoption of a recovery and resolution regime for insurers and 
reinsurers"). 
Risks Related to the Payment of Interest  
Interest on the Notes is subject to mandatory and discretionary cancellation, and in such instances, any interest 
cancelled will not be due and will not accumulate or be payable at any time thereafter.  
Interest on the Notes will become due and payable only if it has not been cancelled in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions.  
The Issuer has the sole and absolute discretion at all times and for any reason to cancel (in whole or in part) any interest 
payment that would otherwise be payable on any interest payment date. The Issuer may cancel interest payments in whole 
or in part even if a payment of dividends in respect of its ordinary shares is made or expected to be made and shareholders, 
who under Austrian law have the power to decide at the annual general meeting on the payment of dividends, may deter-
mine to pay dividends on ordinary shares even if one or more interest payments on the Notes have been cancelled. It is 
the intention of the Issuer as of the date of this Base Prospectus (i) to consider whether or not payments of dividends on 
its ordinary shares have been made or are expected to be made and (ii) to respect the hierarchy of capital and thus the 
seniority of the Notes relative to shareholder's equity, when exercising its discretion with respect to the interest payments. 
However, the Issuer is not bound by this intention, neither under the Terms and Conditions nor in any other way.  
In addition to the right to cancel (in whole or in part) interest payments at any time, the Terms and Conditions also restrict 
or prohibit the Issuer from making interest payments on the Notes under certain conditions. Mandatory cancellation of 
interest payments may, for example, occur if an insolvency event (as described herein) occurs with respect to the Issuer, 
if such interest payment would cause or would accelerate the imminent occurrence of an insolvency event, if the Competent 
Supervisory Authority prohibited payments under the Notes or if eligible own funds of the Issuer and/or the VIG Group are 
insufficient to cover the regulatory capital requirements applicable to the Issuer or the VIG Group (as described in the 
Terms and Conditions). In addition, interest payments may only be made from available distributable items (see "Risk 
Factors—Risks Related to the Notes—Risks Related to the Payment of Interest—The level of available distributable items 
of the Issuer is affected by a number of factors and insufficient available distributable items will restrict the Issuer's ability 
to make interest payments on the Notes.") and all interest payments will be mandatorily cancelled to the extent such 
payment of interest, together with other payments that can only be made from available distributable items, would exceed 
the available distributable items.  
In all cases of mandatory interest cancellation, the Issuer will not be permitted to make a scheduled payment of interest. 
Even though the Issuer will endeavor to give notice of the cancellation no later than the relevant interest payment date, 
any failure to give notice to the Holders shall not affect the validity of the cancellation and shall not constitute a default for 
any purpose. Moreover, because the Issuer is entitled to cancel interest payments in its sole and absolute discretion, the 
Issuer may cancel payment of interest even if none of the conditions for a mandatory cancellation of interest is met and 
the Issuer would have been permitted to make such payment of interest.  
Any interest cancelled will not be due and will not accumulate or be payable at any time thereafter. Accordingly, there is 
no obligation for the Issuer to make up for the non-payment of interest at any later point in time. Investors will have no 
rights in connection with cancelled interest, and will not be entitled to any additional interest or compensation. In particular, 
any cancellation will not constitute an event of default under the Notes and will not permit any acceleration in repayment 
of any principal on the Notes. As a result, investors would not receive any interest on any interest payment date or at any

--- Page 38 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
38 | 129 
 
other times and will have no claims whatsoever in respect of any cancelled interest. The Issuer has the right to use the 
funds from cancelled payments of interest without restrictions for the fulfillment of other obligations. Even if interest pay-
ments are cancelled, and even though the Notes rank senior to ordinary shares, the Issuer may use funds that could have 
been applied to make cancelled interest payments to pay dividends on ordinary shares. Unless the Issuer is prevented 
from doing so for regulatory reasons, it may also apply these funds for payments on other obligations, even on obligations 
that rank equally with the Notes or junior to the Notes.  
Potential investors should be aware that the Issuer cannot be compelled to make an interest payment in respect of the 
Notes under any circumstances.  
Investors and market observers may have expectations that the Issuer will service its restricted Tier 1 instruments. Should 
the Issuer diverge from these expectations by using its discretion not to make payments or should it be prevented from 
making payments for regulatory reasons, or should perceptions arise in the market that the Issuer will or may not make 
any payments that investors or the market previously expected it to make, the market value of the Notes may be materially 
reduced and the market for them may become less liquid. The worse the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the higher the risk 
of loss (see also "2. Risk Factors relating to the business of VIG Group", above). A materialisation of the credit risk may 
result in partial or total failure of the Issuer to make interest payments, redemption payments and/or any other payments 
under the Notes. Any Holder is relying on the creditworthiness of the Issuer and has no rights against any other person.  
In addition, even if the likelihood that the Issuer will be in a position to fully perform all obligations under the Notes when 
they fall due actually has not decreased, market participants could nevertheless be of that opinion. Market participants 
may in particular be of such opinion if market participants' assessment of the creditworthiness of corporate debtors in 
general or debtors operating in the insurance sector adversely change. If any of these risks materialises, third parties would 
only be willing to purchase the Notes for a lower price than before and the market price of the Notes may therefore de-
crease. 
The level of available distributable items of the Issuer is affected by a number of factors and insufficient available 
distributable items will restrict the Issuer's ability to make interest payments on the Notes. 
Notwithstanding other restrictions on interest payments (see "Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Notes—Risks Related to 
the Payment of Interest—Interest on the Notes is subject to mandatory and discretionary cancellation, and in such in-
stances, any interest cancelled will not be due and will not accumulate or be payable at any time thereafter."), interest 
payments may only be made from available distributable items (see "Interest Payments and Distributable Items of the 
Issuer."). This means that interest payments on the Notes will be mandatorily cancelled to the extent that payment of 
interest, when taken together with any additional distributions on shares and other instruments on which distributions may 
only be made from available distributable items that are scheduled to be made on the same day or that have been made 
in the then current financial year of the Issuer (up to and including the day on which such payment is scheduled), would 
exceed the available distributable items. 
The determination of available distributable items will be made on the basis of VIG's audited financial statements and not 
on the basis of VIG Group's consolidated financial statements. The level of available distributable items will depend on a 
number of factors, including the application of applicable accounting principles, as well as the Issuer's and VIG Group's 
business, their financial position and profitability, but also on actions taken by management. Management of the Issuer 
has broad discretion to influence the available distributable items in a certain year and may exercise this discretion to the 
detriment of investors. Furthermore, management actions to positively influence the available distributable items that were 
or could have been taken in the past may not be available or may not be taken by the management in the future.  
In addition, the level of available distributable items will be affected by a number of other factors, such as the Issuer's ability 
to receive funds, directly or indirectly, from its operating subsidiaries in a manner which creates available distributable 
items. Therefore, adverse changes in VIG Group's business, financial position and profitability could reduce the amount of 
available distributable items in the future. In addition, the available distributable items will also be reduced by servicing of 
other debt instruments and distributions made on equity instruments. The ability of the Issuer's operating subsidiaries to

--- Page 39 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
39 | 129 
 
pay dividends and the Issuer's ability to receive distributions and other payments from its investments in other entities is 
subject to applicable local laws and other restrictions, including their respective regulatory, capital and leverage require-
ments, statutory reserves, financial and operating performance and applicable tax laws. These laws and restrictions could 
limit the payment of dividends, distributions and other payments to the Issuer by its operating subsidiaries, which could in 
turn restrict the Issuer's ability to fund other operations or to maintain or increase the available distributable items.  
No restriction on dividends.  
The Terms and Conditions do not contain any restriction on the ability of the Issuer to pay dividends on or repurchase its 
ordinary shares. Therefore, there is no restriction on the reduction of the available distributable items by making dividend 
payments and, consequently, to increase the likelihood of a cancellation of payments of interest.  
Other Risks Related to the Expected Return of the Notes 
The interest rate on the Notes will reset on the first reset date and every five years thereafter, and a reset of interest 
rates may result in a decline of yield or a change in the market value of the Notes. 
Initially, the Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate, payable annually in arrears. This fixed interest rate will be subject to a 
regular reset every five years. While the credit risk premium remains unaffected by a reset and remains unchanged until 
redemption of the Notes, the reference interest rate on which the reset interest rate will be based will change over time. As 
a result, the interest rate following any reset date may be lower than the initial interest rate on the Notes or the interest rate 
that is applicable prior to a reset date, which would affect the amount of any interest payments under the Notes and, by 
extension, could affect their market value. Potential investors should be aware that the performance of the reference inter-
est rate cannot be anticipated, and that neither the current nor historical level of the reference interest rate is an indication 
of its future development. Due to varying interest income and the possibility of discretionary or mandatory cancellation of 
interest payments, potential investors will not be able to determine a definite yield of the Notes at the time of purchase. 
Therefore, their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments with no interest rate reset and without 
interest cancellation.  
The replacement of the EURIBOR or any other Benchmark in case of a Benchmark Event could have adverse 
effects on the economic return of the Holder compared to the applicable original benchmark rate  
Following each reset date (as specified in in the applicable Final Terms for a Tranche of Notes), interest amounts payable 
under the Notes are calculated by reference to the annual swap rate for swap transactions denominated in Euro, which 
appears on the Reuters Screen Page ICESWAP2/EURFIXA. 
This swap-rate, the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") underlying the floating leg of this swap rate and other 
interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed "benchmarks" (each a "Benchmark" and together, the 
"Benchmarks") have become the subject of regulatory scrutiny and recent national and international regulatory guidance 
and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other conse-
quences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the relevant Series 
of Notes. 
These reforms and changes may cause a Benchmark to be subject to a change in underlying methodology, to perform 
differently than it has done previously or to be discontinued. Any change in methodology, the performance of a Benchmark 
or its discontinuation, could have a material adverse effect on financial instruments referencing or linked to such Benchmark 
such as the Notes following the first reset date.  
Under the Terms and Conditions, certain benchmark replacement provisions will apply in case EURIBOR or any other 
Benchmark used as a reference for the calculation of interest amounts payable under the Notes were to be discontinued 
or otherwise unavailable:  
If the EURIBOR or any other Benchmark used to calculate interest amounts payable under the Notes for any interest period

--- Page 40 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
40 | 129 
 
has ceased to be calculated or administered, the Issuer shall, as soon as it is (in the Issuer's view) required following the 
occurrence of a benchmark event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) and prior to the next date where the reference 
rate will be determined, use its best efforts to appoint an independent adviser, which must be an independent financial 
institution of international repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital mar-
kets. Such independent adviser will be tasked with determining whether an officially recognized successor rate to the 
discontinued Benchmark exists. If that is not the case, the independent adviser will attempt to find an alternative rate which, 
possibly after application of adjustments or spreads, can replace the discontinued Benchmark. Such adjustments or 
spreads are intended to be applied in order to produce an industry-accepted replacement benchmark rate; however, the 
relevant adjustments or spreads may not be successful in doing so and the Notes may still perform differently than if the 
original Benchmark had continued to be used. If the independent adviser determines a successor rate or alternative rate 
(the "New Benchmark Rate"), such rate (after application of adjustments or spreads, if any) will replace the previous 
Benchmark for purposes of determining the relevant rate of interest. Such determination will be binding for the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders. Any amendments pursuant to these fallback 
provisions will apply with effect from the respective effective date as specified in the Terms and Conditions.  
If the Issuer fails to appoint an independent adviser or if the adviser fails to determine a New Benchmark Rate, the adjust-
ment spread and/or any benchmark amendments (if required) following a discontinuation of a relevant Benchmark, the 
reference rate applicable to the immediately following reset period shall be the original benchmark rate determined on the 
last interest determination date immediately preceding the relevant effective date, provided, however, that, in case the 
benchmark event occurs before the interest determination date for the first reset period, the reference rate shall be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, subject to adjustments for later reset periods in case the new benchmark rate can then be 
determined. If the determination of the reference rate would cause a regulatory event, the reference rate applicable to the 
next and each subsequent reset period shall be the reference rate determined on the last preceding interest determination 
date, provided, however, that, in case the relevant provision is to be applied on the interest determination date prior to the 
commencement of the first reset period, the reference rate shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
The replacement of the EURIBOR or any other Benchmark in case of a benchmark event could have adverse effects on 
the economic return of a Holder compared to the applicable original benchmark rate. 
Redemption risk due to redemption by the Issuer.  
The Terms and Conditions may include the option for the Issuer to redeem the Notes within a three-month or six-month 
period prior to each interest reset date and on each interest reset date or on the first interest reset date and each interest 
payment date or interest reset date thereafter upon not less than 15 days' nor more than 60 days' prior notice. An optional 
redemption will be subject to certain conditions, including the prior approval of the Competent Supervisory Authority (see 
"Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Notes—Risks Related to the Repayment of Principal—Any redemption by the Issuer 
is discretionary but remains subject to certain conditions and restrictions on redemption which may delay the effective 
redemption date."). Upon fulfillment of these conditions, the Issuer may decide in its sole discretion to redeem the Notes. 
In addition, and subject to certain conditions, including the prior approval of the Competent Supervisory Authority, the 
Issuer may redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at any time upon not less than 15 days' prior notice if a gross-up 
event, a tax event, a regulatory event, a rating event, a clean-up event or, if applicable, an accounting event occurs (all as 
defined and described in the Terms and Conditions).  
After redemption, no further interest payments will be made under the Notes. Investors should be aware that the Issuer 
may redeem the Notes at a time that may result in a loss to investors on any hedging or other associated transactions in 
which investors may have engaged.  
The Notes may be redeemed at the reduced nominal amount following a write-down upon the occurrence of a gross-up 
event, a tax event, a regulatory event, a rating event, a clean-up event or, if applicable, an accounting event or, at the 
option of the Issuer, if they are subject to a permanent write-down (see the risk factor above entitled "The nominal amount 
of the Notes may be written down (in whole or in part) to absorb losses; investors have no right to compel a write-up in 
respect of the Notes; and any such write-down may become permanent."). In these scenarios, the redemption amount in

--- Page 41 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
41 | 129 
 
respect of the Notes may be substantially less than the initial nominal amount of the Notes, and as a result investors risk 
losing all or part of their investment in the Notes.  
The Issuer may be expected to redeem the Notes when its cost of borrowing for instruments comparable to the Notes is 
lower than the interest rate on the Notes. If the Issuer redeems the Notes, especially in this scenario, there is a risk for 
investors not to be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that provides the same rate of return 
as investment in the Notes.  
The market may have certain expectations with respect to the redemption of the Notes in the future on the basis of market 
practice, and these expectations may be reflected in the price of the Notes on the secondary market. Any failure by the 
Issuer to meet these expectations, whether for regulatory reasons or otherwise, would likely result in a material adverse 
effect on the market value and liquidity of the Notes. 
The market price and liquidity of the Notes will depend on the regulatory capital ratios applicable to the Issuer 
and the VIG Group and may differ significantly from the market price and the liquidity of other subordinated debt 
instruments of the Issuer.  
The Terms and Conditions provide for a principal loss absorption mechanism in a going concern scenario of the Issuer. 
This means that, even if no insolvency event with respect to the Issuer is imminent or has occurred, the Notes may be (in 
whole or in part) written down if the relevant regulatory capital ratios applicable to the Issuer and the VIG Group fall below 
certain thresholds. A write-down of the Notes at that time may result in a loss in whole or in part of the investment in the 
Notes while other subordinated debt securities of the Issuer may be unaffected. 
Accordingly, the trading behavior of the Notes may not necessarily follow the trading behavior of other types of subordi-
nated securities, including other subordinated debt securities of the Issuer. Any indication that the Issuer or the VIG Group 
may be at risk of failing to meet its regulatory capital requirements may have an adverse effect on the market price and 
liquidity of the Notes. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with 
proceeds sufficient to provide a yield comparable to other types of subordinated securities, including other subordinated 
debt securities of the Issuer. 
Risks Related to Regulation  
Risks related to application and changes to the Solvency II regulatory regime.  
The Issuer expects the Notes to qualify as restricted Tier 1 capital eligible to cover the regulatory capital requirements 
applicable to the Issuer and the VIG Group. This expectation is based on the Issuer’s review of available information in 
European Directive 2009/138/EC (Solvency II Directive), the Austrian Insurance Supervision Act (Versicher-
ungsaufsichtsgesetz 2016), the level two implementation measures set out in Delegated Regulation 2015/35 and related 
provisions and regulations, resolutions or other decisions and guidance of the competent supervisory authorities affecting 
the Issuer and the VIG Group. 
However, there is uncertainty as to how regulators, including the Competent Supervisory Authority in its role as insurance 
supervisory authority and EIOPA will interpret the existing legal framework and apply them to the Issuer and the VIG Group. 
It is possible that the future regulatory framework for the financial and insurance industry may change. The Solvency II 
Amendment Proposal may ultimately lead to changes in the Solvency II regime that may affect the VIG Group. The Inter-
national Association of Insurance Supervisors have published a set of international standards for regulation of the insur-
ance industry, the Common Framework for the Supervision of Internationally Active Insurance Groups ("Comframe"), but 
it remains unclear how and when Comframe will be implemented and how, if implemented, it will affect the operations and 
financial performance of the VIG Group. Any changes that may occur in the application of insurance regulation in Austria 
subsequent to the date of this Base Prospectus and/or any subsequent changes to these rules and other variables may 
individually or in aggregate negatively affect the calculation of the relevant regulatory capital requirements and make them 
more onerous. Any such change, in particular changes in how the relevant regulatory capital requirements are calculated, 
may increase the risk of a write-down, the cancellation of interest payments or early redemption of the Notes by the Issuer

--- Page 42 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
42 | 129 
 
due to a regulatory event, as a result of which investors could lose all or part of their investment in the Notes (see the risk 
factor above entitled "The Notes may be redeemed at an amount that is lower than the initial nominal amount of the 
Notes.").  
In addition, in connection with its ongoing 2020 review of the Solvency II Directive, the European Commission suggests in 
its Solvency II Amendment Proposal that for insurance groups in which the insurance group or an insurance undertaking 
applies transitional measures on technical provisions a quantification of the impact on its financial position of assuming 
that the own funds stemming from the application of those transitional measures cannot effectively be made available to 
cover the solvency capital requirement of the group has to be disclosed. Further, the proposal suggests that where an 
insurance or reinsurance group materially relies on the use of the transitional measures in such a manner that it misrepre-
sents the actual solvency position of the group the group supervisor shall have the power to take appropriate measures, 
including the possibility to reduce the amount of own funds stemming from the use of those transitional measures that may 
be deemed eligible to cover the group solvency capital requirement. If this recommendation were to be taken up in the 
further review procedure, the effect of the transitional measures on eligible own funds of the Group for purposes of the 
Group SCR Ratio and the Group MCR Ratio (each as defined below) could be largely reduced or even nil. A reduction of 
the solvency ratios of the VIG Group due to changes in the Solvency II regulatory regime (or for any other reason) could 
also have adverse consequences for the rating of the Notes, irrespective of whether or not the insurance financial strength 
rating changes for the same reason. In other words, such a reduction of the solvency ratios of the VIG Group could increase 
the distance (often referred to "notching") between the insurance financial strength rating and the issue rating of the Notes. 
In addition, the Terms and Conditions make references to multiple laws and regulations as in force as of a future date upon 
which a certain event may occur or a certain decision may be taken in respect of the Notes. Therefore, any changes in 
those laws and regulations between the date of this Base Prospectus and the date of such event or decision may change 
the operation of the Terms and Conditions and may have adverse effects on the legal position of investors. 
Risks in connection with the adoption of a recovery and resolution regime for insurers and reinsurers 
On 22 September 2021, the European Commission adopted the Draft IRRD (as defined above). It is the aim of the Draft 
IRRD to allow authorities to protect policyholders, beneficiaries and claimants, maintain financial stability, ensure the con-
tinuity of the (re)insurer's critical functions and protect public funds by minimizing reliance on extraordinary public financial 
support. According to the Draft IRRD, authorities will be provided with comprehensive and effective intervention powers of 
national resolution authorities to prepare for and deal with (near) failures of (re)insurers at national level and cooperation 
arrangements to tackle cross-border (re)insurance failures. To this end the resolution authorities are proposed to be pro-
vided with necessary powers to apply the resolution tools (as defined in the Draft IRRD) to undertakings that meet the 
applicable conditions for resolution. 
One of the resolution tools proposed in the Draft IRRD is the power to write down or convert capital instruments and eligible 
liabilities, on which basis the competent resolution authority may write down, or (with the exception of shares) convert into 
shares, Tier 1, Tier 2 and Tier 3 instruments and other eligible liabilities issued or borrowed by an undertaking (which may 
include notes issued by the undertaking such as Notes issued by VIG under the Programme) if the undertaking is failing 
or likely to fail and certain other conditions are met, or if the conditions for group resolution are met. 
The Draft IRRD foresees that in certain circumstances the resolution authority shall exercise the power to write down or 
convert capital instruments and eligible liabilities as a prioritized tool, individually or in combination with another resolution 
tool. 
Normal insolvency proceedings will remain the alternative path for the whole or parts of a (re)insurer that cannot be re-
solved, and the Draft IRRD provides for a no creditor worse off principle, the exact extent of which remains to be deter-
mined. 
It is not yet possible to assess the full impact of the Draft IRRD or any corresponding implementing Austrian legislation.  
Should the Draft IRRD or similar provisions enter into force and be implemented into Austrian law, they may, despite the 
no creditor worse off principle being applicable, severely affect the rights of the Holders and may result in the loss of their

--- Page 43 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
43 | 129 
 
entire investment in the event of resolution of VIG. Any perceptions in the market that these provisions may become 
applicable to VIG may reduce the market value of the Notes even before VIG has actually reached the point of non-viability 
or resolution. 
 
5. 
RISKS RELATING TO NOTES GENERALLY 
There is a risk that trading in the Notes will be suspended, interrupted or terminated, which may have an adverse 
effect on the market price of such Notes. 
If the Notes are listed on or included in one (or more) markets (which may be regulated or unregulated), the listing or 
inclusion of such Notes may – depending on the rules applicable to such stock exchange – be suspended or interrupted 
by the respective stock exchange or a competent regulatory authority upon the occurrence of a number of reasons, includ-
ing violation of price limits, breach of statutory provisions, occurrence of operational problems of the stock exchange or 
generally if deemed required in order to secure a functioning market or to safeguard the interests of Holders. Furthermore, 
trading in the Notes may be terminated, either upon decision of the stock exchange, a regulatory authority or upon appli-
cation by the Issuer.  
Holders should note that the Issuer has no influence on trading suspension or interruptions (other than where trading in 
the Notes is terminated upon the Issuer's decision) and that Holders in any event must bear the risks connected therewith. 
In particular, Holders may not be able to sell their Notes where trading is suspended, interrupted or terminated, and the 
stock exchange quotations of such Notes may not adequately reflect the market price of such Notes. Finally, even if trading 
in Notes is suspended, interrupted or terminated, Holders should note that such measures may neither be sufficient nor 
adequate nor in time to prevent price disruptions or to safeguard the Holders' interests; for example, where trading in Notes 
is suspended after price-sensitive information relating to such Notes has been published, the market price of such Notes 
may already have been adversely affected. All these risks would, if they materialise, have a material adverse effect on the 
Holders. 
Exchange rate risks may occur, if a Holder's financial activities are denominated in a currency or currency unit 
other than euro. Furthermore, government and monetary authorities may impose exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate.  
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in euro (the "Specified Currency"). This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if a Holder's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit 
("Holder's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly 
change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Holder's Currency) and the 
risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Holder's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation 
in the value of the Holder's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Holder's Currency-equivalent 
yield on the Notes, (ii) the Holder's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes, and (iii) the Holder's 
Currency-equivalent market price of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely 
affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, Holders may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest 
or principal. 
The Notes are governed by Austrian law, and changes in applicable laws, regulations or regulatory policies may 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer, the Notes and the Holders.  
The Terms and Conditions will be governed by Austrian law. Holders should thus note that the governing law may not be 
the law of their own home jurisdiction and that the law applicable to the Notes may not provide them with similar protection 
as their own law. Furthermore, the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Austrian law, or administrative 
practice after the date of this Base Prospectus is unclear.

--- Page 44 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
44 | 129 
 
Changes in tax law may negatively affect the Holders.  
Tax law and practice is subject to change, possibly with retrospective effect and this could adversely affect the market 
price of the Notes. Any such change may cause the tax treatment of the relevant Notes to change from what the purchaser 
understood the position to be at the time of purchase.  
An Austrian court could appoint a trustee for the Notes to exercise the rights and represent the interests of Hold-
ers on their behalf in which case the ability of Holders to pursue their rights under the Notes individually may be 
limited.  
Pursuant to the Austrian Notes Trustee Act (Kuratorengesetz) and the Austrian Notes Trustee Supplementation Act (Ku-
ratorenergänzungsgesetz), a trustee (Kurator) could be appointed by an Austrian court upon the request of any interested 
party (e.g., a Holder) or upon the initiative of a competent court, for the purposes of representing the common interests of 
the Holders in matters concerning their collective rights to the extent the rights are endangered due to a lack of joint 
representation (e.g. if no Joint Representative is appointed). In particular, this may occur if insolvency proceedings are 
initiated against the Issuer, in connection with any amendments to the Terms and Conditions or changes relating to the 
Issuer, or under other similar circumstances. The Terms and Conditions disapply the Austrian Notes Trustee Act (Ku-
ratorengesetz) and the Austrian Notes Trustee Supplementation Act (Kuratorenergänzungsgesetz). However, it cannot be 
ruled out that an Austrian court appoints a trustee because the Issuer is an Austrian company. If a trustee is appointed, it 
will exercise the collective rights and represent the interests of the Holders and will be entitled to make statements on their 
behalf which shall be binding on all Holders. Where a trustee represents the interests of and exercises the rights of Holders, 
this may conflict with or otherwise adversely affect the interests of individual or all Holders. The role of an appointed trustee 
may also conflict with provisions of the Terms and Conditions related to majority resolutions of the Holders. 
The Terms and Conditions contain provisions that permit defined majorities to bind all Holders including Holders 
who do not vote and Holders who vote in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Holders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Holders including Holders who do not vote and Holders 
who vote in a manner contrary to the majority.  
The Terms and Conditions also provide that a Joint Representative may be appointed and may, without the consent of 
Holders, agree to (i) subject to receiving no objection from the FMA, any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation 
of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of Notes or (ii) the substitution of another company as principal 
debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer in each case in the circumstances described in the Terms and Conditions. 
The Notes are exposed to liquidity risk. 
Application has been made to the Vienna Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Base Prospectus to be admitted to 
trading on the Official Market of the Vienna Stock Exchange. In addition, the Programme provides that Notes may not be 
listed at all. Regardless of whether Series of Notes are admitted to trading on the Market or not, there is a risk that no liquid 
secondary market for such Notes will develop or, if it does develop, that it will not continue. Investors should consider that 
restricted Tier 1 securities are a relatively new type of financial instrument that does not have a long-established history of 
an active trading market. Furthermore, the fact that Notes may be admitted to trading on the Market (or some other market) 
does not necessarily lead to better liquidity as compared to unlisted Notes. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing 
information for such Notes may, however, be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. 
The liquidity of a Series of Notes may also be subject to fluctuations during the term of such Notes and may deteriorate, in 
particular as a result of repurchases by the Issuer or its affiliates. 
In an illiquid market, an investor is subject to the risk that he will not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market 
prices.

--- Page 45 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
45 | 129 
 
Investors have to rely on the functionality of the clearing system and there is the risk that due to the use of the 
clearing system any credits on the investors' account will not be processed, will not be processed within the time 
expected by the investor or will be delayed. 
The Notes will be purchased and sold through OeKB CSD or any other clearing system as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Investors have to rely on the functionality of the clearing system. There is the risk that due to the use of the clearing 
system any credits on the investors' account will not be processed at all, will not be processed within the time expected by 
the investor or will be delayed. Thus, the investor may suffer economic disadvantages.

--- Page 46 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
46 | 129 
 
III. 
PROGRAMME TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EURO-DENOMINATED RESETTABLE RESTRICTED TIER 1 NOTES 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Currency, Denomination, Purpose of the Notes.  This series of subordinated notes (the "Notes") is being issued by 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe (the "Issuer") in Euro (the "Specified Currency") in the 
aggregate principal amount of EUR [insert aggregate principal amount] (in words: Euro [insert aggregate principal amount 
in words]) and in the denomination of EUR 200,000 (the "Specified Denomination" or the "Original Principal Amount") 
each.  
The purpose of the Notes is to furnish the Issuer with Tier 1 Own-Fund Items on an individual and consolidated (solo 
solvency and group solvency) basis for an indefinite period of time. 
(2) Form.  The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
[If held in OeKB CSD insert: 
[If the Notes are represented by a non-digital Global Note held in OeKB CSD, insert: 
(3) Global Note.  The Notes are represented by a global note (the "Global Note") without coupons; the claim for distribution 
payments under the Notes is represented by the Global Note. The Global Note shall be signed by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
Definitive Notes and coupons will not be issued, and the Holders (as defined in § 1 (5)) have no right to require the printing 
and delivery of definitive Notes and/or coupons.] 
[If the Notes are represented by a digital Global Note, insert: 
(3) Digital Global Note.  The Notes are represented in full by a digital global note (the "Global Note") pursuant to § 24 lit e 
of the Austrian Securities Depositary Act, as amended, which has been created by an electronic data record at a central 
securities depository on the basis of the information electronically communicated by the Issuer to the central securities 
depository.] 
(4) Clearing System.  The Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System until all obligations of 
the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. "Clearing System" means OeKB CSD GmbH, Strauchgasse 1-3, A-1010 
Vienna, Austria ("OeKB CSD") and any successor in such capacity. 
(5) Holder of Notes.  "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other comparable right in the Global 
Note which may be transferred to a new Holder in accordance with the provisions of the Clearing System. 
(6) Certain Definitions.  
"Applicable Accounting Standards" means, as applicable at the relevant point in time, the International Financial Re-
porting Standards (IFRS) or any other accounting principles generally accepted which subsequently supersede them as 
applied by the Issuer at the relevant dates and for the relevant periods for purposes of drawing up its consolidated financial 
statements. 
"Applicable Insolvency Regulations" means the provisions as applicable at the relevant point in time governing public 
and/or private proceedings for the resolution and/or reorganisation of the Issuer (including the insolvency laws) and any 
further rules and regulations thereunder and any orders or other decisions of any authority which is competent for the 
resolution and/or reorganisation, in particular § 309 of the Austrian Insurance Supervision Act, and any other provisions

--- Page 47 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
47 | 129 
 
(including the administrative practice of such authorities and any pertinent court case law and court decisions) that are 
applicable to the Issuer from time to time. 
"Applicable Supervisory Regulations" means the provisions of insurance supervisory laws as applicable at the relevant 
point in time (including the Solvency II Directive, the Delegated Regulation and the Austrian Insurance Supervision Act) 
and any rules and regulations thereunder (including the administrative practice and any other actions or decisions of the 
Competent Supervisory Authority, any applicable decision of a court and any transitional provisions) which are applicable, 
at the relevant time, to the solvency of the Issuer on an individual basis or for the group solvency of the Issuer's Group. 
These include the rules and regulations with respect to the group solvency and capital adequacy of internationally active 
insurance groups (IAIG). 
An "Appropriate Margin" exists if 
(i) 
the applicable Solo SCR of the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
the applicable Group SCR, 
after the redemption of the Notes or the Repurchase, will be exceeded by an appropriate margin, taking into account the 
solvency position of the Issuer, including the Issuer's medium-term capital management plan, and the solvency position of 
the Issuer's Group, including the Issuer's Group's medium-term capital management plan. 
"Austrian Insurance Supervision Act" means the Austrian Insurance Supervision Act (Versicherungsaufsichtsgesetz 
2016 – VAG 2016), as amended from time to time; to the extent that provisions of the Austrian Insurance Supervision Act 
are amended or replaced, the reference to the provisions of the Austrian Insurance Supervision Act as used in these Terms 
and Conditions shall refer to such amended provisions or successor provisions from time to time. 
"Available Distributable Items" means, with respect to any payment of interest, the available distributable items as de-
fined for this purpose in the Applicable Supervisory Regulations (regardless of the terminology used therein), provided that 
any prohibition on distributions pursuant to the applicable laws and the articles of association of the Issuer are respected 
at all times. 
"Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which (i) the Clearing System is open to settle 
payments and (ii) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
"Competent Supervisory Authority" means the Austrian Financial Market Authority (Finanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde – 
FMA) or any authority which becomes its successor in such capacity as insurance regulator competent for the Issuer and/or 
the Issuer's Group. 
"Current Principal Amount" means initially the Original Principal Amount, which from time to time, on one or more occa-
sions, may be reduced by any write-down pursuant to § 5(8) and, subsequent to any such reduction, may be increased by 
a write-up pursuant to § 5(9), if any (up to the Reference Principal Amount (as defined in § 5(9)(d))). 
"Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect 
of any Notes and having an account maintained with the Clearing System, including the Clearing System. 
"Delegated Regulation" means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 supplementing the Solvency II Directive 
(as defined below), as amended from time to time; if provisions of the Delegated Regulation are amended or replaced, the 
reference to the provisions of the Delegated Regulation as used in these Terms and Conditions shall refer to such amended 
provisions or successor provisions from time to time. 
"Distribution" means any kind of payment of dividends or interest. 
"Group MCR" means (i) the minimum consolidated group solvency capital requirement applicable to the Issuer's Group 
pursuant to the Applicable Supervisory Regulations (regardless of the terminology used by the Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations); or (ii) any other capital requirement that may replace the capital requirement in clause (i), to which the criteria

--- Page 48 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
48 | 129 
 
for the eligibility of the Restricted Tier 1 Instruments of the Issuer's Group refer, and that is applicable to the Issuer's Group 
from time to time. 
"Group MCR Ratio" the ratio of (x) the amount of own funds (Eigenmittel) (regardless of the terminology used by the 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations) of the Issuer's Group eligible to cover the Group MCR to (y) the Group MCR. 
"Group SCR" means the group solvency capital requirement applicable to the Issuer's Group pursuant to the Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations (regardless of the terminology used by the Applicable Supervisory Regulations).  
"Group SCR Ratio" the ratio of (x) the amount of own funds (Eigenmittel) (regardless of the terminology used by the 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations) of the Issuer's Group eligible to cover the Group SCR to (y) the Group SCR. 
An "Insolvency Event" will have occurred, regardless of the opening of any insolvency or liquidation proceedings, if in 
respect of the Issuer a reason for the opening of insolvency proceedings within the meaning of the Applicable Insolvency 
Regulations exists. 
"Issuer's Group" means the Issuer and any company included by the Issuer under the Applicable Supervisory Regulations 
for group solvency purposes. 
"Regulatory Ratio" means each of the following ratios: the Solo SCR Ratio, the Group SCR Ratio, the Solo MCR Ratio 
and the Group MCR Ratio. 
"Relevant Consolidated Subsidiary Insolvency Event" means the opening of insolvency or liquidation proceedings over 
a subsidiary of the Issuer that has its seat in a member state of the European Economic Area which is an Insurance 
Undertaking or a Reinsurance Undertaking (each such term as defined below) or any Institution for Occupational Retire-
ment Provision (each as defined herein), if and as long as the Issuer determines, in conjunction with the Competent Su-
pervisory Authority, that the assets of that subsidiary may or will be insufficient to meet all insurance and reinsurance and 
occupational pension obligations of such subsidiary towards policy holders and beneficiaries of insurance and reinsurance 
contracts or occupational pension schemes of the subsidiary. 
Where: 
"Institution for Occupational Retirement Provision" has the meaning given to this term in Directive (EU) 
2016/2341 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 December 2016, as amended from time to time; to 
the extent that provisions of the Directive (EU) 2016/2341 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 
December 2016 are amended or replaced, this reference to the provisions of the Directive (EU) 2016/2341 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 December 2016 shall refer to such amended provisions or successor 
provisions from time to time. 
"Insurance Undertaking" has the meaning given to this term in the Solvency II Directive. 
"Reinsurance Undertaking" has the meaning given to this term in the Solvency II Directive. 
"Restricted Tier 1 Instruments" means Tier 1 Own-Fund Items according to Article 69(a)(iii), (a)(v) and (b) of the Dele-
gated Regulation, excluding such instruments that are treated as Tier 1 Own-Fund Items by application of transitional 
provisions. 
"Solo MCR" means the minimum capital requirement applicable to the Issuer on an individual basis pursuant to the Appli-
cable Supervisory Regulations (regardless of the terminology used by the Applicable Supervisory Regulations). 
"Solo MCR Ratio" the ratio of (x) the amount of own funds (Eigenmittel) (regardless of the terminology used by the Appli-
cable Supervisory Regulations) of the Issuer eligible to cover the Solo MCR to (y) the Solo MCR. 
"Solo SCR" means the solvency capital requirement applicable to the Issuer on an individual basis pursuant to the Appli-
cable Supervisory Regulations (regardless of the terminology used by the Applicable Supervisory Regulations).

--- Page 49 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
49 | 129 
 
"Solo SCR Ratio" the ratio of (x) the amount of own funds (Eigenmittel) (regardless of the terminology used by the Appli-
cable Supervisory Regulations) of the Issuer eligible to cover the Solo SCR to (y) the Solo SCR. 
"Solvency II Directive" means Directive 2009/138/EC (Solvency II), as amended from time to time; to the extent that 
provisions of the Solvency II Directive are amended or replaced, the reference to the provisions of the Solvency II Directive 
as used in these Terms and Conditions shall refer to such amended provisions or successor provisions from time to time. 
A "Solvency Capital Event" will have occurred if: 
(i) 
the amount of own funds (Eigenmittel) (regardless of the terminology used by the Applicable Supervisory Regula-
tions) of the Issuer is not sufficient to cover the applicable Solo SCR or the applicable Solo MCR of the Issuer; 
and/or 
(ii) 
the amount of own funds (Eigenmittel) (regardless of the terminology used by the Applicable Supervisory Regula-
tions) of the Issuer's Group is not sufficient to cover the applicable Group SCR or the applicable Group MCR. 
"TARGET Business Day" means a calendar day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement 
Express Transfer system 2 (TARGET) is operating. 
"Terms and Conditions" means these terms and conditions of the Notes. 
"Tier 1 Own-Fund Items" means tier 1 own-fund items according to Article 69 of the Delegated Regulation including 
instruments that are treated as tier 1 own-fund items by application of transitional provisions. 
"Tier 2 Capital" means tier 2 basic own funds (as defined in, and regardless of the terminology used by, the Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations) for solvency purposes of the Issuer on an individual basis or for group solvency purposes of the 
Issuer's Group (including the capital adequacy of internationally active insurance groups (IAIG)) pursuant to the Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations. 
"United States" means the United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its 
possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana 
Islands). 
§ 2 
STATUS 
(1) Status of the Notes.  The Notes constitute direct, undated, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer which, 
in the event of the liquidation, dissolution, or insolvency of the Issuer, or composition or any other proceedings for the 
avoidance of insolvency against, the Issuer, rank: 
(a) 
senior to all shares of any class of the Issuer and all present and future obligations of the Issuer under instruments 
which, pursuant to their terms or mandatory provisions of law rank, pari passu with all shares of any class of the 
Issuer (the "Junior Instruments");  
(b) 
pari passu among themselves and pari passu with present or future obligations of the Issuer under its other present 
and future Restricted Tier 1 Instruments (the "Parity Instruments") [, including the Issuer's [insert description of 
the outstanding RT1s]]; and 
(c) 
junior to the Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations, so that in any such event the claims of the Holders under the 
Notes will be satisfied after (but only after) the claims of all holders of the Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations. In 
any such event, Holders will not receive any amounts payable in respect of the Notes until the claims of all Issuer's 
Senior Ranking Obligations have first been satisfied in full.

--- Page 50 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
50 | 129 
 
"Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations" means all of the Issuer's present and future: 
(i) 
unsubordinated obligations (for the avoidance of doubt: this includes any obligations of the Issuer towards all policy 
holders and beneficiaries under insurance and reinsurance contracts); and 
(ii) 
obligations subordinated by operation of law pursuant to the Applicable Insolvency Regulations; and 
(iii) 
contractually subordinated obligations under (A) tier 2 basic own-funds instruments of the Issuer pursuant to Arti-
cle 72 of the Delegated Regulation, (B) tier 3 basic own-funds instruments of the Issuer pursuant to Article 76 of the 
Delegated Regulation, (C) instruments that rank pari passu with, or senior to, the aforementioned basic own-funds 
instruments; and 
(iv) 
other subordinated obligations (A) that rank or are expressed to rank senior to the obligations under the Notes or 
(B) that are required to be preferred by mandatory provisions of law. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the aforementioned obligations of the Issuer shall be considered as the Issuer's Senior Ranking 
Obligations with their full amount, without taking into account any quantitative limits in respect of their regulatory eligibility.  
(2) No Negative Equity and Waiver of Petition.  The Holders will be entitled to payments, if any, under the Notes only once 
any negative equity (negatives Eigenkapital within the meaning of § 225(1) of the Austrian Enterprise Code (Unterneh-
mensgesetzbuch – UGB)) has been removed (beseitigt) or if, in the event of the liquidation of the Issuer, all other creditors 
(other than creditors the claims of which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the Notes) of the Issuer 
have been satisfied first. 
No insolvency proceedings against the Issuer are required to be opened in relation to the obligations of the Issuer under 
the Notes. The Notes do not contribute to a determination that the liabilities of the Issuer exceed its assets; therefore, the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, if any, will not contribute to the determination of over-indebtedness (Überschul-
dung) in accordance with § 67(3) of the Austrian Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung – IO). 
(3) No Set-off/Netting, No Security/Guarantee and No Enhancement of Seniority.  Claims of the Issuer are not permitted 
to be set-off or netted against repayment obligations of the Issuer under these Notes. No contractual collateral may be 
provided by the Issuer or any third person for the liabilities constituted by the Notes.  
The Notes are, or shall at any time be, neither secured, nor subject to any guarantee that enhances the seniority of the 
claims under the Notes. The Notes are not subject to any arrangement, contractual or otherwise, that enhances the sen-
iority of the claims under the Notes in insolvency or liquidation. 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Interest Payment Dates, Amount of Interest. 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates.  Subject to a cancellation of interest payments pursuant to § 3(6), each Note shall bear 
interest based on its Current Principal Amount at the relevant Rate of Interest (as defined in § 3(2)) from and in-
cluding [insert Interest Commencement Date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to but excluding the first In-
terest Payment Date, and thereafter from and including each Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next fol-
lowing Interest Payment Date. 
[In the case of a short or long first interest period insert: With the exception of the first payment of interest, 
interest] [In the case of no short or long first interest period insert: Interest] for each Interest Period shall be 
payable [in the case of quarterly interest payments insert: quarterly] [in the case of semi-annual interest 
payments insert: semi-annually] [in the case of annual interest payments insert: annually] in arrear on [insert 
Interest Payment Date(s)] in each year (each such date, an "Interest Payment Date"), commencing on [insert first 
Interest Payment Date] [in the case of a short or long first interest period insert: ([short] [long] first coupon)].

--- Page 51 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
51 | 129 
 
"Interest Period" means the period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding 
the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
(b) 
Calculation of Amount of Interest.  If the amount of interest payable on the Notes is required to be calculated for 
any period of time, such amount of interest (the "Amount of Interest") shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by applying the relevant Rate of Interest to the Specified Denomination, multiplying such amount by the Day Count 
Fraction (as defined in § 3(1)(d) below), and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency, half of such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with the applicable market con-
vention. 
(c) 
Impact of a Write-Down or a Write-Up on the Interest Amount. In the event of a write-down pursuant to § 5(8), the 
Notes shall, in respect of the entire relevant Interest Period in which a write-down occurs, and (subject to a write-
up pursuant to § 5(9)) in respect of all Interest Periods thereafter, only bear interest on the accordingly reduced 
Current Principal Amount. Any write-up will be effective starting from the Interest Period commencing on the Interest 
Payment Date (i.e. on the Write-up Date as defined in § 5(9)(c)) on which the write-up occurs pursuant to § 5(9). 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction.  "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note in accordance with this § 3(1) for any period of time (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the "Cal-
culation Period"): 
(i) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Calculation 
Period ends, the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period divided by the product of: (x) the num-
ber of calendar days in such Determination Period; and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified 
below) that would occur in any year; or 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than the Determination Period during which the Calculation Period ends, 
the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
the Calculation Period begins divided by the product of: (x) the number of calendar days in such 
Determination Period; and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in any year; and 
(B) 
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period di-
vided by the product of: (x) the number of calendar days in such Determination Period; and (y) the 
number of Determination Dates that would occur in any year. 
Where: 
"Determination Period" means each period from and including a Determination Date to but excluding the 
next Determination Date. 
"Determination Date" means each [insert Determination Date(s)]. 
(2) Rate of Interest.  
(a) 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each Interest Period (as defined below) will, except as otherwise 
provided below, be: 
(i) 
for the period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding [insert First Reset Date]3 
(the "First Reset Date") a fixed rate of [insert interest rate] per cent. per annum, and 
 
 
3 
To be no less than 5 years from the issue date plus 3/6 months if there is a 3/6 months par call.

--- Page 52 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
52 | 129 
 
(ii) 
for the period from and including the First Reset Date to but excluding the next following Reset Date and 
thereafter from and including each Reset Date to but excluding the next Reset Date the sum of the applicable 
Reference Rate (as defined below) and the initial credit spread of [insert initial annual credit spread deter-
mined at the time of pricing] per cent. per annum (the "Margin"), subject to a minimum Rate of Interest of 
0.00 per cent. per annum. 
(b) 
The "Reference Rate" for each Reset Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date (as defined below) prior to the Reset Date on which the relevant Reset Period commences as 
follows (subject to § 3(2)(c)): 
(i) 
For each Reset Period beginning prior to the occurrence of the first Effective Date (as defined in 
§ 3(2)(e)(vii)), if any, the Reference Rate will be equal to the Original Benchmark Rate on the relevant Inter-
est Determination Date. 
If the Screen Page is unavailable or if the Original Benchmark Rate does not appear on the Screen Page as 
at such time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Reference Rate will be equal to the Reference 
Bank Rate on that Interest Determination Date. 
If the Reference Bank Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the definition of such term, the Refer-
ence Rate shall be equal to the Original Benchmark Rate on the Screen Page on the last day preceding the 
Interest Determination Date on which such Original Benchmark Rate was displayed. 
(ii) 
For the Reset Period commencing immediately after the relevant Effective Date and all following Reset Pe-
riods, the Reference Rate will be determined in accordance with § 3(2)(e). 
(iii) 
For purposes of the determination of the Reference Rate, any rate which is not expressed on [in the case 
of quarterly interest payments insert: a quarterly] [in the case of semi-annual interest payments insert: 
a semi-annual] [in the case of annual interest payments insert: an annual] basis will be converted by the 
[Calculation Agent] to [in the case of quarterly interest payments insert: a quarterly] [in the case of 
semi-annual interest payments insert: a semi-annual] [in the case of annual interest payments insert: 
an annual] basis. 
(c) 
If the determination of the Reference Rate would cause a Regulatory Event, the Reference Rate applicable to the 
next and each subsequent Reset Period shall be the Reference Rate determined on the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date, provided that if this § 3(2)(c) is to be applied on the Interest Determination Date prior to the 
commencement of the first Reset Period, the Reference Rate applicable to the first and each subsequent Reset 
Period shall be [●] per cent. per annum4. 
(d) 
In this § 3: 
"Original Benchmark Rate" on a TARGET Business Day means the annual Euro Mid Swap Rate (expressed as a 
percentage per annum) as at 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), as displayed on the Screen Page as at or around 11:00 
a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, if later, as at or around such time at which the Euro Mid Swap Rate becomes available on 
the Screen Page) on such TARGET Business Day. For these purposes "Euro Mid Swap Rate" means the arith-
metic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction 
in Euro which (x) has a term of [5] [●] years and (y) has a floating leg based on the 6-month EURIBOR rate (or the 
EURIBOR rate for such other tenor as is the then prevailing market standard tenor for such fixed-for-floating interest 
rate swap transactions in Euro). 
 
 
4 
Calculated as the reoffer yield at the time of pricing of the Notes less the Margin.

--- Page 53 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
53 | 129 
 
"Reference Bank Rate" means the percentage rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determi-
nation Date on the basis of the [5] [●]-year Mid Swap Rate Quotations provided by up to five leading swap dealers 
in the interbank market selected by the Issuer (the "Reset Reference Banks") to the Calculation Agent at the 
request of the Issuer at approximately 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time). If at least three [5] [●]-year Mid Swap Rate 
Quotations are provided, the Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the lowest). If only two [5] [●]-year Mid Swap Rate Quotations are provided, the Reference Bank Rate will 
be the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one [5] [●]-year Mid Swap Rate Quotation is provided, 
the Reference Bank Rate will be the quotation provided. For this purpose, "[5] [●]-year Mid Swap Rate Quotation" 
means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed rate leg (calculated on a day count basis 
consistent with the then prevailing market standard for such fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transactions in 
Euro) of a fixed-for-floating EUR interest rate swap transaction which transaction (x) has a term of [5] [●] years and 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date (or, if different, such other date on which such a fixed-for-floating interest 
rate swap transaction in Euro would start based on the then prevailing regular settlement cycle and assuming the 
trade date to be such date), (y) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction in the relevant market 
at the relevant time, and (z) has a floating leg based on the 6-month EURIBOR rate (or, if different, EURIBOR for 
such other tenor as is the then prevailing market standard tenor for EURIBOR for the purpose of fixed-for-floating 
interest rate swap transactions) (calculated on a day count basis consistent with the then prevailing market standard 
for such fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transactions in Euro). 
Where: 
"Interest Determination Date" means the second TARGET Business Day prior to the relevant Reset Date. 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date and thereafter each fifth anniversary of the preceding Reset Date. 
"Reset Period" means each period from and including the First Reset Date to but excluding the next following 
Reset Date and thereafter from and including a Reset Date to but excluding the next following Reset Date. 
"Screen Page" means Reuters screen page "ICESWAP2 / EURFIXA" (or any successor page) under the heading 
"EURIBOR BASIS" (or any successor heading) and the caption "11:00 AM Frankfurt time" (or any successor cap-
tion) (the "Original Screen Page"). If the Original Screen Page permanently ceases to exist or permanently ceases 
to quote the Original Benchmark Rate but such quotation is available from another page selected by the Issuer in 
its reasonable discretion (the "Replacement Screen Page"), the "Screen Page" shall be the Replacement Screen 
Page with effect from the date on which the Replacement Screen Page is selected by the Issuer. 
(e) 
New Benchmark Rate. If a Benchmark Event (as defined in § 3(2)(e)(vi) occurs in relation to the Original Benchmark 
Rate, the Reference Rate and the interest on the Notes in accordance with § 3 will be determined as follows: 
(i) 
Independent Adviser. The Issuer shall, as soon as this is (in the Issuer's view) required following the occur-
rence of the Benchmark Event and prior to the next Interest Determination Date, use its best efforts to ap-
point an Independent Adviser (as defined in § 3(2)(e)(vi)), who will determine a New Benchmark Rate (as 
defined in § 3(2)(e)(vi)), the Adjustment Spread (as defined in § 3(2)(e)(vi)) and any Benchmark Amend-
ments (as defined in § 3(2)(e)(iv)). 
(ii) 
Fallback rate. If, prior to the 10th Business Day (as defined in § 1(6)) prior to the relevant Effective Date, 
(A) 
the Issuer has not appointed an Independent Adviser; or 
(B) 
the Independent Adviser appointed by it has not determined a New Benchmark Rate, has not deter-
mined the Adjustment Spread and/or has not determined any Benchmark Amendments (if required) 
in accordance with this § 3(2)(e),

--- Page 54 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
54 | 129 
 
then the Reference Rate applicable to the immediately Reset Period shall be the Reference Rate determined 
on the last Interest Determination Date immediately preceding the relevant Effective Date. 
If this § 3(2)(e)(ii) is to be applied on the Interest Determination Date with respect to the First Reset Date, 
the Reference Rate applicable to the first Reset Period shall be [●] per cent. per annum.5 
If the fallback rate determined in accordance with this § 3(2)(e)(ii) is to be applied, § 3(2)(e) will be operated 
again to determine the Reference Rate applicable to the next subsequent (and, if required, further subse-
quent) Reset Period(s). 
(iii) 
Successor Benchmark Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate. If the Independent Adviser determines in its 
reasonable discretion that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Benchmark Rate, then such Successor Benchmark Rate shall subsequently be 
the New Benchmark Rate; or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Benchmark Rate but that there is an Alternative Benchmark Rate, then such 
Alternative Benchmark Rate shall subsequently be the New Benchmark Rate. 
In either case the Reference Rate for the Reset Period commencing immediately after the Effective Date 
and (subject to the occurrence of a further Benchmark Event with respect to such New Benchmark Rate) all 
following Reset Periods will then be (x) the New Benchmark Rate on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date plus (y) the Adjustment Spread. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments. If any relevant New Benchmark Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread are 
determined in accordance with this § 3(2)(e), and if the Independent Adviser determines in its reasonable 
discretion that amendments to these Terms and Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such New Benchmark Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments"), then the Independent Adviser will determine any Benchmark Amendments. 
The Benchmark Amendments may include, without limitation, the following provisions of these Terms and 
Conditions: 
(A) 
the Reference Rate including the "Screen Page" and/or the method for determining the fallback rate 
in relation to the Reference Rate, including the Reference Bank Rate; and/or 
(B) 
the definitions of the terms "Business Day", "Interest Payment Date", "Interest Period", "Day Count 
Fraction" and/or "Interest Determination Date" (including the determination whether the Reference 
Rate will be determined on a forward looking or a backward-looking basis); and/or 
(C) 
the business day convention in § 4(4). 
(v) 
Notices, etc. The Issuer will notify any New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) determined under this § 3(2)(e) or the fallback rate in accordance with § 3(2)(c) or 
§ 3(2)(e)(ii), as the case may be, to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent and, in 
accordance with § 10, the Holders as soon as such notification is (in the Issuer's view) required following the 
determination thereof, but in any event not later than on the 10th Business Day prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. Any such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the Effective Date. 
The New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) or the fallback 
rate, as the case may be, each as specified in such notice, will be binding (in the absence of manifest error) 
 
 
5 
Calculated as the reoffer yield at the time of pricing of the Notes less the Margin.

--- Page 55 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
55 | 129 
 
on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent and the Holders. The Terms and 
Conditions shall be deemed to have been amended by the New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) with effect from the Effective Date. 
On or prior to the date of such notice, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
 
(I) 
confirming that a Benchmark Event has occurred; 
(II) 
specifying the relevant New Benchmark Rate determined in accordance with the provisions 
of this § 3(2)(e); 
(III) 
specifying the applicable Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any), each 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this § 3(2)(e); and 
(IV) 
specifying the Effective Date; and 
(B) 
confirming that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such relevant New Benchmark Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
(vi) 
Definitions. As used in this § 3(2)(e): 
The "Adjustment Spread", which may be positive, negative or zero, will be expressed in basis points and 
means either (x) the spread, or (y) the result of the operation of the formula or methodology for calculating 
the spread, which 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Benchmark Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Benchmark Rate with the Successor Benchmark Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or 
(B) 
(if no recommendation pursuant to clause (A) has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Bench-
mark Rate) is customarily applied to the New Benchmark Rate in the international debt capital mar-
kets to produce an industry-accepted replacement benchmark rate for the Original Benchmark Rate, 
provided that all determinations will be made by the Independent Adviser in its reasonable discretion; 
or 
(C) 
(if the Independent Adviser in its reasonable discretion determines that no such spread is customarily 
applied and that the following would be appropriate for the Notes) is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Benchmark Rate, where the Original Benchmark Rate has been replaced by the New Benchmark 
Rate, provided that all determinations will be made by the Independent Adviser in its reasonable 
discretion. 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" means an alternative benchmark or an alternative screen rate which is cus-
tomarily applied in the international debt capital markets for the purpose of determining mid swap rates with 
a [5] [●]-year maturity in EUR, provided that all determinations will be made by the Independent Adviser in 
its reasonable discretion. 
A "Benchmark Event" occurs if: 
(A) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the regulatory supervisor of the 
Original Benchmark Rate administrator is made, stating that said administrator has ceased or will

--- Page 56 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
56 | 129 
 
cease to provide the Original Benchmark Rate permanently or indefinitely, unless there is a successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Original Benchmark Rate; or 
(B) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the Original Benchmark Rate ad-
ministrator is made, stating that said administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Original 
Benchmark Rate permanently or indefinitely, unless there is a successor administrator that will con-
tinue to provide the Original Benchmark Rate; or 
(C) 
a public statement by the regulatory supervisor of the Original Benchmark Rate administrator is made 
that, in its view, the Original Benchmark Rate is no longer, or will no longer be, representative of the 
underlying market it purports to measure and no action to remediate such a situation is taken or 
expected to be taken as required by the supervisor of the Original Benchmark Rate administrator; or 
(D) 
it has become, for any reason, unlawful under any law or regulation applicable to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party to 
use the Original Benchmark Rate; or 
(E) 
the Original Benchmark Rate is permanently no longer published without a previous official an-
nouncement by the competent authority or the administrator; or 
(F) 
a material change is made to the Original Benchmark Rate methodology. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other independ-
ent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case appointed by the 
Issuer. 
"New Benchmark Rate" means the Successor Benchmark Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate determined in accordance with this § 3(2)(e). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of the replacement of the Original Benchmark Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request 
of (I) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
(II) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the adminis-
trator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (III) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (IV) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Benchmark Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Benchmark Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(vii) 
The effective date for the application of the New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the Bench-
mark Amendments (if any) determined under this § 3(2)(e) (the "Effective Date") will be the Interest Deter-
mination Date falling on or after the earliest of the following dates: 
(A) 
if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a result of clauses (A), (B) or (C) of the definition of the term 
"Benchmark Event", the date of cessation of publication of the Original Benchmark Rate, the date of 
the discontinuation of the Original Benchmark Rate or the date as from which the Original Benchmark 
Rate is no longer, or will no longer be, representative, as the case may be; or 
(B) 
if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a result of clause (D) of the definition of the term "Benchmark 
Event", the date from which the prohibition applies; or

--- Page 57 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
57 | 129 
 
(C) 
if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a result of clauses (E) or (F) of the definition of the term 
"Benchmark Event", the date of the occurrence of the Benchmark Event. 
(viii) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to any New Benchmark Rate, this § 3(2)(e) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to the replacement of such New Benchmark Rate by any new Successor Benchmark Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate, as the case may be. In this case, any reference in this § 3 to the term Original 
Benchmark Rate shall be deemed to be a reference to the New Benchmark Rate that last applied. 
(ix) 
Any reference in this § 3(2)(e) to the term "Original Benchmark Rate" shall be deemed to include a reference 
to any component part thereof, as applicable, if a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of that compo-
nent part. 
(3) Notification of the Rate of Interest and the Amount of Interest. The Calculation Agent shall procure that (i) the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent and the Holders (in accordance with § 10 and (ii) if required 
by the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are listed from time to time at the request of the Issuer, such stock 
exchange, will be notified of the Rate of Interest and the Amount of Interest (subject to the application of § 3(6) and § 5(8)-
(9)) for the Interest Periods from the relevant Reset Date up to the next Reset Date in each case without undue delay 
(unverzüglich), but in no event later than the fifth day of the Interest Period in relation to which the relevant Rate of Interest 
and the relevant Amounts of Interest apply for the first time. If at any time a write-down in accordance with § 5(8) or a write-
up in accordance with § 5(9) is effected, the Calculation Agent shall procure that (i) the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Prin-
cipal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent and the Holders pursuant to § 10 and (ii) if required by the rules of any stock ex-
change on which the Notes are listed from time to time at the initiative of the Issuer, such stock exchange, will be notified 
without undue delay (unverzüglich) of the amended Amount of Interest for the relevant Interest Period, during which such 
write-down or write-up is applicable for the first time. 
(4) Determinations are Binding. All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation Agent shall 
(in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent 
and the Holders. 
(5) Cessation of Interest Accrual. The Notes shall cease to bear interest from the beginning of the day on which they 
become due (fällig) for redemption. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall continue to accrue on 
the Current Principal Amount of the Notes beyond the due date until the end of the calendar day preceding the actual 
redemption of the Notes. The applicable rate of interest will be determined in accordance with this § 3. This does not affect 
any additional rights that might be available to the Holders. 
(6) Cancellation of Interest Payments. 
(a) 
Cancellation of Interest Payment at discretion of the Issuer.  The Issuer has the right to cancel all or part of any 
payment of interest on the Notes in its sole discretion. If the Issuer exercises such right, it will endeavour to give 
notice to the Holders in accordance with § 10 no later than on the relevant Interest Payment Date. Any failure to 
give such notice shall not affect the validity of the cancellation and shall not constitute a default for any purpose. A 
notice which has not been given by the relevant Interest Payment Date shall be given without undue delay (unver-
züglich) thereafter. 
(b) 
Mandatory Cancellation of Interest Payment.  Payment of interest on the Notes for the relevant Interest Period shall 
be mandatorily cancelled if a Compulsory Cancellation Event has occurred. 
A "Compulsory Cancellation Event" will have occurred with respect to the date on which any payment of interest 
on the Notes is scheduled to be paid under these Terms and Conditions

--- Page 58 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
58 | 129 
 
(i) 
if on or prior to the date on which the payment of interest is scheduled to be made, an Insolvency Event has 
occurred and is continuing on such date or if and to the extent such payment of interest would cause an 
Insolvency Event or accelerate the imminent occurrence of such Insolvency Event; or 
(ii) 
if and to the extent an order of the Competent Supervisory Authority prohibiting the Issuer from making 
payments under the Notes is in effect, or if and to the extent there is in effect any other prohibition on distri-
butions in respect of the Notes, whether by statute or by order of any authority; or 
(iii) 
if on or prior to the date on which the payment of interest is scheduled to be made, a Solvency Capital Event 
has occurred and is continuing on such date or the relevant payment would result in, or accelerate, the 
occurrence of a Solvency Capital Event, unless the conditions under the Applicable Supervisory Regulations 
for the exceptional permission of the payment of the relevant interest are fulfilled on such date. On the date 
of issue of the Notes this requires that: 
(A) 
on or prior to such date, the Competent Supervisory Authority, being aware of the occurrence of a 
Solvency Capital Event, by way of exception, has given, and not withdrawn by such date, its consent 
to the relevant payment of interest; and 
(B) 
the solvency position of the Issuer and/or the Issuer's Group would not be further weakened by the 
distribution; and 
(C) 
 
(I) 
the applicable Solo MCR; and 
(II) 
the applicable Group MCR of the Issuer's Group, 
are fulfilled after the relevant payment of interest on the Notes; and 
(iv) 
to the extent that such payment of interest, together with any additional Distributions in respect of shares 
and Distributions on other instruments on which Distributions may only be made from Available Distributable 
Items that are scheduled to be made on the same day or that have been made in the then current financial 
year of the Issuer (up to (and including) the day on which such interest payment is scheduled to be made), 
would exceed the Available Distributable Items; provided that, for such purpose, the Available Distributable 
Items shall be increased by an amount equal to that which has been accounted for as expenses for such 
Distributions (including interest payments on the Notes) in the determination of the profit on which the Avail-
able Distributable Items are based. 
The Issuer will endeavour to give notice of the cancellation of an interest payment on the Notes for the relevant 
Interest Period pursuant to this § 3(6)(b) in accordance with § 10 no later than the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
Any failure to give notice to the Holders shall not affect the validity of the cancellation and shall not constitute a 
default for any purpose. A notice which has not been given by the relevant Interest Payment Date shall be given 
without undue delay (unverzüglich) thereafter. 
The Issuer's sole discretion to cancel any interest payment according to § 3(6)(a) shall remain unaffected even if 
an interest payment is mandatorily cancelled in whole or in part pursuant to this § 3(6)(b). 
(c) 
Consequences of Cancelled Interest Payments.  The Issuer has full flexibility with respect to Interest Payments. 
The Issuer is entitled to use the funds from cancelled payments of interest without restrictions for the fulfilment of 
its own obligations when due (fällig). To the extent that payments of interest are cancelled, such cancellation in-
cludes all Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7(1)) payable pursuant to § 7. Any payments of interest which have 
been cancelled will not be made at any later date. The cancellation of an interest payment does not entitle the 
Holders to require the redemption of the Notes and shall not constitute a default for any purpose. There is no 
obligation of the Issuer to replace any cancelled interest payment with a payment in any other form.

--- Page 59 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
59 | 129 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1)(a) Payment of Principal.  Payment of principal on the Notes shall be made, subject to § 4(2) below, to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest.  Payment of interest and any Additional Amounts on the Notes shall be made, subject to § 4(2) 
below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System. 
(c) 
No compensation for any Taxes.  Without prejudice to the provisions of § 7, the Issuer will not be obliged to pay to 
the Holders any additional amounts as compensation for any Taxes (as defined in § 7(1)). 
(2) Manner of Payment.  Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of amounts due in respect 
of the Notes shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
(3) Discharge.  The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) Business Day Convention.  If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Business Day, 
then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next day that is a Business Day, and shall not be entitled to further 
interest or other payment in respect of such delay (the Interest Period shall not be adjusted accordingly).6  
(5) References to Principal and Interest.  References in these Terms and Conditions to "principal" in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Notes. References in these Terms and Conditions to "interest" in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7(1)) which may be payable under § 7(1). 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE; WRITE-DOWNS; WRITE-UPS 
(1) No Scheduled Maturity. The Notes are perpetual and have no scheduled maturity date and shall not fall due for re-
demption except in the cases provided for in § 5(3) or § 5(4) (in each case in connection with § 5(5) and § 5(6)) or (subject 
always to the ranking of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes set forth in § 2) in the event of insolvency proceedings 
(Konkursverfahren) or the liquidation of the Issuer. 
(2) Repurchase. 
(a) 
Subject to the Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase being fulfilled and applicable laws, the Issuer or any of 
its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price (each such 
purchase, a "Repurchase"). Such acquired Notes may be cancelled, held or resold. 
(b) 
The Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase do not have to be fulfilled for any Repurchase made by the Issuer 
or any of its affiliates for the account of a third party or Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable 
Securities (UCITS), unless the majority of the shares in the relevant UCITS are held by the Issuer or one of its 
affiliates. 
(c) 
§ 5(2)(a) and (b) shall apply mutatis mutandis to an acquisition of the Notes by way of exchange for other securities. 
(3) Redemption at the Option of the Issuer.  The Issuer may, upon giving a notice of redemption in accordance with § 5(5) 
and subject to the Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) being fulfilled, call the Notes for redemp-
tion (in whole but not in part) with effect as of each Optional Redemption Date.  
 
 
6 
Following business day convention unadjusted.

--- Page 60 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
60 | 129 
 
[If Redemption at the Option of the Issuer may only be exercised if the Current Principal Amount of each Note is 
equal to its Reference Principal Amount, insert: 
The Issuer may only exercise its redemption right in accordance with this § 5(3) if the Current Principal Amount of each 
Note is equal to its prevailing Reference Principal Amount (as defined in § 5(9)(d)).] 
If the Issuer exercises its call right in accordance with sentence 1 and the Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase are 
fulfilled on the Optional Redemption Date specified in the notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes at their Redemption 
Amount (as defined in § 5(5)(b) plus any interest accrued to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date specified in the 
notice but unpaid on the Optional Redemption Date specified in the notice. 
Where: 
"Optional Redemption Date" means 
[if 3/6 months par call insert:  
(i) 
each Business Day during the period from and including [●]7 to but excluding the First Reset Date; and] 
[(i)][(ii)] the First Reset Date; and 
[(ii)][(iii)] after the First Reset Date, [if no 3/6 months par call insert: each [[Interest Payment Date] [Reset Date] there-
after.] [if 3/6 months par call insert: each Business Day falling in a period from and including [●]8 immediately 
before each Reset Date to but excluding such Reset Date; and 
[(iii)][(iv)] 
each Reset Date.] 
(4) Redemption following a Gross-Up Event, a Tax Event, a Regulatory Event, [an Accounting Event,] a Rating Event or a 
Clean-Up Event.  If a Gross-Up Event, a Tax Event, a Regulatory Event, [an Accounting Event,] a Rating Event or a Clean-
Up Event occurs, the Issuer may, upon giving a notice of redemption in accordance with § 5(5) and subject to the Condi-
tions to Redemption and Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) being fulfilled, call the Notes for redemption (in whole but not in 
part) at any time with effect as of the redemption date specified in the notice (each of such call rights, an "Extraordinary 
Call Right").  
If the Issuer exercises its call right in accordance with sentence 1 and the Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase are 
fulfilled on the redemption date specified in the notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes at their Redemption Amount (as 
defined in § 5(5)(b) plus any interest accrued to but excluding the redemption date specified in the notice but unpaid, on 
the redemption date specified in the notice. 
In the case of a Gross-Up Event, no such notice of redemption may be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be for the first time obliged to pay any Additional Amounts pursuant to § 7 if a payment in respect 
of the Notes were then due. 
In the case of a Tax Event, no such notice of redemption may be given earlier than 90 days prior to the date, on which the 
deductibility of the interest expense would fall away. 
The Issuer may waive, however, at any time and in its sole discretion, any of the Extraordinary Call Rights for a (definite 
or indefinite) period of time to be determined by the Issuer (the "Inapplicability Period") by notice to the Holders in ac-
cordance with § 10. Any notice so given will be irrevocable and shall specify the Inapplicability Period(s) during which the 
Issuer shall cease to have the respective Extraordinary Call Right(s). 
 
 
7 
Insert date [3/6] months prior to the First Reset Date  
8 
Insert date [3/6] months prior to each Reset Date

--- Page 61 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
61 | 129 
 
Where: 
[An "Accounting Event" will occur if a confirmation of a recognised auditing firm has been delivered to the Issuer (and the 
Issuer has provided the Principal Paying Agent with a copy thereof) stating that, as a result of any change in or amendment 
to the Applicable Accounting Standards, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of 
the Notes, the Issuer must not or must no longer (including in case any such change or amendment to the Applicable 
Accounting Standards or their interpretation has retroactive effect) record the obligations under the Notes as [equity] on 
the balance sheet in the Issuer's annual solo and/or consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with the 
Applicable Accounting Standards and this cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking such measures it (acting in good faith) 
deems appropriate.] 
A "Clean-Up Event" will occur if at any time the Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer has purchased Notes equal to or 
more than 80 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes initially issued and the aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes is reduced by this percentage in the Global Note accordingly. 
A "Gross-Up Event" will occur if an opinion of a recognised law firm has been delivered to the Issuer (and the Issuer has 
provided the Fiscal Agent with a copy thereof) stating that, as a result of any change in, or amendment or clarification to, 
the laws, regulations or other rules, or as a result of any change in, or amendment or clarification to, the interpretation or 
application, or as a result of any interpretation or application made for the first time, of any such laws, regulations or other 
rules by any legislative body, court or authority (including the enactment of any legislation and the publication of any 
decision of any court or authority), which change, amendment or clarification becomes effective on or after the date of 
issue of the Notes (including in case any such change, amendment or clarification has retroactive effect), the Issuer has 
or will become obliged to pay Additional Amounts pursuant to § 7 on the Notes, and that obligation cannot be avoided by 
the Issuer taking such measures it (acting in good faith) deems reasonable and appropriate. 
A "Rating Event" will occur if, as a consequence of a change in, or clarification to, the rating methodology (or the interpre-
tation thereof) of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") (or any respective affiliate of any such rating agency or any 
respective successor), which change or clarification becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the Notes, the 
treatment (including the assigned equity content) of the Notes with respect to measuring the capitalisation or the leverage 
of the Issuer or the Issuer's Group worsens in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, as compared to the capital treatment 
(including the assigned equity content) of the Notes for the Issuer or the Issuer's Group assigned at or around the date of 
issue of the Notes. 
A "Regulatory Event" will occur if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Notes which would be likely to 
result (A) in their exclusion from own funds or (B) in their reclassification as a lower tier of own funds in whole or in part for 
purposes of the determination of 
(i) 
the solvency of the Issuer on an individual basis; and/or 
(ii) 
the group solvency of the Issuer's Group (including the capital adequacy of internationally active insurance groups 
(IAIG)),  
pursuant to the Applicable Supervisory Regulations, except where this is merely the result of exceeding any applicable 
quantitative limits for the Issuer and/or the Issuer's Group pursuant to the Applicable Supervisory Regulations or a reduced 
recognition as a result of a write-down in accordance with § 5(8). 
This includes (without limitation) an event where the Applicable Supervisory Regulations are supplemented or amended in 
relation to provisions specifically governing internationally active insurance groups (IAIG), and where, following such sup-
plement and/or amendment, the Notes would likely not or no longer be recognised in full as own-fund items of the highest 
tier available for subordinated debt instruments pursuant to such provisions, including after the expiration of transitional 
rules, if any.

--- Page 62 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
62 | 129 
 
For the purposes of the determination of the occurrence of a Regulatory Event it suffices that the Issuer has received a 
corresponding communication from the Competent Supervisory Authority. 
A "Tax Event" will occur if an opinion of a recognised law firm has been delivered to the Issuer (and the Issuer has provided 
the Fiscal Agent with a copy thereof) stating that, as a result of any change in, or amendment or clarification to, the laws, 
regulations or other rules, or as a result of any change in, or amendment or clarification to, the interpretation or application, 
or as a result of any interpretation or application made for the first time, of any such laws, regulations or other rules by any 
legislative body, court or authority (including the enactment of any legislation and the publication of any decision of any 
court or authority), which change, amendment or clarification becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the Notes 
(including in case any such change, amendment or clarification has retroactive effect), the interest expense in respect of 
the Notes is no longer, or will no longer be, fully deductible by the Issuer for income tax purposes, and this cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer taking such measures it (acting in good faith) deems reasonable and appropriate. 
(5) Notice of redemption and invalidity of the Redemption Notice; Redemption Amount.   
(a) 
Notice of redemption.  The Issuer will give not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Holders in accord-
ance with § 10 of any redemption pursuant to § 5(3) and § 5(4) (the "Redemption Notice"). In the case of a re-
demption in accordance with § 5(4) such Redemption Notice will set forth the underlying facts of the Issuer's Ex-
traordinary Call Right and specify the date fixed for redemption. 
Even if such notice of redemption pursuant to this § 5(5) is given, the redemption pursuant to § 5(3) and § 5(4) is 
subject to the Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase being fulfilled on the date fixed for redemption in the 
notice of redemption. If the Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase are not fulfilled on the date fixed for redemp-
tion in the Redemption Notice, the Redemption Notice shall be deemed invalid and the corresponding redemption 
shall not be made. The Issuer will endeavour to give notice to the Holders in accordance with § 10 no later than on 
the date fixed for redemption in the Redemption Notice. Any failure to give such notice shall not affect the invalidity 
of the notice and the corresponding prohibition of redemption and shall not constitute a default for any purpose. A 
notice which has not been given by the date fixed for redemption in the Redemption Notice shall be given without 
undue delay (unverzüglich) thereafter. 
Failure to comply with the Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase shall not entitle the Holders to require the 
Issuer to redeem the Notes and any failure to redeem the Notes for such reason shall not constitute a default by 
the Issuer or any other event of default under these Notes or for any other purpose. 
(b) 
Redemption Amount.   
(i) 
In case of a call and redemption in accordance with § 5(3), the "Redemption Amount" of each Note shall 
be its prevailing Reference Principal Amount. 
(ii) 
In case of a call and redemption in accordance with § 5(4), the "Redemption Amount" of each Note shall 
be its prevailing Current Principal Amount. 
(iii) 
In the event of a redemption after the commencement of insolvency or liquidation proceedings with respect 
to the Issuer, the "Redemption Amount" of each Note shall be its prevailing Current Principal Amount; the 
provision on subordination pursuant to § 2 remains unaffected by this provision. 
(6) Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase.  "Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase" means the requirements 
that must be fulfilled on any day with respect to a scheduled redemption of the Notes by the Issuer or a planned Repurchase 
by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries in accordance with the Applicable Supervisory Regulations in order for the Notes to 
qualify as Restricted Tier 1 Instruments. On the date of issue of the Notes this requires the following:

--- Page 63 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
63 | 129 
 
(a) 
The Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase are fulfilled on any date with respect to a scheduled redemption of 
the Notes or a planned Repurchase, if, on such date, 
(i) 
no Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing on such date and the payment of the Redemption 
Amount or the Repurchase would not result in, or accelerate, the occurrence of an Insolvency Event (not-
withstanding the above, the claims of the Holders under the Notes in any insolvency or liquidation proceed-
ings in relation to the Issuer will fall due in accordance with the Applicable Insolvency Regulations); and 
(ii) 
no Solvency Capital Event has occurred and is continuing on such date or would be caused by the redemp-
tion of the Notes or the Repurchase, unless the conditions under the Applicable Supervisory Regulations for 
the exceptional permission of the redemption of the Notes or the Repurchase are met on such date; such 
exceptional permission requires that 
(A) 
the Competent Supervisory Authority, being aware of the occurrence of a Solvency Capital Event 
that is continuing, has given, and not withdrawn by such date, its prior consent to the redemption or 
the Repurchase; and 
(B) 
the capital paid-in for the Notes is replaced by or converted into other paid-in Tier 1 basic own-fund 
items of at least the same quality; and 
(C) 
 
(I) 
the applicable Solo MCR of the Issuer; and 
(II) 
the applicable Group MCR, 
are fulfilled also after the redemption of the Notes or the Repurchase;  
and 
(iii) 
the Competent Supervisory Authority has given, and not withdrawn by such day, its prior consent to the 
redemption of the Notes or to the Repurchase as required under the Applicable Supervisory Regulations; 
and 
(iv) 
no Relevant Consolidated Subsidiary Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing on such date, unless 
the Competent Supervisory Authority, being aware of the occurrence of a Relevant Consolidated Subsidiary 
Insolvency Event that is continuing, has not objected to the redemption or the Repurchase; 
(v) 
in the case of any redemption of the Notes or any Repurchase prior to [●]9 the capital paid-in for the Notes 
is replaced by or converted into other paid-in Tier 1 basic own-fund items of at least the same quality, in 
each case with the prior consent of the Competent Supervisory Authority, provided that the replacement or 
conversion requirement in accordance with this clause (v) applies only subject to clause (v)(A) and 
clause (v)(B). 
(A) 
No replacement or conversion requirement in accordance with clause (v) applies if, in the case of any 
redemption following the occurrence of a Gross-Up Event or a Tax Event, the following conditions 
are met: 
(I) 
an Appropriate Margin exists; and 
 
 
9 
Insert fifth anniversary of the issue date.

--- Page 64 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
64 | 129 
 
(II) 
the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Supervisory Authority that the 
Gross-Up Event or the Tax Event is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the date 
of issue of the Notes. 
(B) 
No replacement or conversion requirement in accordance with clause (v) applies if, in the case of any 
redemption following the occurrence of a Regulatory Event the following conditions are met: 
(I) 
an Appropriate Margin exists; and 
(II) 
the Competent Supervisory Authority considers it to be sufficiently certain that the change 
relevant for the Regulatory Event occurs or will occur, and the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Supervisory Authority that the exclusion of the Notes from the 
Restricted Tier 1 basic own funds items of the Issuer or the Issuer's Group or the regulatory 
reclassification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable at the date of issue of the Notes; 
(vi) 
in the event of a redemption of the Notes or a Repurchase from and including [●]10 to but excluding [●]11  
(A) 
the applicable Solo SCR and/or the applicable Group SCR will be exceeded each by an Appropriate 
Margin; or 
(B) 
the capital paid in for the Notes is replaced with or converted into other paid in Tier 1 Own-Fund Items 
of at least the same quality. 
(b) 
If, at the time of a scheduled redemption of the Notes or a planned Repurchase, the Applicable Supervisory Regu-
lations permit the repayment or Repurchase only after compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre-
conditions, then such other and/or additional pre-conditions shall be deemed to constitute "Conditions to Redemp-
tion and Repurchase" instead of, or in addition to, the conditions set forth in this § 5(6) above. 
(c) 
If the Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase are not fulfilled, this will not entitle the Holders to require the Issuer 
to redeem the Notes, and if the Issuer does not redeem the Notes as a result thereof, this shall not constitute a 
default of the Issuer or any other breach of its obligations under the Notes or for any purpose. 
(7) No Right of Termination or Acceleration by the Holders.  The Holders have no right to terminate or otherwise accelerate 
the redemption of the Notes. 
(8) Write-down.  
(a) 
Upon the occurrence of a Deterioration Event, a Trigger Event or a Special Trigger Event, the Current Principal 
Amount of each Note will (subject to § 5(8)(b)) be fully written down by reduction of the Current Principal Amount 
to EUR 0.01. The Issuer will determine the occurrence of such an event pursuant to the Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations. Absent manifest error, such determination shall be binding on the Fiscal Agent, the Principal Paying 
Agent, any Paying Agent(s), the Calculation Agent and the Holders. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, a Note with a Current Principal Amount of EUR 0.01 shall be 
deemed to be fully written down at that point in time. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of a Deterioration Event, a Trigger Event or a Special Trigger Event 
shall not entitle the Holders to require the redemption of the Notes and shall not constitute a default of the Issuer. 
Any write-down in respect of the Notes shall be made regardless of the write-down or mandatory conversion of any 
other Restricted Tier 1 Instruments or of instruments with comparable terms, to which a write-down or mandatory 
 
 
10 
Insert fifth anniversary of the issue date. 
11 
Insert tenth anniversary of the issue date.

--- Page 65 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
65 | 129 
 
conversion applies, and shall in no way depend on the implementation of such write-down or mandatory conversion 
of other Restricted Tier 1 Instruments or instruments with comparable terms. 
A "Deterioration Event" occurs if the Notes have not been fully written down, a Trigger Event or a Special Trigger 
Event has occurred previously and is continuing and a Regulatory Ratio relevant for the occurrence of this Trigger 
Event or a Special Trigger Event has further deteriorated. The Issuer will determine the deterioration of the relevant 
Regulatory Ratio(s) pursuant to the Applicable Supervisory Regulations (including in compliance with the time limits 
and deadlines within which such deteriorations of the Regulatory Ratio(s) must be taken into account). 
A "Special Trigger Event" occurs if  
(i) 
the Solo SCR Ratio is less than 100 per cent. but more than 75 per cent. and has not improved to at least 
100 per cent. within three months after the non-compliance with the Solo SCR was determined for the first 
time; and/or 
(ii) 
the Group SCR Ratio is less than 100 per cent. but more than 75 per cent. and has not improved to at least 
100 per cent. within three months after the non-compliance with the Group SCR Ratio was determined for 
the first time. 
A "Trigger Event" occurs if the Notes are not fully written down and at least one of the following conditions (i) or (ii) 
is fulfilled: 
(i) 
(A) 
the Solo SCR Ratio is equal to or less than 75 per cent.; and/or 
(B) 
the Group SCR Ratio is equal to or less than 75 per cent.; and/or 
(ii) 
 
(A) 
the Solo MCR Ratio is equal to or less than 100 per cent. of the Solo MCR; and/or 
(B) 
the Group MCR Ratio is equal to or less than 100 per cent. of the Group MCR. 
(b) 
If and to the extent the requirements for the recognition of Restricted Tier 1 Instruments in accordance with the 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations permit, the Issuer may exceptionally elect to refrain from a write-down in full or 
in part and can write down the Current Principal Amount of each Note either not at all or only partially. However, in 
such case the Issuer shall not be obligated to refrain from a full write-down or, if the Applicable Supervisory Regu-
lations require the consent of the Competent Supervisory Authority, to apply for such consent to waive the write-
down; moreover, any such application may be withdrawn by the Issuer at any time. 
On the date of issue of the Notes, the Issuer may refrain from effecting a full write-down pursuant to the Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations subject to the following provisions: 
(i) 
Write-down Until Cure. If a Special Trigger Event has occurred and a partial write-down would be sufficient 
to re-establish compliance with the relevant Regulatory Ratio(s), the Issuer may effect a write-down of the 
Current Principal Amount of each Note only in part, namely by the amount sufficient to re-establish compli-
ance with the relevant Regulatory Ratio(s). 
(ii) 
Linear Write-down. If a Special Trigger Event has occurred and a partial write-down would not be sufficient 
to re-establish compliance with the relevant Regulatory Ratio(s), the Current Principal Amount of each Note 
will be written-down on a linear basis and in a manner which ensures that the full write-down will occur when 
the relevant Regulatory Ratio(s) reach(es) 75 per cent. 
(iii) 
Further Write-down(s) Subsequent to a Partial Write-down According to § 5(8)(b)(ii).

--- Page 66 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
66 | 129 
 
(A) 
Upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event or a Special Trigger Event, the Current Principal Amount of 
each Note will be fully written down by reduction of the Current Principal Amount to EUR 0.01. 
(B) 
If, at the end of a three-month period after the last determined occurrence of a Special Trigger Event, 
which caused the initial write-down, a Deterioration Event, but no Trigger Event has occurred, the 
Current Principal Amount of each Note will be further written-down according to § 5(8)(b)(ii) in order 
to take into account this deterioration of the relevant Regulatory Ratio(s). 
(C) 
At the end of each subsequent three-month period, the method according to § 5(8)(b)(iii)(B) will be 
applied to each subsequent deterioration of the relevant Regulatory Ratio(s) until the Issuer has re-
established compliance with the relevant Regulatory Ratio(s) or the Current Principal Amount of each 
Note is fully written-down by reduction of the Current Principal Amount to EUR 0.01. 
(iv) 
Prudential Waiver of the Write-down (Waiver). The Issuer is further allowed to refrain from effecting a write-
down if one or more Special Trigger Events have occurred and, at the same time, no Trigger Event has 
occurred and the Competent Supervisory Authority has, by way of exception, declared its consent to the 
waiver of the write-down, which requires that at least the following information must be available to the 
Competent Supervisory Authority: 
(A) 
projections, which the Issuer submits to the Competent Supervisory Authority when submitting the 
recovery plan required by Article 138 (2) of the Directive 2009/138/EC, as implemented in national 
law, stating that a write-down in that case would be very likely to give rise to a tax liability that would 
have a significantly adverse effect on the Issuer's or the Group's solvency position; and 
(B) 
a certificate issued by the Issuer's appointed auditor certifying that all of the assumptions used in the 
projections are realistic. 
The Issuer shall prepare the application (if any) for the prudential waiver of the write-down immediately upon 
determination of any non-compliance with the relevant solvency capital requirement (on an individual and/or 
consolidated basis) and prior to the occurrence of the Special Trigger Event and shall file it with the Compe-
tent Supervisory Authority as early as possible (but no later than permissible under the Applicable Supervi-
sory Regulations). 
(c) 
Upon determination of the occurrence of a Deterioration Event, a Trigger Event or a Special Trigger Event, the 
Issuer shall 
(i) 
notify the Competent Supervisory Authority, and endeavour to give notice to the Holders in accordance with 
§ 10, within five Business Days of the occurrence of the Deterioration Event, Trigger Event or Special Trigger 
Event and the fact that, if any, a (full or partial) write-down may be necessary; and 
(ii) 
without undue delay (unverzüglich), but no later than five Business Days after the necessary information is 
available and the conditions for the determination of the amount of the write-down are met, determine the 
amount of the write-down per Note in accordance with the Applicable Supervisory Regulations and the re-
sulting new Current Principal Amount; and  
(iii) 
(x) notify the Competent Supervisory Authority, and (y) endeavour to give notice to the Holders in accord-
ance with § 10, the Fiscal Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent 
and, if required by the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are listed from time to time at the 
initiative of the Issuer, such stock exchange, or (if the relevant conditions under the Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations are met) notify the persons listed in (x) and (y) that no write-down will be effected. 
Any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the determination of the occurrence of a Deterioration 
Event, a Trigger Event or a Special Trigger Event, the determination of the amount of the write-down per Note and 
the write down. Any notice which has not been given shall be given without undue delay (unverzüglich) thereafter.

--- Page 67 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
67 | 129 
 
Any failure to give such notice shall not entitle the Holders to require the redemption of the Notes and shall not 
constitute a default for any purpose. 
If the requirements for the recognition of Restricted Tier 1 Instruments pursuant to the Applicable Supervisory Reg-
ulations at the relevant time require an earlier determination of the amount of the write-down or the Competent 
Supervisory Authority requires such earlier determination, the determination shall, according to these requirements 
or this request, be effected earlier. 
The notifications pursuant to this § 5(8)(c) do not replace the notification of the amended Amount of Interest pursu-
ant to § 3(3). 
(d) 
The write-down is effected upon the determination of the write-down amount by the Issuer or (if applicable) by the 
Competent Supervisory Authority, in an amount as determined by the Issuer or the Competent Supervisory Authority 
and, as of that point in time, the Current Principal Amount of each outstanding Note is reduced to the new Current 
Principal Amount so determined. Any failure to give the notices pursuant to § 5(8)(c) shall not affect the validity of 
the write-down.  
(e) 
To the extent the Notes are not already fully written down, further write-downs can be effected at a later date, if and 
to the extent a further Deterioration Event, a further Trigger Event or a further Special Trigger Event occurs, provided 
that the other relevant requirements are met. 
(f) 
A reversal of any write-down shall only be effected by way of a write-up in accordance with § 5(9). 
(9) Write-up. 
(a) 
After a write-down has been effected in accordance with § 5(8), the Current Principal Amount of each Note out-
standing may be written up in one or more steps in accordance with the provisions of § 5(9)(b) in each financial 
year of the Issuer following the occurrence of such write-down until its full Reference Principal Amount (as defined 
in § 5(9)(d)) has been restored. 
(b) 
The Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to effect a write-up if and to the extent that the Issuer determines on the 
fifth Business Day prior to an Interest Payment Date that, in accordance with the requirements for recognition of 
Restricted Tier 1 Instruments, a write-up is permitted with effect as of that Interest Payment Date under the Appli-
cable Supervisory Regulations. 
On the date of issue of the Notes, a write-up requires pursuant to the Applicable Supervisory Regulations in partic-
ular that 
(i) 
each Regulatory Ratio is higher than 100 per cent., the write-up would not cause any Regulatory Ratio to 
decline to 100 per cent. or less and there is no imminent risk that any Regulatory Ratio declines to 100 per 
cent. or less within the next three months after the write-up; 
(ii) 
a write-up would be possible on the basis of the net income (Jahresüberschuss) of the Issuer of the imme-
diately preceding financial year to be determined on the basis of a pro forma calculation (which may be 
based on the prepared annual financial statements (aufgestellter Jahresabschluss)) and no Regulatory Ratio 
was 100 per cent. or less during the immediately preceding financial year; 
(iii) 
the write-up is implemented in a manner that does not undermine the loss absorbency pursuant to Arti-
cle 71(5) of the Delegated Regulation; 
(iv) 
the write-up would not cause a hindrance to recapitalization in respect of the Issuer and/or the Issuer's 
Group; and 
(v) 
no insolvency or liquidation proceedings have been initiated against the Issuer that are still ongoing.

--- Page 68 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
68 | 129 
 
Subject to any existing contractual restrictions, the write-up shall be effected using the amounts designated therefor 
on a pari passu basis with the write-up of other Restricted Tier 1 Instruments of the Issuer which provide for a write-
up and for which the conditions for a write-up are fulfilled. 
(c) 
If the Issuer (if required, after prior consultation with the Competent Supervisory Authority) elects to effect a write-
up pursuant to § 5(9)(b), it shall give notice to the Holders in accordance with § 10 and notify the Competent Su-
pervisory Authority, the Fiscal Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent(s), the Calculation Agent, and, 
if required by the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are listed from time to time at the initiative of the 
Issuer, such stock exchange of the write up (such notice shall specify the amount of the write-up as a percentage 
of the Reference Principal Amount per Note, the new Current Principal Amount per Note and the Interest Payment 
Date, upon which the write-up is to become effective (in each case, a "Write-up Date")) without undue delay (un-
verzüglich). The write-up shall be deemed to be made with effect from the Write-up Date specified in the notice 
given in accordance with this § 5(9)(c) and the Current Principal Amount of each Note shall be increased by the 
amount stated in this notice to the new Current Principal Amount. 
(d) 
If the principal amount was written down in full or in part and has not been written up to the then prevailing Reference 
Principal Amount in full within ten years after the last write-down, then the Reference Principal Amount of each Note 
shall be reduced to the Current Principal Amount of each Note as of the tenth anniversary of the last write-down. 
Upon a reduction of the Reference Principal Amount in accordance with this provision, the Issuer will notify the 
Holders in accordance with § 10; however, any failure to give such notice shall not constitute a default for any 
purpose. 
"Reference Principal Amount" means, with respect to each Note: (i) at the issue date and for so long as the 
Reference Principal Amount has not been reduced pursuant to this § 5(9)(d), the Original Principal Amount of such 
Note and (ii) thereafter, the Reference Principal Amount of such Note as reduced pursuant to this § 5(9)(d). A Note 
that was previously written down can, at any time, only be written up to a maximum principal amount equal to its 
then prevailing Reference Principal Amount. 
§ 6 
FISCAL AGENT, 
PAYING AGENT[S] AND 
CALCULATION AGENT 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices.  The initial Fiscal Agent, the initial Principal Paying Agent and the initial Calculation 
Agent and their respective initial specified offices are: 
Erste Group Bank AG 
Am Belvedere 1 
A-1100 Vienna 
Austria 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent(s) and the Calculation Agent reserve the right at any time to change their respective 
specified office to some other specified office in the same city. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment.  The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment 
of the Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint another Fiscal Agent, additional or other 
Paying Agents or another Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall at all times maintain: (i) a Fiscal Agent; (ii) for so long as the 
Notes are listed at the initiative of the Issuer on a stock exchange, a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a 
specified office in such place as may be required by the rules of such stock exchange or its supervisory authority, and (iii) a 
Calculation Agent. The Issuer will give notice to the Holders of any variation, termination, appointment or any other change 
as soon as possible upon the effectiveness of such change.

--- Page 69 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
69 | 129 
 
(3) Agents of the Issuer.  The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer 
and do not have any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to any Holder. 
(4) Determinations Binding.  All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and deci-
sions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions by the Fiscal 
Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, inequitableness or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent and the Holders and, in the absence of the aforesaid, no liability to the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or the Holders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(5) Independent Adviser. If the Issuer appoints an Independent Adviser in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, 
§ 6(3) and (4) shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Independent Adviser. 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
(1) General Taxation.  All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be 
made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
of whatever nature ("Taxes") imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within the Republic of Austria or by 
any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
If the Issuer is required by law to make any withholding or deduction for any Taxes from any payment of interest in respect 
of the Notes, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") to the Holder as shall result in 
receipt by that Holder of such amounts as would have been received by the Holder had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note: 
(a) 
which are payable to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is liable to such Taxes in respect of such Note 
by reason of it having some connection with the Issuer's country of domicile for tax purposes other than the mere 
holding of the Note; or 
(b) 
in respect of any Taxes which are to be withheld or deducted pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international treaty, agreement or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to which the Issuer's country of domicile for tax purposes or the European Union is a 
party, or (iii) any provision of law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, 
Regulation, treaty, agreement or understanding; or 
(c) 
in respect of any Taxes which are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf of 
a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a withholding or deduction by the Issuer from 
payments of interest made by it. 
(2) U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA).  The Issuer is authorised to withhold or deduct from amounts 
payable under the Notes to a Holder or beneficial owner of Notes sufficient funds for the payment of any tax that it is 
required to withhold or deduct pursuant an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the "Code"), or that is otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any 
regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States 
and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices 
implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a "FATCA Withholding"). Nei-
ther the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
§ 8 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 
thirty years (in the case of principal) and three years (in the case of interest) upon the relevant due date.

--- Page 70 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
70 | 129 
 
§ 9 
FURTHER ISSUES OF NOTES, 
CANCELLATION 
(1) Further Issues of Notes.  The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, issue further Notes 
having the same terms as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the date of issuance, issue price, Interest 
Commencement Date and/or first Interest Payment Date) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
(2) Cancellation.  All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
§ 10 
NOTICES 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on a Stock Exchange at the initiative of the Issuer, insert: 
(1) Publication.  [If notices may be given by means of a leading daily newspaper, insert: All notices concerning the 
Notes will be published in a leading daily newspaper having general circulation in [Austria] [specify other location]. This 
newspaper is expected to be the [Amtsblatt zur Wiener Zeitung] [insert other applicable newspaper having general circu-
lation] in the German or English language [if notices may be given additionally by means of electronic publication 
on the website of the relevant stock exchange(s), insert: and will be published on the website of [insert relevant stock 
exchange] under [insert website of the stock exchange]]. [Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given 
on the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the date of the first such publication).]] 
[If notices may be given exclusively by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant stock ex-
change (if any), insert: All notices concerning the Notes can also be made by means of electronic publication on the 
website of the [insert relevant stock exchange] (www.[insert internet address]). [Any notice so given will be deemed to 
have been validly given on the day of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the first day of such publica-
tion).]] 
[(1)][(2)] Notification to Clearing System. 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted, insert: The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the Clearing 
System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
to the Holders on the seventh day after the day on which said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on a Stock Exchange at the initiative of the Issuer, insert: The Issuer may, in 
lieu of publication set forth in § 10(1) above, deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System, for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Holders, provided that the rules of the stock exchange on which Notes are listed at the initiative of 
the Issuer permit such form of notice. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the seventh 
day after the day on which said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
§ 11 
MEETING OF HOLDERS, 
MODIFICATIONS AND WAIVER 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions.  In accordance with subsequent provisions and subject to complying with 
the regulatory requirements for the qualification of the Notes as Restricted Tier 1 Instruments of the Issuer and the Issuer's 
Group and the prior consent of the Competent Supervisory Authority (if under the Applicable Supervisory Regulations such 
prior consent is required at the time), the Holders may agree with the Issuer on amendments of these Terms and Conditions 
with regard to certain matters by resolution with the majority specified below. Majority resolutions of the Holders shall be 
binding on all Holders alike. A majority resolution of the Holders which does not provide for identical conditions for all 
Holders is void unless Holders who are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated disadvantageously. 
(2) Measures.  The Holders may consent, by majority resolution, to the following measures, among others:

--- Page 71 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
71 | 129 
 
(a) 
reduction or exclusion of interest payments; 
(b) 
reduction of the principal amount; 
(c) 
conversion or exchange of the Notes into shares, other securities or other promises of performance; 
(d) 
changes in the currency of the Notes; and 
(e) 
substitution of the Issuer. 
Any amendments will not be made if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably 
be expected to result in a change in the regulatory classification of the Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion 
from own funds or reclassification as a lower quality form of own funds. 
(3) Convening a Meeting of Holders.  The Holders' meeting shall be convened by the Issuer or by the Joint Representative. 
It shall be convened if Holders who together hold 5 per cent. of the outstanding Notes request such convocation in writing 
for the purpose of appointing or removing a Joint Representative, passing a resolution in order to render a termination 
invalid or for any other particular interest in such convocation. 
(4) Contents of the Convening Notice, Publication.  The convening notice shall state the name and the registered office of 
the Issuer and the time of the Holders' meeting, the agenda and the conditions on which attendance at the Holders' meeting 
and the exercise of voting rights shall depend. The convening notice shall be published pursuant to § 10. 
(5) Convening Period, Evidence.  The Holders' meeting shall be called at least 14 calendar days before the date of the 
meeting. As evidence for the entitlement to participate in the Holders' meeting a special confirmation issued by the Clearing 
System or the Custodian (as defined in § 1(6)) in text form shall be presented. 
(6) Agenda.  The convening party shall include in the agenda a proposed resolution for each subject on which the Holders' 
meeting is to pass a resolution. The agenda of the Holders' meeting shall be published together with the convening notice. 
No resolutions may be passed on agenda items that have not been published in the required manner. Holders who together 
hold 5 per cent. of the outstanding Notes may request that new items be published for resolution. Such new items must be 
published no later than the third calendar day preceding the Holders' meeting. Without undue delay and until the date of 
the Holders' meeting, the Issuer shall make available to the Holders on its website ("www.vig.com"), any counter-motions 
announced by a Holder before the meeting. 
(7) Quorum.  The Chairperson shall prepare a register of Holders participating in the vote. Such register shall include the 
Holders' names, their registered offices or places of residence and the number of voting rights represented by each Holder. 
Such register shall be signed by the Chairperson of the meeting and be made available without undue delay to all Holders. 
The Holders' meeting shall have a quorum if the persons present represent at least fifty per cent. of the outstanding Notes 
by value. If the Holders' meeting does not have a quorum, the Chairperson may convene a second meeting for the purposes 
of passing the resolution(s) anew. Such second meeting requires no quorum. For resolutions which require a qualified 
majority the persons present must represent at least 25 per cent. of the outstanding Notes. Notes for which voting rights 
have been suspended shall not be included in the outstanding Notes. 
(8) Majority Requirements.  Resolutions relating to material amendments of these Terms and Conditions, in particular con-
sents to the measures set out in § 11(2) above shall be passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. (Qualified 
Majority) of the votes cast. Resolutions relating to amendments of these Terms and Conditions which are not material 
require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
(9) Vote without a Meeting.  All votes will be taken exclusively by vote taken without a meeting. The vote shall be conducted 
by the scrutineer. The scrutineer shall be a notary appointed by the Issuer, or the Joint Representative if it has requested 
such vote. The request for voting shall set out the period within which votes may be cast. Such period shall be at least 
72 hours. During the voting period, the Holders may cast their votes to the scrutineer in text form. The request shall set out 
in detail the conditions to be met in order for the votes to be valid. The scrutineer shall ascertain the entitlement to cast a

--- Page 72 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
72 | 129 
 
vote by means of the evidence provided and shall prepare a list of Holders entitled to vote. If it is ascertained that no 
quorum exists, the scrutineer may convene a Holders' meeting, which shall be deemed to be a second Holders' meeting 
within the meaning of § 11(7). Any resolution passed by the vote shall be recorded in the minutes by a notary. Each Holder 
participating in the vote may request within one year of the end of the voting period a copy of the minutes and its annexes 
from the Issuer. Each Holder participating in the vote may object to the result in writing within two weeks of publication of 
the resolutions. The scrutineer shall decide on any such objection. If it takes remedial action as a result of the objection, it 
shall publish the result without undue delay. § 11(13) shall apply mutatis mutandis. If the scrutineer does not take remedial 
action as a result of the objection, it shall notify the objecting Holder without undue delay in writing. 
(10) Voting Right.  Each Holder shall participate in votes in accordance with the principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
held by such Holder. Voting rights are suspended with respect to the shares attributable to the Issuer or any of its subsid-
iaries or held for the account of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries. The Issuer may not make available Notes for which 
the voting rights have been suspended to any third party for the purposes of exercising the voting rights in lieu of the Issuer. 
This shall also apply to any subsidiaries of the Issuer. Exercise of voting rights for the purposes specified above is prohib-
ited. It is prohibited to offer, promise or grant any advantage as consideration to any person entitled to vote not to vote, or 
to vote in a particular way, in a Holders' meeting or a vote. No person entitled to vote may require, accept any promise of 
or accept any advantage or consideration for not voting, or voting in a particular way, in a Holders' meeting or a vote. 
(11) Chair of the Vote.  The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the Joint Representative has 
convened the vote, by the Joint Representative (the "Chairperson"). 
(12) Voting, Minutes.  The provisions of the Austrian Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) regarding the voting of share-
holders in the general meeting shall apply mutatis mutandis to the casting and counting of votes. In order to be valid, any 
resolution passed by the Holders' meeting shall be recorded in minutes of the meeting. The minutes shall be recorded by 
a notary. 
(13) Publication of Resolutions.  The Issuer shall publish the resolutions passed by the Holders in appropriate form and at 
its own expense. The resolutions shall be published without undue delay pursuant § 10. In addition, for a period of at least 
one month commencing on the calendar day following the Holders' meeting, the Issuer shall make available to the public 
on its website ("www.vig.com") the resolutions passed by the Holders and, if these Terms and Conditions are amended by 
a Holders' resolution, the wording of the original Terms and Conditions. 
(14) Implementation of Resolutions.  Resolutions passed by the Holders' meeting which amend or supplement the contents 
shall be implemented in such a way that the relevant Global Note is supplemented or amended. If the Global Note has 
been deposited with a central securities depository, the Chairperson of the meeting or the scrutineer shall forward for this 
purpose the contents of the resolution recorded in the minutes to the central securities depository, requesting it to add the 
documents submitted to [if the Notes are represented by a non-digital Global Note, insert: the existing documents] [if 
the Notes are represented by a digital Global Note, insert: the electronic data record] in appropriate form. It shall affirm 
to the central securities depository that the resolution may be implemented. 
(15) Joint Representative.  The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a joint representative (the "Joint Representa-
tive") to exercise the Holders' rights on behalf of each Holder. 
(16) Exclusion of the Applicability of the Austrian Notes Trustee Act.  The applicability of the provisions of the Austrian 
Notes Trustee Act (Kuratorengesetz) and the Austrian Notes Trustee Supplementation Act (Kuratorenergänzungsgesetz) 
is explicitly excluded in relation to the Notes. 
§ 12 
SUBSTITUTION 
(1) Substitution.  The Issuer may at any time, without the consent of the Holders, substitute for itself any other company 
(other than an insurance undertaking) which is directly or indirectly controlled by the Issuer, as new issuer (the "New

--- Page 73 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
73 | 129 
 
Issuer") in respect of all obligations arising under or in connection with the Notes with the effect of releasing the Issuer of 
all such obligations, if: 
(a) 
the New Issuer assumes any and all obligations of the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Notes; and 
(b) 
the Issuer and the New Issuer have obtained all internal authorisations necessary for the substitution and the fulfil-
ment of the obligations arising under or in connection with the Notes and the Competent Supervisory Authority 
having given its prior consent to the substitution; and 
(c) 
the New Issuer is in the position to pay to the Clearing System in the Specified Currency and without deducting or 
withholding any taxes or other duties of whatever nature imposed, levied or deducted by the country (or countries) 
in which the New Issuer has its domicile or tax residence all amounts required for the performance of the payment 
obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes; and 
(d) 
the Issuer irrevocably guarantees on a subordinated basis such obligations of the New Issuer under the Notes on 
terms which ensure that each Holder will be put in an economic position that is not less as favourable as that which 
would have existed if the substitution had not taken place; and 
(e) 
the Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase are fulfilled at the time of the substitution; these, which shall apply 
mutatis mutandis to the substitution. 
(2) References.  In the event of a substitution pursuant to § 12(1), any reference in these Terms and Conditions to the 
Issuer shall be a reference to the New Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt this shall apply only to the extent that the meaning and purpose of the relevant condition 
requires that the relevant reference shall continue to be a reference only to VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener 
Versicherung Gruppe (i.e. in particular in relation to the solvency applicable to VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener 
Versicherung Gruppe and the group solvency of the Issuer's Group, the Insolvency Event, [the Accounting Event,] the 
Rating Event and § 5(2)), or that the reference shall be to the New Issuer and VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener 
Versicherung Gruppe, in relation to its obligations under the guarantee pursuant to § 12(1)(d), at the same time (Gross-Up 
Event, Tax Event, Regulatory Event, [Accounting Event,] Rating Event and Taxation). 
In the event of a substitution any reference to the Republic of Austria in § 13 shall be a reference to the New Issuer's 
country of domicile for tax purposes. 
(3) Notice and Effectiveness of Substitution.  Notice of any substitution of the Issuer shall be given by notice in accordance 
with § 10. Upon such publication, the substitution shall become effective, and the Issuer and in the event of a repeated 
application of this § 12, any previous New Issuer shall be discharged from any and all obligations under the Notes. In the 
case of such substitution, the stock exchange(s), if any, on which the Notes are then listed at the initiative of the Issuer will 
be notified. 
(4) Reversal.  Following a substitution pursuant to this § 12 any New Issuer may, with the consent of VIENNA INSURANCE 
GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe, after giving notice in accordance with § 10 and without the consent of the 
Holders, reverse the substitution. 
§ 13 
APPLICABLE LAW, 
PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
(1) Applicable Law.  The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Austrian law except for its conflict of law rules as far as such rules 
would lead to the application of foreign law.

--- Page 74 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
74 | 129 
 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction.  The competent Austrian courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may 
arise out of or in connection with any Notes (including any legal action or proceedings relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes). 
(3) Enforcement.  Any Holder of Notes may in any proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Holder and the Issuer 
are parties, protect and enforce in its own name its rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued 
by the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name 
and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of the Notes credited to such securities account 
on the date of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System con-
taining the information pursuant to (a) and (b), and (ii) [if the Notes are represented by a non-digital Global Note, insert: 
a copy of the Global Note certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing System or a depositary 
of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such proceedings of the actual records or the Global Note 
representing the Notes] [if the Notes are represented by a digital Global Note, insert: an excerpt from the electronic 
data record in relation to the Global Note representing the relevant Notes certified by a duly authorised officer of the central 
securities depository, the Clearing System or a depositary of the Clearing System]. Each Holder may, without prejudice to 
the foregoing, protect and enforce its rights under the Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the 
proceedings.

--- Page 75 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
75 | 129 
 
 
IV. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of Notes under the Programme will be used for general funding purposes of VIG Group.

--- Page 76 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
76 | 129 
 
 
V. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the Re-
stricted Tier 1 Notes Issuance Programme] 
[insert date] 
Final Terms 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Dis-
tribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Conse-
quently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES ONLY 
TARGET MARKET 
Solely for the purposes of [the] [each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distribu-
tor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES ONLY 
TARGET MARKET 
Solely for the purposes of [the] [each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii)

--- Page 77 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
77 | 129 
 
all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [specify nega-
tive target market, if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]12 
 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe 
[insert title of relevant Tranche of Notes] (the "Notes") 
issued pursuant to the 
Restricted Tier 1 Notes Issuance Programme 
of 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe 
[Initial] Issue Price: [     ] per cent. [plus the issue charge mentioned in Part B.] 
 
Issue Date: [     ]13 
Series No.: [     ] 
Tranche No.: [     ] 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended and 
must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated [●] May 2022[, and its supplement[s]]) (the "Base Prospec-
tus") pertaining to the Restricted Tier 1 Notes Issuance Programme (the "Programme"). The Base Prospectus and any 
supplements thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the Issuer's website ("www.vig.com"). Full information 
on the Issuer and the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of the Base Prospectus, any supplements 
thereto and these Final Terms. 
PART A. – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The Conditions applicable to the Notes are set out below:  
[The provisions (including relevant options set out therein) shall be replicated and relevant placeholders shall be 
completed.] 
 
 
12 
Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible Coun-
terparties only". The legend may not be necessary for a programme with a non-UK MiFIR issuer if the Dealers in relation to the 
Notes are also not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the 
manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance 
legend or both are included. 
13 
The Issue Date is the date of issue and payment of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery date.

--- Page 78 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
78 | 129 
 
PART B. – OTHER INFORMATION 
ESSENTIAL INFORMATION 
 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue or the Offering 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] 
☐ 
Other Interests, including conflicts of interest 
[specify details] 
Use of Proceeds 
[The net proceeds from this issuance of 
Notes will be used for general funding pur-
poses of VIG Group.] [specify details] 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds 
[     ] 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SECURITIES TO BE OFFERED OR ADMITTED TO TRADING 
Security Codes 
 
☐ 
ISIN  
[     ] 
☐ 
Common Code 
[     ] 
☐ 
Any Other Security Code 
[     ] 
Issue Yield 
[     ] per cent. per annum until the First Re-
set Date (in case there is no early redemp-
tion). 
Issue charge 
[Not applicable] [[     ] per cent.] 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by virtue of which the Notes will be created 
and/or issued 
[specify details] 
[Offeror of the Notes and/or the person asking for admission to trading14 
[Insert the identity and contact details 
of the offeror of the Notes and/or the 
person asking for admission to trading, 
including the legal entity identifier (LEI) 
where the offeror has legal personality]] 
PLACING AND UNDERWRITING 
 
Method of Distribution 
 
☐ 
Non-Syndicated 
 
☐ 
Syndicated 
 
Details with regard to the Manager[s] (including the type of commitment) 
 
☐ 
Manager[s] 
[specify name(s) and address(es) of 
Manager(s)] 
☐ 
Firm Commitment 
 
 
 
14 
Insert only if the offeror of the Notes and/or the person asking for admission to trading is different from the Issuer.

--- Page 79 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
79 | 129 
 
☐ 
Without Firm Commitment 
 
☐ 
Stabilising Manager 
[specify details] [Not applicable] 
LISTING[S], ADMISSION[S] TO TRADING AND DEALING ARRANGEMENTS 
Listing[s] 
[Yes] [No] 
☐ 
Vienna - Official Market 
 
☐ 
Other 
[     ] 
[Expected] Date of Admission 
[     ] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to the admission to trading 
[     ] 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Rating[s] 
 
[As at the date of these Final Terms the Notes [have not been rated. The Issuer reserves 
the right to apply for a rating in future.] [have been rated as follows:]] [It is expected that 
the Notes will be rated as follows:]15 
 
[Insert details on whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Union and is registered (pursuant to 
the current list of registered and certified credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (www.esma.europa.eu)) pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended or has applied for regis-
tration.] 
Selling Restrictions 
 
Additional Selling Restrictions 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
[Third Party Information 
 
[specify relevant information] has been extracted from [specify relevant source of information]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, as far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[specify relevant source of information], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
By: 
By: 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
 
  
 
 
 
15 
If the Notes have been rated independently of the Programme insert such ratings.

--- Page 80 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
80 | 129 
 
VI. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND VIG GROUP 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe is registered as a joint-stock corporation (Aktiengesell-
schaft) in the Austrian Company Register (Firmenbuch) at the Vienna commercial court (Handelsgericht Wien) under com-
pany registration number FN 75687 f. The Issuer was incorporated on 9 December 1991 and is established for an indefinite 
period of time. It operates under Austrian law. Its commercial name is "Vienna Insurance Group" or "VIG Holding".  
The registered office of VIG is Schottenring 30, A-1010 Vienna, Austria. Its telephone number is +43 50 390-22000 and its 
website is www.vig.com. The information on the Issuer's website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (please see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" 
above).  
The Issuer's legal entity identifier (LEI) code is 549300JCRU23I1THU176.  
2. 
BACKGROUND AND HISTORY 
The roots of VIG Group go back to the year 1824, when "Wechselseitige k.u.k. priv. Brandschadenversicherungsanstalt" 
(mutual imperial and royal private fire insurance institute) the oldest of the insurance companies from which today's Wiener 
Städtische Versicherung AG Vienna Insurance Group ("Wiener Städtische") and subsequently VIG and VIG Group 
emerged was founded. 
About a year after the fall of the Iron Curtain, VIG Group became one of the first insurance companies in Western Europe 
to enter the insurance markets of CEE. On 30 October 1990, the former Wiener Städtische decided to acquire an interest 
in the newly formed cooperative insurance company "Kooperative-Tschechoslowakische Versicherungs AG". With this act, 
the expansion into the countries of the former Eastern Bloc had begun. Up to that point, VIG Group had done its business 
almost exclusively within Austria. Over the years that followed, however, it proceeded to expand its business operations 
beyond Austrian borders. 
Since 1996, Wiener Städtische has gradually continued its expansion direction into CEE. Between 1996 and 1999, VIG 
Group entered the Hungarian, Polish, and Croatian insurance markets, opened a branch office in Italy and a company in 
Liechtenstein. In the course of the following seven years, market entries followed in Romania, Belarus, Bulgaria, Serbia, 
Slovenia, Ukraine and Georgia.  
Starting in early 2006, the umbrella brand "Vienna Insurance Group" was introduced. This umbrella brand is intended to 
demonstrate the cohesion of the insurance companies in VIG Group, which will continue to operate under the names and 
brands they have established in their local markets as part of VIG Group's multi-brand strategy. 
In 2007, VIG Group further expanded its geographic presence in CEE by conducting major acquisitions. After entering the 
insurance markets in Albania, North Macedonia and Turkey, VIG Group has also become active in the three EU countries 
Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. 
In 2010, as part of a restructuring, the operating business Wiener Städtische in Austria was separated out from the inter-
national holding company activities in VIG. The change has enabled the Issuer to focus on the task of managing VIG 
Group, as well as on the reinsurance and international corporate business. The transparent structures and processes 
created within VIG Group have allowed management to become more efficient. 
By entering the markets of Montenegro in 2010, Bosnia and Herzegovina in 2011 and Moldova in 2014, VIG Group gained 
access to the last blank areas of the map of CEE. In 2019 VIG Group expanded its activity in Northern Europe via branch 
offices in Sweden, Norway and Denmark. 
With this growth by acquisition and organic growth of the last decades, VIG Group has increased its premium volume more 
than tenfold to over EUR 10 billion since the start of the expansion and is active in 30 markets with around 50 companies

--- Page 81 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
81 | 129 
 
and about 25,000 employees. 
 
3. 
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 
The Issuer's business objectives as stated in section 2 of its articles of association (dated 21 May 2021) include: 
The object of the Issuer's business shall be the strategic management and execution of the central group functions includ-
ing infrastructure. In addition, the Issuer carries on the casualty insurance business and property insurance business (prop-
erty damage insurance and pecuniary loss insurance) as well as the reinsurance business in those branches for which the 
Issuer has the approval of the insurance supervision authority (Versicherungsaufsichtsbehörde).  
Insofar as they are directly related to the operation of the contract insurance, the following measures are also the subject 
of the Issuer: 
(a) 
participation in other companies;  
(b) 
insurance brokerage;  
(c) 
the activity of an advisor in insurance matters;  
(d) 
arranging mortgage loans and personal loans as well as arranging the purchase and sale of securities, insofar as 
these activities are related to insurance operations; 
(e) 
the brokerage of building loan contracts; 
(f) 
the provision of services in automatic data processing and information technology; 
(g) 
the establishment and management of organizational facilities for companies in which the Issuer is involved or with 
which a cooperation agreement has been concluded; 
(h) 
the performance of administrative tasks for companies in which the Issuer is involved or with which a cooperation 
agreement has been concluded; 
(i) 
the operation of private hospitals in the form of a company outpatient clinic for the medical care of the Issuer's 
employees. 
The operation of the Issuer extends to Austria and abroad.  
 
4. 
FINANCIAL YEAR AND AUDIT 
The Issuer's financial year corresponds to the calendar year and commences on 1 January and ends on 31 December. 
The Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2021 were audited by KPMG Austria GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungs und Steuerberatungsgesellschaft at Porzellangasse 51, 
1090 Vienna. The German language audit opinions for the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 do not contain any qualifications and were rendered on 17 March 2021 
and 16 March 2022, respectively. The auditors and their responsible employees are members of the Austrian Chamber of 
Tax Advisors and Chartered Accountants (Kammer der Steuerberater und Wirtschaftsprüfer).

--- Page 82 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
82 | 129 
 
5. 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND CERTAIN ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE 
MEASURES 
The Alternative Performance Measures presented below provide investors, securities analysts and other interested parties 
with additional information to assess the operating performance and financial standing of VIG Group's business activities. 
These key figures and financial ratios are not defined under IFRS and should therefore not be considered as an alternative 
to the applicable IFRS financial measures which are incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by reference" above). Alternative Performance Measures have limitations and should not be considered in 
isolation, or as substitutes for financial information as reported under IFRS. Accordingly, investors should not place undue 
reliance on any Alternative Performance Measure presented herein (see also "Alternative Performance Measures" above).  
 
Premiums 
 
31 December 
2020  
(audited)16 
31 December 
2021  
(audited) 
31 March 
2021 
(unaudited) 
31 March 
2022 
(unaudited) 
Gross written premium (GWP)* 
EUR mn 
10,428.5 
11,002.6 
3,106.8 
3,454.7 
Results 
 
 
 
 
 
Result before taxes 
EUR mn 
345.9 
511.3 
128.0 
123.8 
Net result of the period after taxes 
and non-controlling interest 
EUR mn 
231.5 
375.7 
99.0 
91.3 
Operating Return on Equity (Operat-
ing RoE)** 
% 
7.9 
10.9 
11.6 
9.6 
Combined Ratio 
 
 
 
 
 
Claims ratio 
% 
62.8 
61.5 
62.4 
62.2 
Cost ratio 
% 
32.2 
32.7 
32.8 
32.4 
Combined ratio (COR)*** 
% 
95.0 
94.2 
95.2 
94.6 
_____________________________ 
Source: Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2021, 3M 2022 Results Presentation and 3M 2021 Results Presentation 
* Gross written premium (GWP). The gross written premium (GWP) consists of all premium income from all lines 
of business in all business segments before deductions for reinsurance and ceding commissions, including addi-
tional and/or return premiums. Premium income includes the sum of premium which is invoiced to all insurance 
clients in order to fulfil the insurance contract and to provide insurance coverage for a calendar year. This does 
not imply that the premium is already collected, but it refers to the gross policy premium to be collected as of the 
issue date of the policy, regardless of the actual payment. Therefore, premiums written represent all premium 
revenues in the respective year. 
** Operating Return on equity (operating RoE). Operating RoE measures the profitability of VIG Group by ex-
pressing the business operating result as a ratio of the capital employed. This ratio is calculated by dividing the 
result before taxes by the average shareholders' equity. Shareholders’ equity adjusted for a provision for unreal-
ized gains and losses is used for this purpose. For the financial year 2021, the calculation is the following: 
 
 
16 Where financial data are labeled "audited", this means that they were taken from the German language Audited Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer which have been audited taken as a whole.

--- Page 83 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
83 | 129 
 
Result before taxes (in EUR mn) 
 
 
511.3 
 
 
Average shareholders' equity (in EUR mn) 
thereof revaluation reserve: 
equity net of revaluation reserve: 
as of 31 December 2020: 5,285.8
906.6
4,379.1
 
as of 31 December 2021: 5,597.9 
568.1 
5,029.8 
Average of equity net of revaluation reserve (in EUR mn): 
 
4,704.5 
 
 
Operating RoE:  
 
 
 
 
 
10.9% 
_____________________________ 
Source: Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2021 
*** Combined Ratio (COR). The combined ratio is calculated as the sum of all underwriting income and expenses, 
and net payments for claims and insurance benefits, including the net change in underwriting provisions, and 
acquisition and administrative expenses, divided by the net earned premium in the property and casualty balance 
sheet unit. For the financial year 2021 the calculation is the following: 
Net claims expenses: 
(in EUR mn) 
Net Claims paid: 
Change in net claims reserve: 
Change in other technical reserves (net): 
Expenditure for premium refunds (net): 
Sum of all above: net claims expenses: 
3,137.7 
301.0 
8.7 
28.0 
3,475.4 
Net technical expenses: 
(in EUR mn) 
Acquisition costs (incl. commissions): 
Administration costs: 
Re-insurance commission: 
Other technical costs: 
Other technical income: 
Sum of all above: net technical expenses: 
1,601.2 
319.5 
-163.3 
153.2 
-63.5 
1,847.1 
Net earned premium: 
(in EUR mn) 
Gross written premium: 
re-insurance premium ceded: 
change in unearned premium reserve gross: 
change in unearned premium reserve re-insurance share: 
sum of all above: net earned premium: 
6,883.5 
-1,067.1 
-170.2 
6.8 
5,653.0 
Net claims ratio: 
(in %) 
Net claims expenses divided by net earned premium: 
61.5% 
Net cost ratio: 
(in %) 
Net technical expenses divided by net earned premium: 
32.7% 
Combined ratio: 
(in %) 
Sum of net loss and net cost ratio: 
94.2% 
_____________________________ 
Source: VIG-internal calculation on the basis of the Financial Statements

--- Page 84 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
84 | 129 
 
 
6. 
SOLVENCY II AND OWN FUNDS  
(a) 
Regulatory Framework 
General 
Solvency II is the EU-wide regime for the prudential regulation of insurance and reinsurance undertakings. Originally 
adopted by the European Parliament and Council in 2009, Solvency II became effective on 1 January 2016. Solvency II is 
a framework directive; most of the details of the rules are set out in the Solvency II Regulations. EIOPA has issued super-
visory standards, recommendations, opinions and guidelines intended to enhance convergent and effective application of 
Solvency II and to facilitate cooperation between national supervisors. EIOPA guidance is not binding on supervisory 
authorities, although there is a "comply or explain" requirement in relation to the guidance. 
One of the key aims of Solvency II is to introduce a harmonised prudential framework for insurers promoting transparency, 
comparability and competitiveness amongst European insurers.  
Solvency II has three pillars that have impacted how the Issuer manages risk and how it reports to regulators, policyholders 
and shareholders:  
• 
Pillar 1 relates to the quantitative requirements and introduces a risk-based methodology to calculating the Issu-
er's SCR, MCR and corresponding coverage ratios. Insurers are required to calculate the level of capital required 
based on their risk profile;  
• 
Pillar 2 incorporates qualitative governance requirements, including the way the risk management function oper-
ates within the business and how key systems and controls are documented and reviewed; and  
• 
Pillar 3 relates to enhanced and standardised disclosure requirements, including the annual publication of a Sol-
vency and Financial Condition Report (SFCR). Parts of VIG Group's Solvency and Financial Condition Report 
2021 are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
These three pillars should not only be considered in isolation, but also in terms of how they interact with one another. More 
complex risks, for instance, require a stronger risk management and governance structure and may lead to higher capital 
requirements. In addition to these requirements, which apply to individual EEA insurers and reinsurers, the Solvency II 
framework is complemented by requirements that apply at group level (group supervision). This means that a number of 
requirements from the Solvency II framework that apply to the individual EEA insurance and reinsurance undertakings 
shall be applied accordingly, with necessary modifications, at group level. 
Solvency II classifies different forms of capital into three "tiers" which distinguish between forms of capital based on its 
ability to absorb losses. Tier 1 capital, such as common equity and retained earnings, is the highest quality of capital and 
must be able to absorb losses on a day-to-day, 'going-concern' basis. Tier 1 capital may be restricted (i.e., subject to 
certain restrictions in terms of capital benefit) or unrestricted. Tier 2 capital is of a lower quality and is available to absorb 
losses on insolvency. Tier 3 capital is the lowest quality of capital permitted and has only limited loss-absorbing capacity. 
On 22 September 2021, the European Commission adopted the Draft IRRD (as defined above). It is the aim of the Draft 
IRRD to allow authorities to protect policyholders, beneficiaries and claimants, maintain financial stability, ensure the con-
tinuity of the (re)insurer's critical functions and protect public funds by minimizing reliance on extraordinary public financial 
support. According to the Draft IRRD, authorities will be provided with comprehensive and effective intervention powers of 
national resolution authorities to prepare for and deal with (near) failures of (re)insurers at national level and cooperation 
arrangements to tackle cross-border (re)insurance failures.  
Pillar 1 Requirements  
Solvency II requires EEA insurance and reinsurance companies to determine technical provisions at a value that

--- Page 85 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
85 | 129 
 
corresponds with the present exit value of their insurance and reinsurance obligations towards policyholders and other 
beneficiaries of insurance and reinsurance contracts. The calculation of technical provisions should be based on market 
consistent information to the extent to which that information is available.  
The value of the technical provisions is equal to the sum of a best estimate of the value of the insurance liabilities and a 
risk margin which is reflective of the cost of capital a third-party buyer would expect to earn if it wanted to acquire the 
insurance portfolio upon an exit by VIG. The discount rate at which technical provisions are calculated is an important 
element in order to determine the technical provisions. This and other parameters to determine the technical provisions 
may have an important effect on the amount and volatility of the own funds that insurance and reinsurance undertakings 
are required to maintain. The Solvency II framework contains several measures (in particular the volatility adjustment and 
matching adjustment) that should reduce the volatility of the own funds that is due solely to credit spread movements.  
Insurers and reinsurers are required to hold a sufficient amount of "eligible own funds" to cover losses in an adverse 
scenario. The amount of eligible own funds that insurance and reinsurance companies and groups are required to hold is 
the Solvency Capital Requirement ("SCR") which is calibrated to a confidence level of 99.5% and a "holding period" of one 
year (reflecting the ability of insurance or reinsurance companies to withstand a 1-in-200-year event), on a group level 
("Group SCR") and a solo level of insurance and reinsurance companies ("Solo SCR"). Insurance and reinsurance com-
panies are allowed to use a: (i) standard formula to calculate their SCR (the rules for which are set out in detail in the 
Solvency II rules and guidelines); or (ii) a partial or full internal model (for which the approval of the supervisory authorities 
is required). 
In addition to the SCR, insurance and reinsurance companies and groups should also calculate a Minimum Capital Re-
quirement ("MCR"), on a group level (Group MCR) and a solo level of insurance and reinsurance companies ("Solo MCR"). 
The MCR represents a lower level of financial security than the SCR, below which the level of eligible own funds held by 
the insurance or reinsurance company is not allowed to drop. An irreparable or prolonged breach of the MCR would lead 
to a withdrawal of an insurance or reinsurance company's license. Insurance and reinsurance companies are required to 
hold eligible own funds against the SCR and the MCR.  
For purposes of the VIG Group, the Group SCR is calculated by using a partial internal model (PIM) and substantially 
consists of capital requirements resulting from consolidated entities. Entities regulated otherwise (including pension funds 
and asset managers) are taken into account with their capital requirements according to the relevant sectoral rules. Imma-
terial non-EEA (re)insurance entities are considered via book value deduction (Art. 229 Directive 2009/138/EC) and neither 
contribute to the Group SCR nor to group own funds.  
The Group MCR represents the minimum consolidated group solvency capital requirement applicable to VIG Group, which 
is calculated as the sum of the Solo MCR of all insurance and reinsurance entities taken into account in the consolidated 
group SCR. VIG Group entities that are institutions regulated otherwise (including pension funds and asset managers) are 
outside the scope of the ratio of (i) the amount of own funds (Eigenmittel) of VIG Group eligible to cover the Group MCR 
to (ii) the Group MCR (the "Group MCR Ratio") (no contribution to the Group MCR, no contribution to own-fund items 
eligible to cover the Group MCR).  
Application of transitional measures on technical provisions in the calculation of Solvency and Minimum Capital Require-
ment Ratios  
Solvency II contemplates transitional measures to allow EEA entities to gradually move to a full implementation of Sol-
vency II over a certain period of time. However, in connection with its ongoing 2020 review of the Solvency II Directive, the 
European Commission suggests in the Solvency II Amendment Proposal that for insurance groups in which the insurance 
group or an insurance undertaking applies transitional measures on technical provisions a quantification of the impact on 
its financial position of assuming that the own funds stemming from the application of those transitional measures cannot 
effectively be made available to cover the solvency capital requirement of the group has to be disclosed. Further, the 
proposal suggests that where an insurance or reinsurance group materially relies on the use of the transitional measures 
in such a manner that it misrepresents the actual solvency position of the group the group supervisor shall have the power

--- Page 86 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
86 | 129 
 
to take appropriate measures, including the possibility to reduce the amount of own funds stemming from the use of those 
transitional measures that may be deemed eligible to cover the group solvency capital requirement. 
The application of transitional measures on technical provisions reduces the Solvency II market value balance sheet 
("MVBS") value of technical provisions. The reduction is, in principle, calculated based on the difference between the value 
of technical provisions under the prior regulatory regime (known as "Solvency I") and their value under the current Sol-
vency II regime, as per 1 January 2016, and decreases to zero until 2032 under the current legislation. 
As of 31 December 2021, five solo companies of VIG apply the transitional measure on technical provisions for certain life 
portfolios. Among these companies are the two Austrian VIG companies Wiener Städtische and Donau Versicherung, two 
Slovakian VIG companies Kooperativa and Komunalna, and VIG's Estonian company Compensa Life. As of the date of 
this prospectus all companies applying the transitional measure on technical provisions are solvent both with and without 
these measures. On group level the combined effects of these transitionals are pointed out in the table in the following 
section. 
(b) 
Key financial figures and Solvency II position17 
Solvency Capital Requirement Ratios and Minimum Capital Requirement Ratios 
The following table illustrates the solvency capitalization requirement ratios and the minimum capital requirement ratios of 
VIG and VIG Group, as applicable, as of 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 (as within VIG Group transitional 
measures are only applied for the ratio of (i) the amount of own funds (Eigenmittel) of VIG Group eligible to cover the Group 
SCR to (ii) the Group SCR (the "Group SCR Ratio") and the Group MCR Ratio, these are not indicated for the solo ratios): 
 
31 December 2020 
 
31 December 2021 
 
Solo SCR Ratio (1) 
397% 
415% 
Group SCR Ratio (2) 
including transitionals 
excluding transitionals 
 
238% 
195% 
 
250% 
215% 
Solo MCR Ratio (3) 
1409% 
1489% 
Group MCR Ratio (2) 
including transitionals 
excluding transitionals 
 
378% 
366% 
 
433% 
422% 
_____________________________________ 
Sources: Solvency and Financial Condition Report 2021 of VIG Group; 3M 2022 Results Presentation 
(1) The "Solo SCR Ratio" is calculated by dividing (i) the amount of own-fund items of the Issuer (i.e., on an indi-
vidual, not on a consolidated, basis) eligible to cover the Solo SCR by (ii) the Solo SCR. The Solo SCR represents 
the solvency capital requirement applicable to the Issuer (i.e., on an individual, not on a consolidated, basis). For 
the purpose of determining the Solo SCR Ratio applicable to the Notes, the Solo SCR Ratio does not include 
transitional measures under the Applicable Supervisory Requirements. "Applicable Supervisory Requirements" 
means the provisions of insurance regulation law as applicable at the relevant point in time to the solo solvency of 
VIG and the group solvency of the VIG Group (for the avoidance of doubt, including any transitional rules), and any 
related provisions and regulations, resolutions or other decisions of the Competent Supervisory Authority and other 
requirements (including the regulatory practice of the Competent Supervisory Authority and relevant case law) af-
fecting the Issuer and/or the Group. 
 
 
17 All figures in this section are unaudited.

--- Page 87 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
87 | 129 
 
 
(2) The Group SCR Ratio (as defined above) is calculated by dividing (i) the amount of own-fund items of VIG Group 
eligible to cover the Group SCR by (ii) the Group SCR (e.g., for 2020 the own fund items of EUR 7,632 million were 
divided by the Group SCR of EUR 3,913 million, each such figures excluding transitional measures, which results 
in Group SCR Ratio excluding transitionals of 195%). For the purposes of determining the Group SCR Ratio appli-
cable to the Notes, the Group SCR Ratio will include transitional measures under the Applicable Supervisory Re-
quirements. 
 
(3) The "Solo MCR Ratio" is calculated by dividing (i) the amount of own-fund items of the Issuer (i.e., on an indi-
vidual, not on a consolidated, basis) eligible to cover the Solo MCR by (ii) the Solo MCR. The Solo MCR represents 
the minimum capital requirement applicable to the Issuer (i.e., on an individual, not on a consolidated, basis). For 
the purpose of determining the Solo MCR Ratio applicable to the Notes, the Solo MCR Ratio does not include 
transitional measures under the Applicable Supervisory Requirements. 
 
(4) The Group MCR Ratio is calculated by dividing (i) the amount of own-fund items of VIG Group eligible to cover 
the Group MCR by (ii) the Group MCR. For the purpose of determining the Group MCR Ratio applicable to the 
Notes, the Group MCR Ratio will include transitional measures under the Applicable Supervisory Requirements. 
 
The following table provides an overview of material risks of VIG Group according to the partial internal model (PIM), which 
is also used in risk measurement for the regulatory solvency capital requirement calculation as of 31 December 2021: 
Risks based on the PIM (in EUR '000) 
31 December 2019 
31 December 2020 
 
31 December 2021 
Market risk 
3,293,790 
3,132,633 
 
3,556,369 
Counterparty default risk 
352,891 
330,139 
 
382,022 
Life underwriting risk 
1,497,497 
1,409,618 
 
1,547,993 
Health underwriting risk 
563,831 
604,816 
 
607,386 
Non-life underwriting risk 
748,703 
707,327 
 
794,791 
Intangible asset risk 
0 
0 
 
0 
Operational risk 
325,087 
322,141 
 
340,920 
_____________________________ 
Source: Solvency and Financial Condition Report 2021; Solvency and Financial Condition Report 2020 of VIG Group 
 
Sensitivities 
Furthermore, VIG Group performs annual stress and sensitivity calculations to determine the impact of certain unfavourable 
events in the economic environment on solvency capital requirements according to Solvency II, own funds, and on the 
SCR Ratio. The below table illustrates changes to the SCR Ratio as of 31 December 2021 as a result of shocks defined 
for the individual sensitivity calculations:

--- Page 88 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
88 | 129 
 
Market Sensitivities as of 31 December 2021 
 
Absolute change in SCR Ratio (pps) 
Interest rate 
Standard equity 
 
Spreads 
50 basis points shift of the liquid part of the risk-free curve and convergence to the Ultimate Forward Rate (UFR) 
Decrease of all equity positions except strategic participations by 25% (including equities in investment funds) and adaption of 
the symmetric adjustment factor 
Increase of 50 basis points of implied spreads of all corporate/government bonds (including corporate/government bonds in 
investment funds) 
_____________________________ 
Source: Solvency and Financial Condition Report 2021 of VIG Group 
 
Composition of Own Funds 
Own funds capital is derived from the MVBS in line with the provisions of Solvency II, and is divided into three tiers in 
accordance with the quality of the own funds. Tier 1 capital, such as common equity and retained earnings (which are 
represented as one of the components of the so-called "reconciliation reserve" in the MVBS), is the highest quality of 
capital and must be able to absorb losses on a day-to-day, 'going-concern' basis. Tier 1 capital may be restricted (i.e., 
subject to a regulatory maximum limit) or unrestricted (i.e., not subject to a regulatory maximum limit). Tier 2 capital is of a 
lower quality and is available to absorb losses on insolvency. Tier 3 capital is the lowest quality of capital permitted and 
has only limited loss-absorbing capacity.  
The VIG Group's and VIG's tiers of own funds comprise:  
• 
Unrestricted Tier 1 capital, which consists primarily of share capital and the share premium account, surplus funds 
as well as the reconciliation reserve, minus related deductions. The reconciliation reserve represents the excess 
of assets over liabilities derived from the MVBS, reduced by mainly share capital, share premium account, surplus 
funds, net deferred tax assets, and deductions for own shares as well as foreseeable dividends and distributions. 
 
• 
Restricted Tier 1 capital which corresponds to perpetual subordinated liabilities issued by VIG Group that meet 
certain requirements or that benefit from grandfathered treatment under Solvency II. VIG expects the Notes to 
qualify as RT1 capital eligible to cover the regulatory capital requirements applicable to VIG and VIG Group. 
 
• 
Tier 2 capital which corresponds to subordinated liabilities of VIG Group that meet certain requirements but do 
not qualify as RT1.  
12.5%
-13.8%
12.8%
-8.1%
-6.7%
-20%
-15%
-10%
-5%
0%
5%
10%
15%
Interest rate curves
+50bps
Interest rate curves
-50bps
Standard equity
-25%
Spread on
government bonds
+50bps
Spread on
corporate bonds
+50bps
∆ Solvency ratio

--- Page 89 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
89 | 129 
 
 
• 
Tier 3 capital which relates mainly to the available part of net deferred tax assets.  
 
For compliance with the Group SCR and Solo SCR rules, the following quantitative limits apply: (a) the eligible amount of 
Tier 1 items must be at least one half of the SCR; (b) the eligible amount of Restricted Tier 1 is limited to 20% of Tier 1 
capital; (c) the eligible amount of Tier 3 items is limited to 15% of the SCR; and (d) the sum of the eligible amounts of Tier 
2 and Tier 3 items is limited to 50% of the SCR.  
For compliance with the Group MCR and Solo MCR rules, the following quantitative limits apply: (a) the eligible amount of 
Tier 1 items must be at least 80% of the MCR; (b) the eligible amount of Restricted Tier 1 is limited to 20% of Tier 1 capital; 
and (c) the eligible amount of Tier 2 items is limited to 20% of the MCR. Tier 3 items are not eligible to cover the MCR. 
The following table shows the composition of the own funds of VIG (at solo level) and of VIG Group (at group level), as at 
31 December 2021:  
 
 
VIG 
VIG Group 
Tier 1 
EUR mn 
8,826 
8,791 
of which restricted Tier 1  
EUR mn 
302 
415 
Tier 2 
EUR mn 
1,161 
1,427 
Tier 3 
EUR mn 
0 
64 
Total own funds 
EUR mn 
9,987 
10,281 
_____________________________ 
Source: Solvency and Financial Condition Report 2021 of VIG Group; Solvency and Financial Condition Report 2021 of VIG  
 
For more information, including a breakdown of the VIG Group's own funds as of 31 December 2021 as well as VIG Group's 
capital management, see the Solvency and Financial Condition Report 2021, portions of which are incorporated by refer-
ence herein. 
Interest Payments and Distributable Items 
Pursuant to § 3(6)(a) of the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer has the right to cancel all or part of any payment of interest 
on the Notes in its sole discretion and at any time. Further, pursuant to § 3(6)(b) of the Terms and Conditions, payment of 
interest on the Notes for the relevant Interest Period (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) shall be mandatorily can-
celled in certain circumstances. Specifically, pursuant to § 3(6)(b)(iv) of the Terms and Conditions, payment of interest on 
the Notes for the relevant Interest Period shall be mandatorily cancelled: "to the extent that such payment of interest, 
together with any additional Distributions in respect of shares and Distributions on other instruments on which Distributions 
may only be made from Available Distributable Items that are scheduled to be made on the same day or that have been 
made in the then current financial year of the Issuer (up to (and including) the day on which such interest payment is 
scheduled to be made), would exceed the Available Distributable Items; provided that, for such purpose, the Available 
Distributable Items shall be increased by an amount equal to that which has been accounted for as expenses for such 
Distributions (including interest payments on the Notes) in the determination of the profit on which the Available Distribut-
able Items are based."  
For the purpose of the Notes, "Distribution" means any kind of payment of dividends or interest.  
The available distributable items referred to in § 3(6)(b)(iv) of the Terms and Conditions reflect the definition of available 
distributable items in the Applicable Supervisory Requirements for that purpose. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the definition in the EIOPA Guidelines on classification of own funds (EIOPA-BoS-14/168 EN) relating to Solvency II as 
well as to Delegated Regulation 2015/35 applies.

--- Page 90 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
90 | 129 
 
Determination of available distributable items: In order to determine whether VIG would be prohibited, pursuant to 
§ 3(6)(b)(iv) of the Terms and Conditions, to make an interest payment on the Notes on any Interest Payment Date (as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions), VIG will determine its available distributable items by determining the (if existing) 
positive balance of:  
• 
the net income (Jahresüberschuss) or the net loss (Jahresfehlbetrag) as of the end of the financial year immedi-
ately preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date; 
• 
plus any unappropriated earnings carried forward and distributable reserves, taking into account any withdrawal 
from or transfer to reserves; 
• 
less any losses carried forward,  
provided that any prohibitions on distributions pursuant to the applicable laws and the articles of association of the Issuer 
are respected at all times.  
The determination of available distributable items will be made on the basis of the Issuer's audited financial statements 
prepared in accordance with the Austrian Commercial Code (Unternehmensgesetzbuch – UGB), Austrian GAAP and other 
applicable Austrian law then in effect and not on the basis of VIG Group’s consolidated financial statements. Austrian 
GAAP differs in certain respects from IFRS, in accordance with which VIG Group prepare its consolidated financial state-
ments. In particular, Austrian GAAP follows the principle of "prudence", meaning that, among other things, assets are 
valued at the lower of cost or market value. Accordingly, assets are not valued higher than their acquisition costs. In 
addition, Austrian GAAP follows the principle of "imparity", meaning that, among other things, liabilities are valued at the 
higher of their amortized cost and their market value. 
After making the determination described above, the Issuer will in a second step increase the amount of available distrib-
utable items by the amount that has already been accounted for as expenses for Distributions in respect of all Distribution 
Relevant Instruments (as defined below) in its financial statements for the financial year immediately preceding the relevant 
Interest Payment Date. 
Finally, to determine whether there is a mandatory cancellation of interest payments, in accordance with § 3(b)(b)(iv), the 
Issuer will subtract the amount of any additional Distributions in respect of shares and in respect of other instruments on 
which Distributions may only be made from available distributable items (each such other instrument, a "Distribution 
Relevant Instrument") that are scheduled to be made on the same date or that have been made by VIG in respect of 
Distribution Relevant Instruments in the then-current financial year of the Issuer (up to and including the day on which such 
payment is scheduled) from the sum resulting from the above calculation. On the basis of this calculation, VIG will deter-
mine whether the remaining amount will be sufficient to cover the scheduled interest payment on the Notes. 
The following table illustrates the amount of available distributable items of VIG, calculated on an unconsolidated basis, as 
at 31 December 2021 and 2020: 
 
 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2021 
Shareholders' equity 
EUR mn 
3,440.9 
3,790.8 
Non-distributable items 
EUR mn 
2,445.0 
2,445.7 
of which share capital 
EUR mn 
132.9 
132.9 
of which other 
EUR mn 
2,312.1 
2,312.8 
Available Distributable Items 
EUR mn 
995.9 
1,345.1 
_____________________________ 
Source: Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2021; VIG-internal calculation on the basis of the Financial Statements

--- Page 91 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
91 | 129 
 
Distance to Trigger Events under the Notes  
Under the Terms and Conditions, a Trigger Event shall occur if the Notes are not fully written down and the Issuer deter-
mines that any of the following has occurred: (a) the Solo SCR Ratio or the Group SCR Ratio is 75% or less, or(b) the Solo 
MCR Ratio or the Group MCR Ratio is 100% or less. A Special Trigger Event shall occur if the Solo SCR Ratio or the 
Group SCR Ratio is less than 100 per cent. but more than 75 per cent. and has not improved to at least 100 per cent. 
within three months after the non-compliance with the Solo SCR Ratio or the Group SCR Ratio, as applicable, was deter-
mined for the first time.  
The following table illustrates the buffer to each of these trigger events, calculated as the difference between the amount 
of own fund items and the relevant capital requirement, of VIG (at solo level) and of VIG Group (at group level, on the basis 
of its Solvency II scope of consolidation), as at 31 December 2021: 
 
 
VIG 
VIG Group 
Own Fund Items eligible to meet SCR 
EUR mn 
9,987 
10,281 
Buffer to 100% SCR 
EUR mn 
7,583 
6,161 
Buffer to 75% SCR 
EUR mn 
8,184 
7,191 
Own Fund Items eligible to meet MCR 
EUR mn 
8,946 
9,116 
Buffer to 100% MCR 
EUR mn 
8,345 
7,009 
_____________________________ 
Source: VIG-internal calculation on the basis of the Solvency and Financial Condition Report 2021 (VIG Group and solo Issuer level).

--- Page 92 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
92 | 129 
 
VII. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
1. 
MARKETS 
VIG Group, headquartered in Vienna, is an insurance group operating in CEE, where Austria is included as one of these 
20 countries. VIG group wrote EUR 11,002.6 million in premiums in 2021, according to the audited results for the financial 
year 2021 (2020: EUR 10,428.5 million). The core business of VIG Group is concentrated on insurance with a regional 
focus on CEE markets. The insurance companies of VIG Group offer a wide range of products in each of the property and 
casualty insurance, life insurance and health insurance. VIG Group relies on local entrepreneurship with a decentralized 
structure, a multi-brand policy with regionally established brands, a multi-channel distribution and conservative investment 
and reinsurance policies. 
Unless otherwise stated (including a reference to the relevant source), statistical and other data provided in the following 
sections has been extracted from the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2021 and the English language transla-
tion of the annual report thereon. To the extent the following sections include unaudited preliminary figures for the financial 
year 2022, such information has been compiled and prepared on a basis which is comparable with the historical financial 
information and consistent with the Issuer's accounting policies. 
(a) 
Concentration on the Core Business  
VIG Group has almost 200 years of experience in the insurance business and uses this experience in dealing with its 
customers in the CEE region. VIG Group and hence its insurance companies aim to be in the position of knowing people's 
country-specific security and pension needs and being able to assist them with individual insurance business, based on 
professional customer advice, a comprehensive product range and suitable supplementary services. 
(b) 
Focus and CEE Markets 
VIG Group stepped into CEE markets 30 years ago, a decision that still has major relevance for its business today. In the 
2021 financial year, around 61.8% of all group premiums written were generated in markets outside Austria. Due to the 
different economic and insurance-specific maturity of VIG Group's markets, there is valuable diversification from growing 
and mature markets. There are around 50 VIG insurance companies operating in the following segments: Austria, Czech 
Republic, Poland, Extended CEE, Special Markets and Group Functions. The segment Extended CEE (Erweiterte CEE) 
includes the countries Albania incl. Kosovo, Baltic States, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Hungary, Moldova, North 
Macedonia, Moldova, Romania, Serbia, Slovakia and Ukraine. The segment Special Markets (Spezialmärkte) consists of 
the four countries Germany, Georgia, Liechtenstein and Turkey. 
(c) 
Austria 
Wiener Städtische and Donau Versicherung are the two insurance companies of VIG Group operating in Austria. The 
Issuer itself works out of Austria as a reinsurer of the group and as an insurer in the cross-border corporate business. With 
a market share of approximately 23.4%18, the VIG insurance companies represent Austria's largest insurance group. To-
gether they hold first place in the property and casualty and life insurance, and second place in health insurance. 
The Austrian VIG insurance companies wrote EUR 4,048.4 million in premiums in 2021 (2020: EUR 4,030.7 million). This 
corresponds to a year-on-year increase of 0.4%. Net earned premiums were EUR 3,242.5 million in 2021 (2020: 
EUR 3,275.6 million).  
The result before taxes in the Austria segment rose 31.3% to EUR 234.7 million in 2021 (2020: EUR 178.7 million) due in 
 
 
18 Source: Quarterly Statistics for Q3 2021 provided by the Austrian Insurance Association (Verband der Versicherungsunternehmen 
Österreichs – VVO) to its members on a regular basis, Non-Life (sheet 2), Life (sheet "Premium") and Health (sheet 1)

--- Page 93 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
93 | 129 
 
part to COVID-19-related impairments in the previous year and a higher current result from shares in at equity consolidated 
companies. 
The combined ratio was 92.8% in 2021, almost the same level as in the previous year (2020: 92.7%). 
(d) 
Czech Republic 
Two insurance companies of VIG Group operate in the Czech Republic, namely Kooperativa and ČPP. With a market 
share of approximately 31.3%19, the Czech insurance companies of the Group form the largest insurance group in the 
Czech Republic. The two companies together held first place in the market for both life and non-life insurance. VIG 
Group's own reinsurance company, VIG Re which is headquartered in Prague and operates branch offices in Germany 
and France, is assigned to the Group Functions segment. 
VIG insurance companies in the Czech Republic segment wrote EUR 1,864.9 million in premiums in 2021 (2020: 
EUR 1,732.4 million), representing a strong increase of EUR 132.5 million or 7.7% compared to the previous year. This 
increase was due to good performance in the motor lines of business as well as in the other property and casualty and 
regular premium life insurance lines of business. Net earned premiums were EUR 1,399.8 million in 2021, representing an 
increase of 8.0% compared to the previous year (2020: EUR 1,295.5 million).  
The result before taxes in the Czech Republic segment declined 2.7% year-on-year to EUR 186.9 million in 2021, which 
mainly resulted from a decrease in the result of life business due to higher acquisition costs in connection with the increase 
in new business (2020: EUR 192.1 million).  
The combined ratio continued to decline compared to the same period in the previous year to 90.1% in 2021 (2020: 90.7%).  
(e) 
Poland 
VIG Group's insurance companies in Poland, Compensa Life/Non-Life, InterRisk, Vienna Life and Wiener TU, hold fourth 
place in the overall market with a market share of approximately 8.6%20. In the non-life sector the Group companies are 
positioned as fourth in the ranking of top insurers, and in the life sector as fifth. 
A total of EUR 1,279.8 million in Group premiums was written in the Poland segment in 2021 (2020: EUR 1,196.2 million), 
representing an increase of 7.0% mainly due to growth in the other property and casualty and single premium life insurance 
lines of business. Net earned premiums were EUR 983.0 million in 2021, 6.1% higher than in the previous year (2020: 
EUR 926.6 million).  
The result before taxes rose to EUR 69.9 million in 2021 (2020: EUR 22.6 million), due to the fact that the result for the 
previous period was decreased by provisions for expenses arising from a change in the surrender terms for the repurchase 
of certain life insurance products and a significant improvement in the combined ratio for 2021. 
The combined ratio improved to 93.2% in 2021 (2020: 96.7%). 
(f) 
Extended CEE 
The segment Extended CEE (Erweiterte CEE) includes the countries Albania incl. Kosovo, Baltic States, Bosnia-Herze-
govina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Hungary, Moldova, North Macedonia, Romania, Serbia, Slovakia and Ukraine, which generated 
27.2% of Group premiums in 2021. 
The VIG insurance companies in the Extended CEE segment wrote EUR 2,886.7 million in premiums in 2021, representing 
a year-on-year increase of EUR 246.3 million or 9.3% (2020: EUR 2,640.5 million). The increase is mainly the result of the 
 
 
19 Source: Website of the Czech Insurance Association – Statistics. Report: Insurance market development 1-9/2021, page 2 
20 Source: Website of KNF – Financial Market Authority Poland, Quarterly Bulletin – Insurance Market 3/2021. Report: Part A: Information 
on insurance companies, Sheets A.3 and A.14

--- Page 94 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
94 | 129 
 
good performance in the motor business lines in Bulgaria, Hungary, Romania, Slovakia and Ukraine. The life business 
lines in the Baltic States, Hungary and Slovakia and the other property and casualty business line in the Baltic States, 
Croatia and Hungary also showed a very positive development. Net earned premiums were EUR 2,200.7 million in 2021 
(2020: EUR 2,054.1 million), an increase of 7.1% compared to the previous year. 
The result before taxes in the Extended CEE segment rose to EUR 188.6 million in 2021 (2020: EUR 31.2 million), due to 
an improved combined ratio and the absence of the goodwill impairment in Bulgaria and Croatia of EUR 104.8 million in 
the previous year.  
The combined ratio significantly improved to 92.3% due to positive claims development and the reallocation of technical 
reserves (2020: 94.5%).  
(g) 
Special Markets 
The segment Special Markets (Spezialmärkte) includes the countries Germany, Georgia, Liechtenstein and Turkey. 
Premiums written by the VIG insurance companies in the Special Markets segment remained at the previous year’s level 
at EUR 531.7 million in 2021 (2020: EUR 531.6 million). Premiums written rose 12.6% after adjusting for exchange rate 
effects, mainly due to currency changes in Turkey. Net earned premiums were EUR 325.9 million in 2021 (2020: EUR 
343.9 million), a decrease of 5.2% compared to the previous year. 
In the Special Market segment, a result before taxes of EUR 37.9 million was recorded in 2021 (2020: EUR 25.8 million). 
This increase of 46.5% was primarily due to absence of the goodwill impairment of EUR 12.5 million performed in Georgia 
in the previous year.  
The combined ratio was 94.4% in 2021, mainly due to rising claims frequencies in Turkey (2020: 88.1%). 
(h) 
Group Functions 
The segment Group Functions includes VIG (including the branches in Northern Europe), VIG Re (including the branches 
in Germany and France), Wiener Re, the VIG Fund, corporate IT service providers and intermediate holding companies. 
Premiums written in the Group Functions segment rose by EUR 228.5 million or 13.2% in 2021 to EUR 1,965.0 million 
(2020: EUR 1,736.5 million).  
A result before taxes of EUR -210.8 million was recorded in the Group Functions segment in 2021 (2020: EUR -107.6 
million).  
 
2. 
STRATEGIC PROGRAMME 
In continuation of the development subsequent to the implementation of Agenda 2020, VIG Group's previous strategic 
program, the board of VIG has implemented a new strategic programme called "VIG 25" covering the period from 2021 to 
2025 ("VIG 25"). VIG 25 was developed in close cooperation with the management of the VIG Group's operating insurance 
companies to pursue the strategic principle of (local) entrepreneurship rather than on "central command". To further this 
approach, VIG's management board has established principles for cooperation as a basis for VIG 25 and all interaction 
between the members of VIG Group. To underline the fundamental importance of such principles, they were adopted by 
the supervisory board of VIG. 
On the backdrop of a comprehensive analyses of trends and drivers, seven strategic trends and developments were de-
veloped, forming a common view on the relevant future environment of VIG until 2025. In short, VIG foresees an evolu-
tionary rather than a revolutionary development, with cost pressure arising from (inherent) inflation and regulation (in a 
wide and not necessarily purely legal meaning with a strong focus on environment and social aspects), while real interest 
rates will remain low. Access to customers in a scenario of changing consumer behavior, attitude and age structure and of

--- Page 95 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
95 | 129 
 
emerging digital ecosystems and platforms will become ever important, with latent demand persisting as a challenge as 
much as a potential. 
VIG has defined each of the markets (where VIG Group has a presence) as either CEE, and hence, core market or special 
market and, consequently, formed a country portfolio. Based on an assessment of the market situation and development 
and the positioning of VIG, the CEE markets have been allocated to different portfolio segments, with each segment having 
an own set of specific strategic implications.  
As part of VIG 25, VIG Group has defined three targets:  
• 
to expand the leading market position in CEE by obtaining at least the top 3 position in every market of CEE (with 
the exception of Slovenia)21; 
• 
to create of sustainable value in terms of the equity deployed; and 
• 
to pursue ESG-related targets in the areas of society, customers, and employees. 
VIG Group's sustainability objectives with respect to society, customers and employees include, among others, to achieve 
that office operations are largely climate-neutral by 2030, to increase environmental and social factors in investments and 
to provide social support of communities. 
Constituting a strategic programme for a group of companies, VIG 25 comprises of strategic directions – rather than plain 
strategies – which are supported by strategic initiatives; the strategic directions build upon the trends identified and address 
the conclusions thereof along three horizons: Horizon 1 focuses on optimising the existing business model by pushing 
operational excellence. Creating additional customer value by enriching the business model is the centre piece of Horizon 
2; non-claims-related services, hybrid distribution and the use of platforms will help to address new customer segments as 
well as needs. Horizon 3 stands for the expansion of today's business model by going beyond insurance in terms of the 
value offered: extending the value chain to ancillary areas such as pension and the use of ecosystems in select areas 
(e.g., affordable living) would be examples of this strategic direction. 
The productivity initiative is an effort to support the strategic direction of Horizon 1, while the intended roll-out of BeeSafe, 
VIG's digital direct offering initiated on the Polish market, is an example of the initiatives of Horizon 2. In Horizon 3, an 
initiative to leverage our asset management capabilities as a stand-alone product has been set up. Overall, a total of eleven 
strategic initiatives have been included in VIG 25 in order to support the execution of VIG 25. 
VIG 25 has been complimented with a re-alignment of VIG's board organization by both  
• 
establishing a regional grouping of individual country responsibility in CEE, thus creating regions north, center, 
and south to better address synergies on regional level; and  
• 
sharpening the roles of so-called C-functions with a chief finance and risk officer, a chief technical officer, a 
chief operations officer and a chief innovation officer besides the chief executive officer.   
In order to emphasize the shared responsibility on board level, co-responsibilities for both countries and C-functions have 
been established.  
The process of the execution of VIG 25 is monitored continuously by VIG's management board, supported by the strategy 
function of VIG.  
 
 
 
21 VIG Group currently holds top 3 positions in several markets of the segment Extended CEE: Austria, Albania, Baltic States, Bulgaria, 
Czech Republic, North Macedonia, Romania, Slovakia, Ukraine (Source: Solvency and Financial Condition Report 2021 of VIG Group, 
page 9, based on information obtained from local authorities, data as of 1st-3rd quarter 2021 and HU 1st-4th quarter).

--- Page 96 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
96 | 129 
 
3. 
MANAGEMENT PRINCIPLES 
(a) 
Local entrepreneurship  
The insurance markets in which VIG Group operates are characterised by different structures and degrees of development. 
As a result, business models cannot be transferred without restriction from one country to another. Instead, sales and 
products must be adapted to the specific conditions of the respective market. VIG Group's decentralised organisational 
structure aims to enable local management and employees the flexibility to adapt to the respective market/to meet local 
circumstances. This shall allow products and distribution to be adjusted individually by the insurance companies, while VIG 
is responsible for steering VIG Group. 
The superordinate values and principles defined at group level must not be disregarded by the insurance companies within 
VIG Group. A special focus is placed on the areas of risk management, actuarial services, reinsurance, capital investment 
and compliance. VIG Group companies are supported in these matters by the holding divisions, which at the same time 
ensure the continuous development and communication of the overarching group guidelines. Regular cross-border meet-
ings of managers and employees are held to exchange best practice examples and promote a common corporate culture. 
(b) 
Multi-brand strategy 
More than one company or brand of VIG Group operates in most of its markets. This multi-brand strategy and local entre-
preneurship consciously pursued by VIG Group significantly differentiates it from other market participants in the region. 
Each insurance company of VIG Group uses its local brand as its first name, followed by the umbrella brand "Vienna 
Insurance Group" as its family name.  
With around 50 insurance companies in 30 countries, VIG Group can address different target groups directly and person-
ally. At the same time, multi-brand policy shall strengthen the regional identity and bind customers and employees more 
closely to the Issuer. Adding "Vienna Insurance Group" to the name aims to proclaim VIG Group's internationality and 
experience.  
(c) 
Multi-channel distribution 
VIG Group and its insurance companies rely on a diversified distribution strategy that shall provide access to many different 
customer groups while at the same time taking their individual preferences into account. A variety of different sales chan-
nels is used, including independent brokers and agents, structured sales, direct sales and digital sales, in addition to the 
own sales force. Bancassurance is also of great importance. The cooperation with Erste Group Bank AG, which is also 
represented in CEE, has existed since 2008 and was extended in 2018 until the end of 2033. These different distribution 
channels take into account the local market conditions of the countries and cover the needs of customers as much as 
possible. 
VIG Group also gives great importance to distribution when conducting acquisitions. High-performing, sustainable distri-
bution capacity is one of the main criteria when acquiring a new company. 
(d) 
Conservative investment and reinsurance policy  
Investing customer money demands great responsibility and the consideration of a number of factors such as rate of return, 
diversification and the assessment of a variety of risks. VIG Group's conservative investment policy shall ensure that 
investments are secure and profitable at the same time. The investment policy is reviewed at regular intervals by the asset 
management and the internal audit department. In addition to ensuring sufficient liquidity to guarantee insurance claims, 
the diversification of the investment portfolio and achievable returns, among other things, are of great importance.  
Further, VIG Group pursues a conservative reinsurance policy. It limits its liability from the insurance business by passing 
on a portion of the taken risks to the international reinsurance market.

--- Page 97 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
97 | 129 
 
In this process, reinsurance coverage is distributed among a large number of reinsurance companies that VIG considers 
having adequate credit ratings. With the establishment of VIG Re, VIG Group has had its own reinsurance company since 
2008. The VIG Re started operations in August 2008 and received an "A" rating with a stable outlook from the rating agency 
Standard & Poor's in the same year. Most recently, Standard & Poor's confirmed the "A+" rating for VIG in December 2021. 
 
4. 
MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES AND ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
The Issuer is the parent company of VIG Group. Although the Issuer is not a pure holding company, apart from reinsurance 
and international corporate business, its main activity is the strategic and operational management of its subsidiaries. 
Therefore, the Issuer's ability to satisfy any debt obligations depends on receipt of sufficient funds from its subsidiaries. 
The extent of such cash flows to the Issuer will depend on the business, financial condition and results of operations of its 
subsidiaries. In addition, remittances of funds may be restricted by applicable law and by the terms of any indebtedness 
that may be incurred by the Issuer's subsidiaries. As unsecured subordinated creditors of the Issuer, the Holders' claims 
are also structurally subordinated to creditors of the Issuer's subsidiaries who enjoy privileged access to assets of such 
subsidiaries, because in case of a subsidiary's insolvency, the Issuer will only receive liquidation proceeds following satis-
faction of all secured and unsecured creditors of the relevant subsidiary (see "II. Risk Factors—2. Risks relating to the 
business of VIG Group—As a holding company, the Issuer is to a large extent dependent over the medium to long-term 
on its operating subsidiaries to cover operating expenses and dividend payments").  
The following table provides an overview of the Issuer's operating subsidiaries as of the date of this Base Prospectus:  
 
Company 
Direct inte-
rest in capi-
tal (%) 
Equity capi-
tal (EUR'000) 
Result of the 
year 
(EUR'000) 
Last annual fi-
nancial state-
ments  
Affiliated companies 
  
  
  
  
Aegon Turkey Holding BV, Amsterdam 
100 
32,288 
9,584 
2021 
ASIGURAREA ROMANEASCA - ASIROM VIENNA INSURANCE 
GROUP S.A., Bucharest 
88.77 
79,960 
-3,705 
2021 
ATBIH GmbH, Vienna 
68.97 
173,509 
11,021 
2021 
BCR Asigurari de Viata Vienna Insurance Group S.A., Bucharest 
93.98 
48,074 
6,240 
2021 
BTA Baltic Insurance Company AAS, Riga 
100 
64,005 
8,561 
2021 
Beesafe Spolka z Ogranziczona Odpowiedzialnoscia, Warsaw 
77.03 
9,596 
-9,607 
2020 
Compania de Asigurari "DONARIS VIENNA INSURANCE 
GROUP" Societate pe Actiuni, Chisinau 
99.99 
5,639 
531 
2021 
Ceská podnikatelská pojist'ovna, a.s., Vienna Insurance Group, 
Prague 
100 
114,722 
30,282 
2021 
Compensa Life Vienna Insurance Group SE, Tallinn 
100 
45,469 
6,630 
2021 
Compensa Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen Na Zycie Spolka Akcyjna 
Vienna Insurance Group, Warsaw 
84.14 
59.036 
4,395 
2021 
Compensa Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen Spolka Akcyjna Vienna In-
surance Group, Warsaw 
70.67 
96,104 
19,602 
2021 
Compensa Vienna Insurance Group, akcine draudimo bendrove, 
Vilnius 
100 
86,338 
7,832 
2021 
DONAU Versicherung AG Vienna Insurance Group, Vienna 
74.24 
108,482 
4,442 
2021 
ELVP Beteiligungen GmbH, Vienna 
100 
23,324 
2 
2021 
Foreign limited liability company "InterInvestUchastie", Minsk 
99.95 
238 
12 
2020 
GLOBAL ASSISTANCE SERVICES SRL, Bucharest 
40 
225 
29 
2020 
GLOBAL ASSISTANCE SERVICES s.r.o., Prague 
100 
322 
77 
2020 
GLOBAL ASSISTANCE SLOVAKIA s.r.o., Bratislava 
40 
54 
12 
2020 
GLOBAL ASSISTANCE, a.s., Prague 
60 
6,134 
2,416 
2021 
Global Assistance Polska Spolka z ograniczona odpowiedzi-
alnoscia, Warsaw 
30.77 
110 
-91 
2020 
Global Services Bulgaria JSC, Sofia 
50 
352 
25 
2020 
INSURANCE ONE-SHAREHOLDER JOINT-STOCK COMPANY 
BULSTRAD VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP EAD, Sofia 
100 
76,845 
22,815 
2021 
INTERSIG VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP Sh.A., Tirana 
89.98 
6,648 
764 
2021

--- Page 98 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
98 | 129 
 
Insurance Company Vienna osiguranje d.d., Vienna Insurance 
Group, Sarajevo 
100 
11,649 
255 
2021 
Stock Company for Insurance and Reinsurance MAKEDONIJA 
Skopje Vienna Insurance Group, Skopje 
94.26 
27,280 
893 
2021 
InterRisk Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen Spolka Akcyjna Vienna Insur-
ance Group, Warsaw  
100 
72,346 
14,899 
2021 
InterRisk Versicherungs-AG Vienna Insurance Group, Wiesbaden 
100 
56,120 
17,850 
2021 
Joint Stock Insurance Company WINNER LIFE - Vienna Insurance 
Group Skopje, Skopje 
100 
4,020 
99 
2020 
KOMUNALNA poistovna, a.s. Vienna Insurance Group, Bratislava 
100 
74,869 
2,646 
2021 
KOOPERATIVA poist'ovňa, a.s. Vienna Insurance Group, Brati-
slava 
94.37 
385,574 
38,801 
2021 
KUPALA Belarusian-Austrian Closed Joint Stock Insurance Com-
pany, Minsk 
52.34 
12,100 
3,003 
2020 
Kooperativa pojišťovna, a.s. Vienna Insurance Group, Prague  
95.84 
682,480 
404,104 
2021 
LVP Holding GmbH, Vienna 
100 
622,534 
30,941 
2021 
OMNIASIG VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP S.A., Bucharest 
99.54 
143,913 
1,819 
2021 
Private Joint-Stock Company "Insurance company" Ukrainian in-
surance group", Kyiv 
6.9 
18,653 
656 
2021 
PRIVATE JOINT-STOCK COMPANY "UKRAINIAN INSURANCE 
COMPANY "KNIAZHA VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP", Kyiv 
90.56 
11,478 
1,380 
2021 
Private Joint-Stock Company "INSURANCE COMPANY "KNIA-
ZHA LIFE VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP", Kyiv 
97.94 
3,407 
408 
2021 
RISK CONSULT Sicherheits- und Risiko- Managementberatung 
Gesellschaft m.b.H., Vienna  
41 
718 
404 
2020 
Ray Sigorta Anonim Sirketi, Istanbul 
12.67 
28,867 
6,499 
2021 
SIA "Global Assistance Baltic", Riga 
33.33 
277 
-23 
2021 
SIGMA INTERALBANIAN VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP Sh.A., 
Tirana 
89.05 
16,501 
1,871 
2021 
VIG AM Real Estate, a.s., Prague 
100 
797 
160 
2020 
VIG Hungary Holding B.V., Amsterdam 
55 
79,791 
19,084 
2021 
VIG Hungary Holding B.V. II, Amsterdam 
55 
79,791 
19,084 
2021 
VIG Magyarország Befektetesi Zartköröen Müködö Reszvenytar-
sasag, Budapest 
55 
- 
- 
- 
VIG Management Service SRL, Bucharest 
52.08 
8,130 
132 
2020 
VIG Properties Bulgaria AD, Sofia 
99.97 
3,748 
20 
2021 
VIG RE zajist'ovna, a.s., Prague 
55 
179,835 
21,136 
2021 
VIG Services Ukraine, LLC, Kyiv 
6.98 
1,438 
-195 
2021 
VIG-CZ Real Estate GmbH, Vienna 
90 
147,538 
40 
2021 
Vienna Insurance Group Polska Spolka z ograniczona od-
powiedzialnoscia, Warsaw 
51.43 
18,546 
59 
2020 
Vienna International Underwriters GmbH, Vienna 
100 
410 
50 
2020 
Vienna Life Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen na Zycie S.A. Vienna In-
surance Group, Warsaw 
100 
4,976 
2,609 
2021 
Vienna-Life Lebensversicherung AG Vienna Insurance Group, 
Bendern 
100 
9,535 
-33 
2021 
WIENER STÄDTISCHE OSIGURANJE akcionarsko drustvo za o-
siguranje Beograd, Beograd 
100 
55,964 
10,027 
2021 
WIENER STÄDTISCHE VERSICHERUNG AG Vienna Insurance 
Group, Vienna 
90.82 
559,209 
86,935 
2021 
Joint Stock Insurance Company WINNER-Vienna Insurance 
Group, Skopje 
100 
7,461 
315 
2021 
Wiener Osiguranje Vienna Insurance Group ad, Banja Luka 
100 
8,919 
72 
2021 
Akcionarsko drustvo za zivotno osiguranje Wiener Städtische Pod-
gorica, Vienna Insurance Group, Podgorica 
100 
5,420 
322 
2020 
Wiener Towarzystwo Ubezpiezen Spolka Akcyjna Vienna Insur-
ance Group, Warsaw 
100 
34,035 
9,197 
2021 
Wiener osiguranje Vienna Insurance Group dionicko drustvo za 
osiguranje, Zagreb 
97.82 
98,736 
6,365 
2021 
twinformatics GmbH, Vienna 
20 
2,887 
340 
2021 
  
 
 
  
  
Participations 
 
 
  
  
Wiener Börse AG, Vienna 
8.5 
166,278 
41,396 
2020 
Erste Asset Management GmbH, Vienna 
0.76 
136,660 
73,119 
2021 
___________________________________ 
Source: Audited Annual Financial Statements 2021 of VIG

--- Page 99 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
99 | 129 
 
 
5. 
CREDIT RATINGS 
S & P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("Standard & Poor's") has assigned the below credit ratings to the Issuer. 
Long-Term  
Outlook  
Short-Term  
A+ 
Stable 
--- 
 
According to the ratings definitions as published by Standard & Poor's (www.standardandpoors.com), the above credit 
ratings have the following meanings: 
'A' — An obligor rated 'A' has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the 
adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories. 
Note: The credit ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative 
standing within the major rating categories. 
'Outlook' — A Standard & Poor's rating outlook assesses the potential direction of a long-term credit rating over the inter-
mediate term (typically six months to two years). In determining a rating outlook, consideration is given to any changes in 
the economic and/or fundamental business conditions. An outlook is not necessarily a precursor of a credit rating change 
or future CreditWatch action. Positive means that a credit rating may be raised, negative means that a credit rating may 
be lowered and stable means that a credit rating is not likely to change. 
More detailed information on the credit ratings can be retrieved on the Issuer's website (www.vig.com). General information 
regarding the meaning of the credit rating and the qualifications which have to be observed in connection therewith can be 
found on the website of Standard & Poor's (www.standardandpoors.com). 
Standard & Poor's has its registered office at OpernTurm, Bockenheimer Landstraße 2, D-60306 Frankfurt am Main in 
Germany. 
Standard & Poor's is registered under the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended ("CRA Regulation") as registered 
credit rating agencies. ESMA publishes on its website (www.esma.europa.eu) a list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list shall be updated within five working days following the adoption of a decision 
under Articles 16, 17 or 20 of the CRA Regulation. The European Commission publishes that updated list in the Official 
Journal of the EU within 30 days following the updates. 
 
6. 
INVESTMENT STRATEGY AND INVESTMENTS 
The general asset management and risk management objectives are defined in VIG Group Policy Asset Management and 
are primarily aiming at the fulfilment of contractual obligations, the maintaining of our competitiveness, the achievement of 
regular and stable earnings, the assessment of inherent risks and making them transparent, the protection of own funds 
and the maintenance of the rating. 
Based on VIG Groups' objectives and principles and depending on specific individual asset-/liability-requirements per line 
of business, the investment and risk strategy is defined for each group company in an individual guideline. These guidelines 
are coordinated and managed centrally and must be followed by all insurance companies of VIG Group. 
Compliance with VIG Group Policy Asset Management and the individual guidelines is monitored on an ongoing basis by 
the Asset Management department and the Asset Risk Management department as well as on a random basis by the 
Internal Audit department of VIG. 
VIG Group invests into bonds and loans, shares, real estate, participations and other investments, taking into account the

--- Page 100 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
100 | 129 
 
overall risk position and the investment strategy provided for this purpose. 
As of 31 December 2021, the investment portfolio including cash and deposits of in total EUR 37.3 billion (with the look-
through approach applied to consolidated institutional funds) includes holdings of around 70.3% in bonds and around 5.8% 
in loans. The share in equities is around 5.1%, in real estate around 8.0%, in participations around 1.5% and in other 
around 9.3%, based on the book value of the total investment portfolio. 
 
7. 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
(a) 
General 
VIG Group's primary business is assuming risks from its customers using a variety of insurance policies. The insurance 
business consists of consciously assuming diverse risks and managing them profitably. One of the primary responsibilities 
of risk management is to ensure that the obligations assumed under insurance policies can be satisfied at all times. 
In general, all insurance companies are responsible for managing their own risks. The risk management department of 
VIG provides guidelines in all major areas for these companies. The requirements set in the investments and reinsurance 
areas are particularly strict. 
The primary requirement for effective risk management is a risk management system that is consistent throughout VIG 
Group and a risk policy and risk strategy set by management of the Issuer. The objective of such risk management is not 
complete avoidance of risk but rather a conscious acceptance of desired risks and the implementation of measures to 
monitor and possibly even reduce existing risks based on economic factors. The risk-return ratio is therefore a key measure 
that must be optimised in order to guarantee adequate security for the policyholder and the insurer itself while giving due 
consideration to the need to create value. 
Risk management responsibilities in VIG are bundled together in independent organizational units and by a well-estab-
lished risk and control culture, each individual employee contributes to successful management of risk. Transparent, veri-
fiable decisions and processes within a company are very important aspects of its risk culture. 
(b) 
Risk Strategy 
The strategic orientation of VIG Group is based on a business strategy, capital strategy and a comprehensive risk strategy. 
The risk strategy specifies appropriate risk management measures for significant risks and is based on the following prin-
ciples that are applicable VIG Group-wide:  
Accepted risks  
All risks that have a direct connection to the insurance business that is conducted are accepted (underwriting risks, market 
risks). 
Risks accepted with constraints  
− 
Operational risks must be avoided as much as possible but have to be accepted to a certain extent as they cannot 
be completely ruled out, or the costs of avoiding them exceed the expected losses.  
− 
A conservative approach is used for investments and high-risk derivatives are only held to hedge other market 
risks.  
− 
Only a small exposure to risks from financial insurance policies may be held.  
Risk mitigating measures 
− 
Promotion and maintenance of risk awareness and well-defined risk governance in all areas of VIG Group.

--- Page 101 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
101 | 129 
 
− 
As a rule, technical provisions must be carefully set up in order to offset unexpected potential fluctuations.  
− 
Reinsurance is a key instrument for hedging against large losses (tail risks), particularly in the property and cas-
ualty area.  
− 
Strict limitation of market risk and investments taking into account VIG's obligations. 
Unacceptable risks 
− 
Risks are not accepted if VIG Group lacks the expertise or resources required to manage them, or insufficient 
capital is available to cover the risks.  
− 
VIG Group does not accept risks from the insurance business that it cannot adequately assess or estimate. For 
example, this includes risks from third party liability insurance for genetic engineering.  
− 
As for investments, risks are not accepted if adequate expertise is not available to assess the risks 
(c) 
Risk Monitoring  
The solvency corridor defined at the group level and the group-wide limit system applicable in the course of the risk-bearing 
capacity form the basis for continuous monitoring of the solvency situation of VIG Group and its subsidiaries. Compliance 
with the investment guidelines, risk budgets and key figures is also continuously checked and monitored. Monitoring is 
performed by means of regular fair value assessments, value at risk (VaR) calculations and detailed sensitivity analysis 
and stress tests and calculating the Solvency Capital Requirements during the year. Liquidity risk is managed and moni-
tored by matching the investment portfolio with the insurance obligations. Operational and strategic risks which might be 
caused by deficiencies or errors in business processes, controls or projects, or by changes in the business environment, 
are also regularly monitored using the internal control system and/or other risk management processes established. 
(d) 
Governance System 
VIG Group has set up a governance system to address its needs and requirements, which shall enable a sound and 
prudent management. In addition to the establishment of the governance and other key functions at group level, all other 
relevant processes have also been set up to identify, measure, monitor, manage and report risks, taking their interdepend-
encies into account. VIG Group's internal processes shall ensure that the analyses of the governance and other key func-
tions and all results of the risk management processes are appropriately taken into account during the course of business 
activities.  
VIG Group uses a governance system with the following characteristics:  
− 
Functional management by the Issuer's management board (the "Management Board") 
− 
Transparent monitoring by the Issuer's supervisory board (the "Supervisory Board")  
− 
Targeted management decisions towards long-term value creation  
− 
Goal oriented collaboration ensuring company's management and monitoring  
− 
Appropriate handling and management of risks  
− 
Transparency in corporate communications and efficient reporting  
− 
Safeguarding the policyholders', shareholders' and employees' interests 
The group governance system aims to include all processes needed to effectively and efficiently manage and supervise 
VIG Group, in particular precisely defined organisational and operational structure, transparent means of communication 
and report disclosure as well as comprehensive risk management, and is appropriate to the nature, scale and complexity 
of VIG Group. 
 
8. 
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
VIG Group is involved in several legal proceedings in Austria and other jurisdictions resulting from the ordinary course of

--- Page 102 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
102 | 129 
 
its respective businesses including, amongst others, its activities as insurance, asset management companies, employers, 
investors and taxpayers. In its capacity as insurance company, the VIG Group is involved as defendant in a number of 
court proceedings or has been threatened with legal actions. The management of VIG Group does not expect legal dis-
putes, legal proceedings, government or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during a period covering at least the previous 12 months, to which VIG Group is 
a party, to have a material adverse effect on VIG Group's consolidated financial position or profitability.  
  
9. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
VIG has not entered into any material contracts, other than contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business, which 
could result in any member of VIG Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to VIG's ability to meet 
its obligation to Holders in respect of the securities issued or to be issued, except for the following agreements which have 
been in place before: 
Cooperation between VIG and Erste Group Bank AG 
Erste Group Bank AG and VIG are parties to a general distribution agreement (the "EGB Agreement") concerning the 
framework of the cooperation of Erste Group AG and VIG in CEE with respect to bank and insurance products. Originally 
concluded in 2008 (between Erste Bank der österreichischen Sparkassen AG and Wiener Städtische), the EGB Agreement 
was renewed and extended in 2018 until the end of 2033. The objective for the renewal and extension was in particular to 
adapt the EGB Agreement to the corporate restructuring of the original parties, to amend some commercial parameters 
and to align the EGB Agreement with recent developments in the legal framework. Already in the original EGB Agreement 
the parties stipulated that both parties have the right to terminate the EGB Agreement in case of a change of control of one 
of the parties. A change of control is defined, with respect to Erste Group Bank AG, as the acquisition of Erste Group Bank 
AG by any person/entity other than DIE ERSTE österreichische Spar-Casse Privatstiftung or Austrian savings banks of 
50% plus one share of Erste Group Bank AG's voting shares, and with respect to VIG, as the acquisition of VIG by any 
person/entity other than Wiener Städtische Wechselseitiger Versicherungsverein – Vermögensverwaltung – Vienna Insur-
ance Group of 50% plus one share of VIG's voting shares. Apart from this regulation on the termination of the EGB Agree-
ment, the parties agreed in the renewal and extension of the EGB Agreement for an additional termination for cause if 
based on new legal or regulatory provisions, the continuation of the EGB Agreement is unreasonable for each and both of 
the parties. 
Erste Group Bank AG and VIG are furthermore parties to an asset management agreement, pursuant to which Erste Group 
Bank AG and its subsidiaries undertake to manage certain parts of VIG's and its group companies' securities assets. In 
case of a change of control (as described above), each party has the termination right. The asset management agreement 
has been renewed and extended until 2033 concurrently with the renewal and extension of the EGB Agreement outlined 
above. 
 
10. 
RECENT EVENTS, TRENDS AND OUTLOOK 
(a) 
Results for the first quarter 2022 
On 17 May 2022, VIG published its results for the first quarter of 2022. The figures for the first quarter of 2022 set out in 
the tables below are unaudited. The results have been compiled and prepared on a basis which is comparable with the 
historical financial information and consistent with the Issuer's accounting policies.

--- Page 103 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
103 | 129 
 
3M 2022 Income statement  
IFRS (€mn) 
 
€mn 
 
3M 2022 
 
3M 2021 
 
+/- % 
Gross premiums written 
3,454.7 
 
3,106.8 
11.2 
Net earned premiums 
2,622.0 
 
2,416.3 
8.5 
Financial result excl. result from shares in at equity 
consolidated companies 
148.1 
 
175.8 
-15.7 
Result from shares in at equity consolidated companies 
-0.2 
 
-2.3 
-91.5 
Other income 
32.8 
 
58.4 
-43.9 
Expenses for claims/benefits 
-1,935.6 
 
-1,822.6 
6.2 
Acquisition and admin. expenses  
-675.3 
 
-627.6 
7.6 
Other expenses 
-68.1 
 
-70.1 
-2.9 
Business operating result 
123.8 
 
128.0 
-3.3 
Adjustments 
0.0 
 
0.0 
n.a. 
Result before taxes 
123.8 
 
128.0 
-3.3 
Taxes 
-29.4 
 
-27.9 
5.5 
Result of the period 
94.3 
 
100.1 
-5.7 
Non-controlling interests in the result for the period 
-3.0 
 
-1.1 
>100 
Result of the period after taxes and non-controlling 
interests 
91.3 
 
99.0 
-7.7 
___________________________________ 
Source: 3M 2022 Results Presentation 
 
 
3M 2022 Balance sheet  
IFRS (€mn) 
€mn 
 31.03.2022 
  31.12.2021 
  +/- % 
Intangible assets  
 1,751 
 
1,744 
 
0.4 
Right-of-Use assets 
 173 
 
173 
 
-0.3 
Investments 
 33,589 
 
34,810 
 
-3.5 
Investments of unit- and index-linked life insurance 
 8,027 
 
8,525 
 
-5.9 
Reinsurers’ share in underwriting provisions 
 1,878 
 
1,565 
 
20.0 
Receivables 
 2,201 
 
2,067 
 
6.5 
Tax receivables and advance payments out of income tax 
 113 
 
135 
 
-16.5 
Deferred tax assets 
 365 
 
311 
 
17.3 
Other assets 
 428 
 
391 
 
9.4 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 2,526 
 
2,456 
 
2.8

--- Page 104 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
104 | 129 
 
Total assets 
 51,051 
 
52,178 
 
-2.2 
Shareholders‘ equity 
 5,218 
 
5,598 
 
-6.8 
thereof non-controlling interests 
 133 
 
120 
 
11.0 
Subordinated liabilities 
 1,462 
 
1,461 
 
0.0 
Underwriting provisions 
 32,302 
 
32,546 
 
-0.8 
Underwriting provisions for unit- and index-linked life insurance  7,700 
 
8,189 
 
-6.0 
Non-underwriting provisions 
 869 
 
890 
 
-2.4 
Liabilities excl. subordinated liabilities  
 3,042 
 
2,900 
 
4.9 
Tax liabilities out of income tax 
 222 
 
243 
 
-8.9 
Deferred tax liabilities 
 105 
 
219 
 
-51.9 
Other liabilities 
 132 
 
131 
 
0.6 
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 51,051 
 
52,178 
 
-2.2 
___________________________________ 
Source: 3M 2022 Results Presentation 
 
(b) 
War in Ukraine22 
In Ukraine, VIG operates through three insurance companies, the two non-life insurers Kniazha and USG, and the life 
insurance company Kniazha Life, with a total of 1400 employees. In Ukraine, VIG generated around EUR 100 million of 
premiums and in the last four years an average profit of around EUR 10 million. There is no goodwill and the Net Assets 
after adjusting for currency effects are around EUR 57 million. 
VIG has been closely following the developments in Ukraine for weeks in terms of safeguarding people and minimizing the 
business risks. Following the Russian aggression against Ukraine, which commenced on 24 February 2022, and depend-
ing on the current risk situation the operating activities of the VIG companies in Ukraine may be limited or suspended. 
The current war situation in Ukraine is not only associated first and foremost with human suffering but also economic 
uncertainty and possible volatility on the capital markets. This has currently made it difficult to estimate the business de-
velopment for 2022. The war in Ukraine may have an impact on growth in Ukraine and other markets outside Ukraine, 
particularly in Poland, Belarus, the Baltic States, Moldowa and Georgia. 
With regard to investments, the investment exposure of VIG in Ukraine and Russia together is around EUR 250 million, 
which amounts to 0.7% of total assets of VIG. Solely in Russia the investment exposure is around EUR 190 million of 
which around EUR 44 million are government bonds and around EUR 113 million are corporate bonds. VIG Group has 
taken precautionary measures related to Russian investment exposure in the amount of around EUR 75 million. In Ukraine 
the investment exposure is around EUR 60 million of which around EUR 41 million are government bonds and no corporate 
bonds are being held. Valuation losses of bonds affect equity via OCI (Other Comprehensive Income) and long-term 
changes (impairments) impact the P&L (Profit and Loss). 
(c) 
Aegon Acquisition23 
On 29 November 2020, VIG signed a share purchase agreement to acquire the entities of the Dutch insurer Aegon in 
 
 
22 Source for all figures provided in this section: VIG-internal calculation. 
23 Source for all figures and market share data provided in this section: Corporate information provided by Aegon Group in the course of 
the acquisition.

--- Page 105 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
105 | 129 
 
Hungary, Poland, Romania and Turkey. The deal includes insurance companies, pension funds, asset management and 
service companies with a premium volume of around EUR 640 million in 2021 and brings an additional customer base of 
4.6 million customers in total. In 2021, the companies generated a net profit of around EUR 45 million. 
The premium volume of the Hungarian Aegon insurance company amounted in 2021 to around EUR 401 million and the 
profit before taxes was around EUR 53 million. The Hungarian Aegon companies employ around 1.000 employees and 
serve more than 1,5 million customers. The Aegon asset management company is the fourth largest asset management 
company in Hungary and offers the full range of services in this business segment in the CEE region and manages assets 
of approximately EUR 2 billion.  
In Turkey, the acquisition marks an expansion into the life insurance business, where VIG is currently represented by the 
non-life insurance company Ray Sigorta. Aegon Turkey is number 7 in the life insurance market and generated a premium 
volume of around EUR 147 million in 2021; such premium calculation based on the weighted average exchange rate 2021. 
The Polish Aegon company and its Romanian branch focus on the provision of traditional and unit-linked life insurance 
policies and generated a premium volume of EUR 93 million in 2021 (EUR 63 million in Poland, EUR 30 million in Romania; 
such premium calculation based on the weighted average exchange rate 2021)). 
By acquiring the Aegon pension fund companies in Hungary, Poland and Romania, VIG is gaining new accesses to the 
pension business. Due to demographic developments and the associated difficulty in financing state pension systems, 
these markets are offering major growth opportunities for pension funds. This also aligns with VIG’s new strategic pro-
gramme by expending the business model in this field. All three pension fund companies are among the top 4 on the 
market in their respective countries. The agreed total purchase price for the Aegon CEE transaction amounts to EUR 830 
million (plus capital contributions minus leakage).  
The transaction was cleared by the European Commission and the Turkish Competition Authority in 2021. In addition, the 
Hungarian and the Turkish regulator approved the transaction in the first quarter of 2022. On 23 March 2022, VIG closed 
the acquisition of the Aegon companies in Hungary by purchasing the two Dutch holding companies Aegon Hungary Hold-
ing B.V., Aegon Hungary Holding II B.V. which hold 100% of the shares in the Hungarian Aegon companies. Upon closing 
of the transaction in Hungary and together with UNION Biztosító, VIG increased its current market share from 8% to over 
19% and became market leader in Hungary. On 25 March 2022, the Hungarian state holding company Corvinus acquired 
an indirect non-controlling minority stake of 45% in the Aegon companies and in UNION Biztosító. VIG retained a controlling 
majority stake of 55% and the operational management of the Hungarian business.  
The closing of the Aegon Turkey transaction took place on 21 April 2022. The closing of the Polish and Romanian Aegon 
transaction is still subject to the regulatory approvals, the applications are pending. 
According to a rating report dated 22 December 2021, Standard & Poor's assumes that VIG will maintain its capital and 
earnings at least at a very strong level over the next two years, while it completes the AEGON CEE acquisition and pursues 
good organic growth opportunities. 
(d) 
COVID-19 Pandemic  
The outbreak of SARS-CoV-2, and its associated disease, which was first identified in December 2019 began to have a 
significant negative impact on global financial markets and increase the level of uncertainty from mid to late February 2020 
on. On 11 March 2020, the World Health Organisation (WHO) declared the disease associated with SARS-Cov-2 a pan-
demic. In order to slow the growth rate of infections, governments worldwide took drastic steps from simple social distanc-
ing measures to far-reaching regional or national lock-downs. In order to mitigate the expected significant economic slow-
down therefrom, and the associated adverse financial market consequences, governments and central banks worldwide 
implemented broad, and in parts unprecedented, fiscal and monetary policy measures. All negative effects that could be 
reasonably estimated were recognised since then. The Issuer will further follow the developments closely.  
As outlined in the risk factor "A re-intensifying COVID-19 pandemic or similar diseases could adversely affect VIG Group's

--- Page 106 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
106 | 129 
 
business and the global economy more widely", a re-intensifying pandemic may result in an increase of financial, under-
writing, liquidity and operational risks for VIG Group and, ultimately, may have material adverse effects on the operating 
results of VIG Group and its business and financial situation. 
In the 2021 financial year, a large part of the premium volume was generated in the first half of the year, as new business 
in the property lines in eastern countries of VIG Group is usually concluded at the beginning of the year. In the property 
lines of business, premiums written are showing a significant recovery that considerably exceeds the level prior to the 
COVID-19 pandemic. Health insurance also continues to show an increase in 2021. VIG Group is focusing on this line of 
business and sees the COVID-19 pandemic as having a reinforcing effect on this fundamental focus. In VIG Group, poli-
cyholders once again hardly made use of any deferrals or premium waivers. 
The stable development of the claims ratio was mainly due to a fundamentally better claims experience and lower high 
frequency claims, among other things. It is still not possible to directly determine the positive effects of the COVID-19 
pandemic. VIG Group result before taxes increased by 47.8% in 2021 to EUR 511.3 million (2020: EUR 345.9 million), 
which approached the pre-crisis level of 2019. The substantial 47.8% increase in profits was mainly the result of a signifi-
cant improvement in the combined ratio and the good development of the financial result. In addition, the result for the 
previous year was reduced by EUR 141.4 million in impairments of goodwill and other intangible assets. 
 
Other than referred to under (a) to (d) above, there have/has been:  
− 
no recent events particular to the Issuer and which are to a material extent relevant to an evaluation of the Issuer's 
solvency;  
− 
no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer and VIG Group since 31 March 2022;  
− 
no significant change in the financial performance of the Issuer since 31 March 2022; and  
− 
no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2021.

--- Page 107 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
107 | 129 
 
VIII. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
1. 
MANAGEMENT BOARD 
Members of the Management Board 
The current members of the Management Board listed below have extensive experience in the Austrian insurance sector and 
held the following significant additional mandates in management boards and supervisory boards or similar functions in other 
foreign and domestic companies as of the date of this Base Prospectus:  
Name 
Name of relevant company  
Committee 
Position held 
Prof. Elisabeth 
Stadler 
Chairperson 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe 
management board 
chairperson 
DONAU Versicherung AG Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
InterRisk Lebensversicherungs-AG Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
InterRisk Versicherungs-AG Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Kooperativa, pojist'ovna, a.s. Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Compensa Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen Na Zycie Spolka Akcyjna Vienna In-
surance Group 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Compensa Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen Spolka Akcyjna Vienna Insurance 
Group 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Vienna Life Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen na Zycie S.A. Vienna Insurance 
Group 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Vienna Insurance Group Polska Spolka z ograniczona odpowiedzialnoscia 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
WIENER STÄDTISCHE VERSICHERUNG AG Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
1st deputy chairper-
son 
Ceská podnikatelská pojist'ovna, a.s., Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
InterRisk Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen Spolka Akcyjna Vienna Insurance 
Group 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
VIG RE zajist'ovna, a.s. 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
Wiener Towarzystwo Ubezpiezen Spolka Akcyjna Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
VIG Magyarország Befektetesi Zartköröen Müködö Reszvenytarsasag 
supervisory board 
member 
OMV Aktiengesellschaft 
supervisory board 
member 
voestalpine AG 
supervisory board 
member 
Kooperativa, pojist'ovna, a.s. Vienna Insurance Group  
audit committee  
deputy chairperson 
Ceská podnikatelská pojist'ovna, a.s., Vienna Insurance Group  
audit committee  
member 
Aktuarvereinigung Österreichs 
advisory board 
member 
Institute of Science and Technology Austria 
advisory board  
(Kuratorium) 
member 
Österreichische Gesellschaft für Versicherungsfachwissen 
representative 
president 
Austrian Red Cross (Österreichisches Rote Kreuz) 
presidium 
vice president 
 
 
 
 
Hartwig Löger 
Deputy  
Chairperson 
 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe 
management board  
deputy chairperson 
AEGON Magyarorszag Altalanos Biztosito Zartkörüen Müködö Reszvenytar-
sasag 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
KOMUNALNA poistovna, a.s. Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
KOOPERATIVA poist'ovna, a.s. Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson

--- Page 108 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
108 | 129 
 
UNION Vienna Insurance Group Biztositó Zrt. 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
DONAU Versicherung AG Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
1st deputy chairper-
son 
WIENER STÄDTISCHE VERSICHERUNG AG Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
2nd deputy chairper-
son 
Ceská podnikatelská pojist'ovna, a.s., Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
member 
Kooperativa, pojist'ovna, a.s. Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
member 
 
VIG Magyarország Befektetesi Zartköröen Müködö Reszvenytarsasag 
supervisory board 
member 
 
 
 
 
Mag. Liane Hirner 
Member 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe 
management board  
member 
KUPALA Belarusian-Austrian Closed Joint Stock Insurance Company 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
InterRisk Lebensversicherungs-AG Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
InterRisk Versicherungs-AG Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
Private Joint-Stock Company "INSURANCE COMPANY "KNIAZHA LIFE VI-
ENNA INSURANCE GROUP" 
supervisory board 
member 
Private Joint-Stock Company "Insurance company" Ukrainian insurance 
group" 
supervisory board 
member 
PRIVATE JOINT-STOCK COMPANY "UKRAINIAN INSURANCE COMPANY 
"KNIAZHA VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP" 
supervisory board 
member 
DONAU Versicherung AG Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
member 
INTERSIG VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP Sh.A. 
supervisory board 
member 
SIGMA INTERALBANIAN VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP Sh.A. 
supervisory board 
member 
Vienna-Life Lebensversicherung AG Vienna Insurance Group 
administrative board 
member 
CFO Club Austria 
association 
member 
Institut österreichischer Wirtschaftsprüfer 
association 
member 
Kammer der Steuerberater und Wirtschaftsprüfer 
n/a 
member 
EIOPA Insurance and Reinsurance Stakeholder Group 
advisory board 
member 
Verband der Versicherungsunternehmen Österreichs 
 
working group account-
ing  
member 
 
 
 
 
Mag. Peter  
Höfinger 
Member 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe 
management board  
member 
Akcionarsko drustvo za zivotno osiguranje Wiener Städtische Podgorica, Vi-
enna Insurance Group 
board of directors 
chairperson 
CLAIM EXPERT SERVICES S.R.L. 
shareholder committee 
chairperson 
VIG Management Service SRL 
shareholder committee 
chairperson 
"BULSTRAD LIFE VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP" EAD 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
INTERSIG VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP Sh.A. 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Pension Assurance Company Doverie AD 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
SIGMA INTERALBANIAN VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP Sh.A. 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
INSURANCE ONE-SHAREHOLDER JOINT-STOCK COMPANY BULSTRAD 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP EAD 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
WIENER STÄDTISCHE OSIGURANJE akcionarsko drustvo za osiguranje 
Beograd 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
ASIGURAREA ROMANEASCA - ASIROM VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP 
S.A.  
supervisory board  
chairperson  
BCR Asigurari de Viata Vienna Insurance Group S.A. 
supervisory board 
chairperson

--- Page 109 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
109 | 129 
 
Compania de Asigurari "DONARIS VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP" Societate 
pe Actiuni 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
OMNIASIG VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP S.A. 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Wiener osiguranje Vienna Insurance Group dionicko drustvo za osiguranje 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
GLOBAL ASSISTANCE, a.s. 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
BTA Baltic Insurance Company AAS 
supervisory board 
member 
Compensa Life Vienna Insurance Group SE 
supervisory board 
member 
Compensa Vienna Insurance Group, akcine draudimo bendrove 
supervisory board 
member 
UAB "Compensa Life Distribution" 
supervisory board 
member 
VIG RE zajist'ovna, a.s. 
supervisory board 
member 
 
 
 
 
Mag. Gerhard 
Lahner 
Member 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe 
management board  
member 
AEGON EMEKLİLİK VE HAYAT A.Ş. 
management board  
deputy chairperson 
Akcionarsko drustvo za zivotno osiguranje Wiener Städtische Podgorica, Vi-
enna Insurance Group 
board of directors 
member 
Ray Sigorta Anonim Sirketi 
board of directors 
member 
VIG AM Real Estate, a.s. 
supervisory board  
chairperson  
VIG FUND, a.s. 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
AEGON Magyarorszag Befektetesi Alapkezelö Zartkörüen Müködö Reszven-
ytarsasag 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
Compensa Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen Na Zycie Spolka Akcyjna Vienna In-
surance Group  
supervisory board 
member  
Compensa Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen Spolka Akcyjna Vienna Insurance 
Group 
supervisory board 
member 
Ceská podnikatelská pojist'ovna, a.s., Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
member 
INSURANCE ONE-SHAREHOLDER JOINT-STOCK COMPANY BULSTRAD 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP EAD 
supervisory board 
member 
InterRisk Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen Spolka Akcyjna Vienna Insurance 
Group 
supervisory board 
member 
Joint Stock Company International Insurance Company IRAO 
supervisory board 
member 
Kooperativa, pojist'ovna, a.s. Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
member 
Vienna Insurance Group Polska Spolka z ograniczona odpowiedzialnoscia 
supervisory board 
member 
VIG RE zajist'ovna, a.s. 
supervisory board 
member 
Wiener Börse AG 
supervisory board 
member 
Wiener Towarzystwo Ubezpiezen Spolka Akcyjna Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
member 
Wien 3420 Aspern Development AG 
supervisory board 
member 
VITEC Vienna Information Technology Consulting GmbH  
advisory board  
chairperson 
Camelot Informatik und Consulting Gesellschaft m.b.H. 
advisory board 
member 
twinformatics GmbH 
advisory board 
member 
 
 
 
 
Gabor Lehel  
Member 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe 
management board  
member 
VIG Magyarország Befektetesi Zartköröen Müködö Reszvenytarsasag 
management board  
chairperson 
Wiener Osiguranje Vienna Insurance Group ad 
board of directors 
chairperson 
AEGON Magyarorszag Altalanos Biztosito Zartkörüen Müködö Reszvenytar-
sasag 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Insurance Company Vienna osiguranje d.d., Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
chairperson

--- Page 110 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
110 | 129 
 
Joint Stock Insurance Company WINNER LIFE - Vienna Insurance Group 
Skopje 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Joint Stock Insurance Company WINNER-Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Stock Company for Insurance and Reinsurance MAKEDONIJA Skopje Vi-
enna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
UNION Vienna Insurance Group Biztositó Zrt. 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
KUPALA Belarusian-Austrian Closed Joint Stock Insurance Company 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
BTA Baltic Insurance Company AAS 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
Compensa Life Vienna Insurance Group SE 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
Compensa Vienna Insurance Group, akcine draudimo bendrove 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
UAB "Compensa Life Distribution" 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
AEGON Magyarorszag Befektetesi Alapkezelö Zartkörüen Müködö Reszven-
ytarsasag 
supervisory board 
member 
INSHIFT GmbH & Co. KG 
advisory board 
member 
TeleDoc Holding GmbH 
advisory board 
member 
 
 
 
 
Mag. Harald  
Riener 
Member 
 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe 
management board  
member 
GLOBAL ASSISTANCE SERVICES SRL 
shareholder committee 
chairperson 
CLAIM EXPERT SERVICES S.R.L. 
shareholder committee 
member 
VIG Management Service SRL 
shareholder committee 
member 
Benefia Ubezpieczenia Spolka z ograniczona odpowiedzialnoscia 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
GLOBAL ASSISTANCE, a.s. 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
VIG/C-QUADRAT Towarzystwo Funduszy Inwestycyjnych SPÓŁKA 
AKCYJNA 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
BTA Baltic Insurance Company AAS  
supervisory board  
chairperson  
Compensa Life Vienna Insurance Group SE 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Compensa Vienna Insurance Group, akcine draudimo bendrove 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Global Assistance Polska Spolka z ograniczona odpowiedzialnoscia 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Global Services Bulgaria JSC 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
SIA "Global Assistance Baltic" 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
UAB "Compensa Life Distribution" 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
VIG Services Ukraine, LLC 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
InterRisk Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen Spolka Akcyjna Vienna Insurance 
Group 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Private Joint-Stock Company "INSURANCE COMPANY "KNIAZHA LIFE VI-
ENNA INSURANCE GROUP" 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Private Joint-Stock Company "Insurance company" Ukrainian insurance 
group" 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
PRIVATE JOINT-STOCK COMPANY "UKRAINIAN INSURANCE COMPANY 
"KNIAZHA VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP" 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Spoldzielnia Uslugowa VIG EKSPERT W WARSZAWIE 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Vienna Insurance Group Polska Spolka z ograniczona odpowiedzialnoscia 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Wiener Towarzystwo Ubezpiezen Spolka Akcyjna Vienna Insurance Group 
 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Compensa Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen Na Zycie Spolka Akcyjna Vienna In-
surance Group 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson

--- Page 111 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
111 | 129 
 
Compensa Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen Spolka Akcyjna Vienna Insurance 
Group 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
Vienna Life Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen na Zycie S.A. Vienna Insurance 
Group 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
GLOBAL ASSISTANCE SLOVAKIA s.r.o. 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
ASIGURAREA ROMANEASCA - ASIROM VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP 
S.A. 
supervisory board 
member 
BCR Asigurari de Viata Vienna Insurance Group S.A. 
supervisory board 
member 
OMNIASIG VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP S.A. 
supervisory board 
member 
Beesafe Spolka z Ogranziczona Odpowiedzialnoscia 
supervisory board 
member 
BTA Baltic Insurance Company AAS 
audit committee  
member 
 
 
 
 
Dr. Peter  
Thirring 
Member 
 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe 
management board  
member 
AEGON EMEKLİLİK VE HAYAT A.Ş. 
management board  
chairperson 
CLAIM EXPERT SERVICES S.R.L. 
shareholder committee 
member 
VIG Management Service SRL 
shareholder committee 
member 
Ray Sigorta Anonim Sirketi 
board of directors 
chairperson 
Vienna-Life Lebensversicherung AG Vienna Insurance Group 
board of directors 
member 
Joint Stock Company Insurance Company GPI Holding 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
KOMUNALNA poistovna, a.s. Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
KOOPERATIVA poist'ovna, a.s. Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
VIG RE zajist'ovna, a.s. 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
ASIGURAREA ROMANEASCA - ASIROM VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP 
S.A. 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
BCR Asigurari de Viata Vienna Insurance Group  S.A. 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
Compania de Asigurari "DONARIS VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP" Societate 
pe Actiuni 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
OMNIASIG VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP S.A. 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
Wiener osiguranje Vienna Insurance Group dionicko drustvo za osiguranje 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
Beesafe Spolka z Ogranziczona Odpowiedzialnoscia 
supervisory board 
member 
WIENER STÄDTISCHE VERSICHERUNG AG Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
member 
Compania de Asigurari "DONARIS VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP" Societate 
pe Actiuni 
audit committee 
chairperson 
KOMUNALNA poistovna, a.s. Vienna Insurance Group 
audit committee 
member 
KOOPERATIVA poist'ovna, a.s. Vienna Insurance Group 
audit committee 
member 
VIG RE zajist'ovna, a.s. 
audit committee 
member 
 
The members of the Management Board can be reached at VIG's business address Schottenring 30, 1010 Vienna, Austria. 
 
2. 
SUPERVISORY BOARD 
Members of the Supervisory Board 
Currently, the Supervisory Board consists of members elected by the shareholders of the Issuer. The following table sets out 
the current members of the Supervisory Board together with the significant additional mandates in management boards,

--- Page 112 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
112 | 129 
 
supervisory boards or similar functions in other foreign and domestic companies for each Supervisory Board member as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus: 
Name 
Name of relevant company  
Committee  
Position held 
Dr. Günter Geyer 
Chairperson 
Wiener Städtische Wechselseitiger Versicherungsverein – 
Vermögensverwaltung – Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board  
chairperson 
WIENER STÄDTISCHE VERSICHERUNG AG Vienna Insu-
rance Group 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
WWG Beteiligungen GmbH 
supervisory board  
1st deputy chairperson 
Die ERSTE österreichische Spar-Casse Privatstiftung 
assembly  
member 
Dr. Rudolf Ertl 
1st Deputy  
Chairperson 
Wiener Städtische Wechselseitiger Versicherungsverein – 
Vermögensverwaltung – Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board  
member 
SOZIALBAU gemeinnützige Wohnungsaktiengesellschaft 
supervisory board  
member 
Mag. Robert Lasshofer 
2nd Deputy  
Chairperson 
Österreichisches Verkehrsbüro AG 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
AT & S Austria Technologie & Systemtechnik Aktiengesell-
schaft 
supervisory board 
member 
Wiener Städtische Wechselseitiger Versicherungsverein – 
Vermögensverwaltung – Vienna Insurance Group 
management board  
chairperson 
Die ERSTE österreichische Spar-Casse Privatstiftung 
assembly 
member 
WIENER STÄDTISCHE VERSICHERUNG AG Vienna In-
sunrance Group 
supervisory board 
member 
Dkfm. Heinz Öhler 
Member 
Alpenländische Gemeinnützige WohnbauGmbH 
supervisory board 
chairman 
Komm-Rat Martina  
Dobringer 
Member 
n/a 
n/a 
Mag. Dr. Gertrude  
Tumpel-Gugerell 
Member 
Österreichische Forschungsförderungsgesellschaft mbH 
supervisory board  
chairperson 
AT & S Austria Technologie & Systemtechnik Aktiengesell-
schaft 
supervisory board  
member 
OMV Aktiengesellschaft  
supervisory board  
member 
Commerzbank AG 
supervisory board  
member 
Dr. Georg Riedl 
Member 
Wiesenthal Holding GmbH 
management board 
member 
A + D Liegenschaftsbesitz GmbH 
management board 
member 
Wiener Städtische Wechselseitiger Versicherungsverein - 
Vermögensverwaltung - Vienna Insurance Group 
management board  
member 
Social & Culture Beteiligungs GmbH - Wiener Städtische 
Wechselseitige 
management board 
member 
Social & Culture GmbH - Wiener Städtische Wechselseitige management board 
member 
Entain Services Austria GmbH 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Wiesenthal Autohandels AG 
supervisory board  
deputy chairperson

--- Page 113 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
113 | 129 
 
AT & S Austria Technologie & Systemtechnik Aktiengesell-
schaft 
supervisory board  
2nd deputy chairperson 
Österreichische Salinen Aktiengesellschaft  
supervisory board  
member 
Salinen Austria Aktiengesellschaft  
supervisory board  
member 
SCHRACK SECONET AG 
supervisory board  
member 
European Trans Energy GmbH 
supervisory board  
member 
Hitzinger Electric Power GmbH 
supervisory board 
member 
Zsuzsanna Eifert 
Member 
n/a 
Ing. Katarina Slezakova 
Member 
n/a 
Dr. Gerhard Fabisch 
Member 
Steiermärkische Bank und Sparkassen Aktiengesellschaft  
management board 
chairperson 
Österreichischer Sparkassenverband AG 
management board 
member 
Steiermärkische Verwaltungssparkasse 
management board 
member 
Sparkassen-Haftungs GmbH 
supervisory board  
member 
Sparkassenakademie GmbH 
advisory board  
member 
Verband der Deutschen Freien Öffentlichen Sparkassen 
e.V. 
board of directors 
member 
Landesverband der steirischen Sparkassen 
n/a 
chairperson 
WIENER STÄDTISCHE Versicherung AG Vienna Insurance 
Group, Team s-Versicherung 
council 
member 
Gabriele  
Semmelrock-Werzer 
Member 
Kärntner Sparkasse Aktiengesellschaft  
management board  
member 
Sparkassen-Haftungs GmbH 
supervisory board  
chairperson 
Die Kärntner Sparkasse – Förderungsgesellschaft für den 
Bezirk Hermagor Gesellschaft m.b.H. 
supervisory board  
member 
SOS Kinderdorf 
supervisory board 
member 
Erste Asset Management GmbH 
supervisory board  
member 
Erste Bank der oesterreichischen Sparkassen AG 
supervisory board  
member 
Banka Sparkasse d.d. 
supervisory board  
member 
Haftungsverbund der österreichische Sparkassen 
advisory board 
member 
Ing. Peter Mihok 
Member 
Eurochambres (association of European chambers of com-
merce and industry) 
management board  
member 
Incheba, a.s.  
supervisory board  
chairperson 
Omnia, a.s. 
supervisory board  
vice chairperson 
Wiener Städtische Wechselseitiger Versicherungsverein – 
Vermögensverwaltung – Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board  
member 
Heineken Slovensko Sladovne, a.s. 
supervisory board  
member 
Heineken Slovensko, a.s. 
supervisory board  
member 
Slovak Chamber of Commerce and Industry 
administrative board 
chairperson

--- Page 114 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
114 | 129 
 
STEMMA 
 CEO 
 
International Chamber of Commerce  
National Committee Slo-
vakia  
President 
The members of the Supervisory Board can be reached at VIG's business address Schottenring 30, A-1010 Vienna, Aus-
tria. 
 
3. 
POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
Agreements (e.g., advisory contracts) of VIG with the members of its Management Board and its Supervisory Board may, 
in certain circumstances, generate conflicts of interest. 
Should any such conflict of interest arise, VIG has sufficient rules and procedures pursuant to compliance rules and industry 
standards in place regulating the management of conflicts of interest and the ongoing application of such rules. If any 
conflicts of interest are identified with respect to the members of the Issuer's Management Board, Supervisory Board or 
the upper management level, where internal procedures or measures would not be sufficient, conflicts of interest would be 
disclosed.  
Furthermore, members of the Management Board and Supervisory Board may serve on management or supervisory 
boards of various different companies (others than VIG), including customers of and investors in VIG, which may also 
compete directly or indirectly with the Issuer. Directorships of that kind may expose them to potential conflicts of interest if 
the Issuer maintains active business relations with said companies. 
 
4. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE 
VIG is committed to the application of and compliance with the January 2021 version of the Austrian Code of Corporate 
Governance. The Austrian Code of Corporate Governance (the "Code") is available to the public both on the VIG Insurance 
Group website at www.vig.com/ir and the website of the Austrian Working Group for Corporate Governance at www.cor-
porate-governance.at. 
The rules of the Code are divided into the following three categories: 
− 
Rules based on mandatory legal requirements; 
− 
Rules that must be observed. Non-compliance with these rules must be declared and explained in order to comply 
with the Code; and 
− 
Non-compliance with rules which are merely recommendations do not need to be disclosed or explained. 
VIG complies with the rules of the Austrian Code of Corporate Governance. According to C-Rule 52a of the Code, the 
number of members of the Supervisory Board (excluding employee representatives) shall not exceed ten. The Supervisory 
Board of VIG consists of twelve members elected by the Annual General Meeting. The slightly larger number of the mem-
bers on the supervisory board is due to the around 50 insurance companies of VIG Group being active in more than 30 
countries. The number of Supervisory Board members of twelve enables VIG Group to utilise additional expertise consid-
ering the international presence and further growth of VIG Group and also in connection with increasing regulatory require-
ments.

--- Page 115 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
115 | 129 
 
5. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDER OF THE ISSUER 
VIG's major shareholder is Wiener Städtische Wechselseitiger Versicherungsverein – Vermögensverwaltung – Vienna 
Insurance Group ("Wiener Städtische Versicherungsverein"). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Wiener Städtische 
Versicherungsverein directly and indirectly holds approximately 72.47%, of the issued share capital and therefore a major-
ity of the voting rights of the Issuer and the free float amounts to approximately 27.53%. A general overview of VIG's 
shareholder structure is set out below: 
 
 
___________________________________ 
Source: 3M 2022 Results Presentation 
 
The Issuer is not aware of any arrangements the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control 
of the Issuer.There are no particular measures to prevent abusive exercise of control on the Issuer. According to the 
Austrian Stock Corporation Act, the members of the managing board of the Issuer must act in their own responsibility in 
the best interest of the Issuer, taking into account its shareholders, employees and the public interest. In particular, the 
members of the managing board are not obliged to follow instructions of shareholders or members of the supervisory 
board; if such instructions would be detrimental to the Issuer or would be contrary to its best interest, the members of the 
managing board would need to reject such instructions. The Issuer's management board therefore believes that the Issu-
er's corporate governance structure, together with the provisions of Austrian corporate law, provides sufficient safeguards 
against the abuse of controlling interests by shareholders.

--- Page 116 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
116 | 129 
 
IX. 
TAXATION  
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the 
purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes, including the effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of 
Austria and each other country of which they are residents or which they may otherwise be liable for taxes. The respective 
relevant tax legislation may have an impact on the income received from the Notes.  
1. 
AUSTRIAN TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
The following is a general overview of certain Austrian tax matters which may be of significance in connection with the 
Notes in the Republic of Austria. This summary does not purport to exhaustively describe all possible tax aspects and does 
not deal with specific situations which may be of relevance for certain potential investors. The following comments are 
rather of a general nature and included herein solely for information purposes. They are not intended to be, nor should 
they be construed to be, legal or tax advice. This overview is based on Austrian law as in force at the date of this Base 
Prospectus as well as on court rulings and regulations of the tax authorities and their respective interpretation, all of which 
may be amended from time to time. The laws and their interpretation by the tax authorities may change and such changes 
may also have retroactive effect. It cannot be ruled out that the Austrian tax authorities may adopt a view different from 
that outlined below. Tax risks resulting from the Notes shall in any case be borne by the Holders. For the purposes of the 
following, it is assumed that the Notes are debt instruments for tax purposes and legally and factually offered to an indefinite 
number of persons. VIG assumes no responsibility with respect to taxes withheld at source.  
General remarks  
Individuals having a permanent domicile (Wohnsitz) and/or their habitual abode (gewöhnlicher Aufenthalt) in Austria are 
subject to income tax (Einkommensteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited income tax liability; un-
beschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht). Individuals having neither a permanent domicile nor their habitual abode in Austria 
are subject to income tax in Austria only on income from certain Austrian sources (limited income tax liability; beschränkte 
Einkommensteuerpflicht).  
Corporations having their place of effective management (Ort der Geschäftsleitung) and/or their registered office (Sitz) in 
Austria are subject to corporate income tax (Körperschaftsteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited corporate 
income tax liability; unbeschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht). Corporations having neither their place of effective manage-
ment nor their registered office in Austria are subject to corporate income tax in Austria only on income from certain Austrian 
sources (limited corporate income tax liability; beschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht).  
Tax considerations which are potentially relevant to investors subject to a special tax regime, such as for example govern-
mental authorities, charities, foundations or investment or pension funds, and special tax regimes that may apply, for 
example, where an investor holds the Notes via an entity which qualifies as an Austrian or non-Austrian investment fund 
for tax purposes are not addressed herein. 
Both in case of unlimited and limited (corporate) income tax liability, Austria's right to tax may be restricted by double 
taxation treaties.  
Austrian resident individuals holding the Notes as non-business assets  
Pursuant to section 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, investment income (Einkünfte aus Kapitalvermögen) comprises 
in particluar:  
− 
income from the letting of capital (Einkünfte aus der Überlassung von Kapital) pursuant to section 27(2) of the 
Austrian Income Tax Act, including dividends and interest; 
− 
income from realized increases in value (Einkünfte aus realisierten Wertsteigerungen) pursuant to section 27(3) 
of the Austrian Income Tax Act, including gains from the sale, alienation, redemption and other realization of

--- Page 117 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
117 | 129 
 
assets that lead to income from the letting of capital, including income from zero coupon bonds and also broken-
period (accrued) interest; and 
− 
income from derivatives (Einkünfte aus Derivaten) pursuant to section 27(4) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, 
including cash settlements, option premiums received and income from the sale, the settlement or other realisa-
tion of forward contracts like options, futures and swaps and other derivatives such as index certificates. 
Interest income derived from the Notes, in general, is considered income from the letting of capital pursuant to section 27(2) 
of the Austrian Income Tax Act and therefore subject to a special (flat) income tax rate of 27.5%. If interest is paid out to 
Holders by an Austrian paying agent (auszahlende Stelle), the interest income derived from the Notes is subject to Austrian 
withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) at a rate of 27.5% which is withheld by the Austrian paying agent. An Austrian paying 
agent is an Austrian credit institution or, in particular, an Austrian branch of a non-Austrian credit institution or an EU 
investment firm which pays out or credits interest income to Holders, or the Issuer if it directly pays out interest income to 
Holders. Withholding tax on interest income generally has the effect of final taxation (Endbesteuerung) for individuals, 
irrespectively of whether the Notes are held as private assets or as business assets, i.e. no additional income tax is levied 
over and above the amount of tax withheld. If interest income is not subject to Austrian withholding tax because there is 
no Austrian paying agent, the taxpayer will have to include interest income derived from the Notes in his personal income 
tax return. In this case such interest income is, in general, taxed at the special income tax rate of 27.5%.  
Furthermore, any realized capital gains (Einkünfte aus realisierten Wertsteigerungen) from the Notes are, in general, sub-
ject to income tax at the special income tax rate of 27.5%. Realized capital gains means any income derived from the sale 
or redemption or other disposal of the Notes. The tax base is, in general, the difference between the sales proceeds or the 
redemption amount and the acquisition costs, in each case including accrued interest. Expenses which are connected with 
income subject to the special flat tax rate such as bank charges and custody fees are not deductible. For Notes held as 
private assets, the acquisition costs shall not include incidental acquisition costs. For the calculation of the acquisition costs 
of Notes held within the same securities account and having the same securities identification number, but which are 
acquired at different points in time, an average acquisition price applies.  
Where an Austrian custodian agent (depotführende Stelle) or paying agent (auszahlende Stelle) is involved and pays out 
or settles realized capital gains from the Notes, such capital gains are subject to 27.5% withholding tax. The withholding 
tax deduction will in general result in final income taxation for individuals holding the Notes as private assets pursuant to 
section 97(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, provided that the investor has evidenced the factual acquisition costs of the 
Notes to the custodian agent. If the realized capital gains are not subject to Austrian withholding tax because there is no 
Austrian custodian agent or paying agent, the taxpayer will have to include any capital gains realized and derived from the 
Notes in his personal income tax return. In this case such gains are, in general, taxed at the special income tax rate of 
27.5%. Upon application of the Holder, all income subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5% may also be taxed at such 
Holder's lower progressive income tax rate (option to regular taxation pursuant to section 27a(5) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act).  
Withdrawals (Entnahmen) and other transfers of Notes from a Holder's securities account would generally be considered 
as a sale, unless specified exemptions will be fulfilled like the transfer of the Notes (i) to a securities account owned by the 
same taxpayer with the same securities depository (bank), (ii) to a securities account owned by the same taxpayer with an 
Austrian bank if the account holder has instructed the transferring bank to disclose the acquisition costs to the receiving 
bank or (iii) to a securities account owned by the same taxpayer with a non-Austrian bank, if the account holder has 
instructed the transferring Austrian bank to transmit the pertaining information to the competent tax office or has, in the 
case of transfers from a foreign account, himself notified the competent Austrian tax office thereof within a month; or the 
transfer of the Notes without consideration (a) from a securities account with an Austrian bank to a securities account held 
by another taxpayer with an Austrian or non-Austrian bank, if the fact that the transfer has been made without consideration 
has been evidenced to the transferring bank or the transferring bank has been instructed to inform the Austrian tax office 
thereof, or (b) from a securities account with a non-Austrian bank to a securities account held by another taxpayer with an 
Austrian or non-Austrian bank if the transferring taxpayer has himself notified the competent Austrian tax office thereof 
within a month. The tax base amounts to the fair market value at the time of transfer minus acquisition costs.

--- Page 118 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
118 | 129 
 
Furthermore, circumstances leading to a restriction of Austria's taxation right regarding the Notes vis-à-vis other countries, 
e.g. a relocation from Austria (Wegzug) are in general deemed to constitute a sale of Notes (cf. section 27(6)(1) of the 
Austrian Income Tax Act). In case of relocation of an individual to another EU Member State or to an EEA Member States, 
a deferral of taxation may be available.  
Income from Notes which are not publicly offered within the meaning of section 27a(2)(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act 
would not be subject to withholding tax and final taxation but subject to progressive personal income tax rates.  
Losses from Notes held by individuals as private assets may only be set off with other investment income subject to the 
special income tax rates (excluding, inter alia, interest income from bank deposits and other non-securitized claims against 
banks) of such Holder but must not be set off with any other income. Austrian tax law provides for a mandatory set-off of 
losses by an Austrian custodian against investment income from securities accounts of a Holder held at the same custodian 
agent (subject to certain exemptions). However, a carry-forward of losses is not permitted.  
Austrian resident individuals holding the Notes as business assets  
Interest income and realized capital gains derived from Notes which are held as business assets by an Austrian resident 
individual are also subject to the special flat income tax rate of 27.5% which is deducted by the Austrian paying agent or 
Austrian custodian by way of withholding tax (see above). However, realized capital gains, contrary to interest income, 
have to be included in the Holder's personal income tax return in any case. The special income tax rate of 27.5% will only 
apply if generating income from the Notes is not a focus of the taxpayer's business activity. Depreciations to the lower fair 
market value and losses from the alienation, redemption and other realization of any Notes held as business assets must 
primarily be set off against positive income from realized capital gains of such financial instruments of the same business. 
Only 55% of any remaining loss may be set off against other income or may be carried forward.  
Austrian resident corporations and private foundations  
Corporations subject to unlimited corporate income tax liability in Austria are subject to corporate income tax on income in 
the sense of section 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act from the Notes at a corporate income tax rate of currently 25% 
(for the calendar year 2023: 24%; for calendar years as of 2024: 23%). Interest income and capital gains realized from the 
Notes derived by Austrian tax resident corporate Holders is subject to currently 25% (for the calendar year 2023: 24%; for 
calendar years as of 2024: 23%) Austrian corporate income tax. Income from the Notes paid by an Austrian paying or 
custodian agent is generally subject to withholding tax at a flat rate of 27.5%, which may be reduced to currently 25% (for 
the calendar year 2023: 24%; for calendar years as of 2024: 23%) in case a corporation is the beneficial recipient of such 
income. Such withholding tax may be credited against the Holder's corporate income tax liability. However, under the 
conditions set forth in section 94(5) of the Austrian Income Tax Act no withholding tax is levied in the first place. Losses 
from the sale of the Notes can be set off against other income (and carried forward under general conditions).  
There is, inter alia, a special tax regime for private foundations established under Austrian law (Privatstiftungen) (interim 
tax, no withholding tax).  
Non-Austrian resident individuals  
For non-Austrian resident individuals interest income derived from the Notes is generally subject to a 27.5% Austrian 
withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) if such interest income is paid out through a paying agent or custodian located in 
Austria. Taxable interest income from the Notes includes accrued interest realized in case of a sale or repayment of the 
Notes.  
An exemption applies in relation to interest income received by individuals resident in a jurisdiction with which the Republic 
of Austria has agreed on an automatic exchange of financial account information in tax matters, if the respective Holder 
provides a certificate of residence to the Austrian paying agent. Such certificate of residence must be provided on form 
"IS-QUl" (which should be available on the website of the Austrian Ministry of Finance). Interest income which is not subject 
to Austrian withholding tax (because it is not disbursed through an Austrian paying agent or custodian) is, however, not

--- Page 119 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
119 | 129 
 
taxable in Austria. Further, non-Austrian resident individuals may be subject to income tax in Austria with respect to interest 
income from the Notes if the Notes and the income from the Notes is attributable to an Austrian permanent establishment 
of the taxpayer. 
Applicable double taxation treaties may provide for a reduction of, or relief from, Austrian withholding tax. However, Aus-
trian banks are not entitled to apply such double taxation reduction or relief at source. Accordingly, non-Austrian resident 
Holders wishing to obtain such tax relief will have to file for a refund with the competent Austrian tax office which will require 
a certificate of residence issued by the competent authority of the Holder's state of residence (a specific electronic pre-
notification procedure applies).  
Non-Austrian resident corporations 
For non-Austrian resident corporate Holders interest income and capital gains derived from the Notes are generally not 
taxable in Austria.  
Thus, non-Austrian resident corporate Holders receiving income or capital gains from the Notes through a custodian or 
paying agent located in Austria may avoid deduction of Austrian withholding tax if they evidence their non-Austrian resident 
tax status vis-à-vis the paying agent by disclosing, inter alia, their identity and address in accordance with the Austrian 
income tax guidelines. Evidence that the Holder is not subject to Austrian withholding tax is the responsibility of the relevant 
Holder.  
Where non-Austrian resident corporate Holders receive income from the Notes as part of business income taxable in 
Austria (e.g. because the Notes are attributable to business performed by a corporate Holder via an Austrian permanent 
establishment), they will, in general, be subject to the same tax treatment as Austrian resident corporate Holders.  
Other taxes  
There should be no transfer tax, registration tax or similar tax payable in Austria by Holders as a consequence of the 
acquisition, ownership, disposition or redemption of the Notes. Austria does no longer levy inheritance or gift tax, however, 
there may be a special notification obligation. There are certain exemptions from such notification obligation, e.g., for gifts 
among relatives that do not exceed an aggregate amount of EUR 50,000 per annum or gifts among unrelated persons that 
do not exceed an aggregate amount of EUR 15,000 within five years. Intentional violations of such notification obligation 
may trigger fines of up to 10% of the fair market value of the assets transferred.  
Certain gratuitous transfers of assets to private law foundations and comparable legal estates (privatrechtliche Stiftungen 
und damit vergleichbare Vermögensmassen) are subject to foundation transfer tax (Stiftungseingangssteuer) pursuant to 
the Austrian Foundation Transfer Tax Act (Stiftungseingangssteuergesetz) if the transferor and/or the transferee at the 
time of transfer have a domicile, habitual abode, registered office or place of management in Austria. Certain exemptions 
apply in cases of transfers of financial assets mortis causae within the meaning of section 27(3) and (4) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act (except for participations in corporations) if income from such financial assets is subject to income tax at 
a flat rate pursuant to section 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act.

--- Page 120 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
120 | 129 
 
X. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The sale and/or distribution of the Notes may be subject to restrictions in various jurisdictions. The Issuer may from time 
to time request the FMA to provide to competent authorities of the member states of the EEA a notification concerning the 
approval of this Base Prospectus. 
Except for publishing and filing this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not taken any measures and will not take any measure 
in order to make the public offer of the Notes or their possession or the distribution of offer documents relating to the Notes 
permissible in a jurisdiction where special measures have to be taken for this purpose. Notes may be offered, sold, or 
delivered within a jurisdiction or originating from a jurisdiction only, if this is permitted pursuant to applicable laws and other 
legal provisions and if no obligations arise for the Issuer. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. Except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act 
("Regulation S") or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Notes will not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of the Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a 
part, an offer or sale of the Notes within the United States may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if 
such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities 
Act. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered or sold in the United States or its possessions 
or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meaning given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision the ex-
pression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision the expression 
"retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA

--- Page 121 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
121 | 129 
 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated 
an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) 
received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in 
relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 122 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
122 | 129 
 
GLOSSARY AND LIST OF ABBREVIATIONS 
For ease of reference, the glossary below sets out certain abbreviations and meanings of certain terms used in this Base 
Prospectus. Readers of this Base Prospectus should always have regard to the full description of a term contained in this 
Base Prospectus. 
3M 2021 Results Presentation 
the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial information of the Issuer 
as of and for the period ending 31 March 2021 as presented in the Issuer's re-
sults presentation for the first quarter of 2021 
3M 2022 Results Presentation 
the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial information of the Issuer 
as of and for the period ending 31 March 2022 as presented in the Issuer's re-
sults presentation for the first quarter of 2022 
AGM  
annual general meeting  
Alternative Performance 
Measures 
financial measures as well as financial ratios presented in this Base Prospectus, 
including financial measures and financial ratios presented in the documents in-
corporated by reference that are not recognised financial measures under IFRS 
Applicable Supervisory Require-
ments 
the provisions of insurance regulation law as applicable at the relevant point in 
time to the solo solvency of VIG and the group solvency of the VIG Group (for 
the avoidance of doubt, including any transitional rules), and any related provi-
sions and regulations, resolutions or other decisions of the Competent Supervi-
sory Authority and other requirements (including the regulatory practice of the 
Competent Supervisory Authority and relevant case law) affecting the Issuer 
and/or the Group. 
Audited Consolidated Financial 
Statements 2020  
the German language version of the audited consolidated annual financial state-
ments of VIG for the financial year ended 31 December 2020  
Audited Consolidated Financial 
Statements 2021  
the German language version of the audited consolidated annual financial state-
ments of VIG for the financial year ended 31 December 2021  
Arranger  
Erste Group Bank AG 
Base Prospectus  
this base prospectus  
Benchmarks Regulation  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and finan-
cial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending 
Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014, as 
amended from time to time 
Business Day 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which (i) the Clearing System is 
open for regular business and (ii) which is a TARGET Business Day 
Calculation Agent 
Erste Group Bank AG or such other calculation agent as may be appointed in 
relation to a specific issue or Series of Notes

--- Page 123 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
123 | 129 
 
CEE  
Central and Eastern Europe  
Clearstream or CBL 
Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg, 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, LU-1855 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg  
Clearing System 
OeKB CSD  
COBS 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook of the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) 
Code 
Austrian Code of Corporate Governance 
Comframe 
the Common Framework for the Supervision of Internationally Active Insurance 
Groups published by the International Association of Insurance Supervisors 
have published as set of international standards for regulation of the insurance 
industry 
Competent Supervisory Authority 
the FMA or any authority that becomes its successor in such capacity. 
Conditions 
terms and conditions applicable to each particular Tranche of Notes 
CRA Regulation 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended from time to time 
Custodian 
any bank or other financial institution with which the Holder maintains a securi-
ties account in respect of any Notes and having an account maintained with the 
Clearing System, including the Clearing System 
Dealer(s) 
each person who is appointed as a Dealer under the Programme Agreement 
Delegated Regulation 2015/35 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 supplementing the Solvency II 
Directive, as amended from time to time 
Distributor 
any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
Donau Versicherung 
DONAU Versicherung AG 
Draft IRRD 
the proposal for an Insurance Recovery and Resolution Directive adopted by the 
European Commission on 22 September 2021 
EEA  
European Economic Area  
EGB Agreement 
general distribution agreement between Erste Group Bank AG and VIG 
EMMI 
European Money Markets Institute  
EIOPA 
European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority 
ESG 
Environmental, Social and Governance

--- Page 124 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
124 | 129 
 
ESMA 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Bench-
marks Regulation 
EU  
European Union  
EUR 
Euro  
EURIBOR 
Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
Euroclear 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium 
EUWA 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  
Final Terms  
final terms setting forth the applicable Terms and Conditions issued under the 
Prospectus, a form of which is included in this Base Prospectus  
Fiscal Agent 
Erste Group Bank AG 
FMA 
Austrian Financial Market Authority (Finanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde)  
FSMA 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
GDPR 
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing 
of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 
95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation), as amended from time to time 
Global Note  
a permanent global note in bearer form representing each Series or Tranche of 
Notes  
Group MCR  
(i) the minimum consolidated group solvency capital requirement applicable to 
VIG Group pursuant to the Applicable Supervisory Regulations (regardless of 
the terminology used therein); or (ii) any other capital requirement that may re-
place the capital requirement in clause (i), to which the criteria for the eligibility 
of the Restricted Tier 1 Instruments of VIG Group refer, and that is applicable to 
the VIG Group from time to time 
Group MCR Ratio 
ratio of (i) the amount of own funds (Eigenmittel) (regardless of the terminology 
used therein) of VIG Group eligible to cover the Group MCR to (ii) the Group 
MCR 
Group SCR 
the group solvency capital requirement applicable to VIG Group pursuant to the 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations (regardless of the terminology used therein) 
Group SCR Ratio 
the ratio of (i) the amount of own funds (Eigenmittel) (regardless of the terminol-
ogy used therein) of VIG Group eligible to cover the Group SCR to (ii) the Group 
SCR 
Holder 
any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other comparable right in the 
Global Note which may be transferred to a new Holder in accordance with the

--- Page 125 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
125 | 129 
 
provisions of the Clearing System 
Holder's Currency 
currency or currency unit in which the Holder's financial activities are principally 
denominated in 
IASB 
International Accounting Standards Board 
IBA  
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
IFRS  
International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the European Un-
ion 
Insurance Distribution Directive 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 Jan-
uary 2016 on insurance distribution (recast) directive 2016/97/EU 
Issuer 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe 
Issuer's Group 
the Issuer and its subsidiaries pursuant to the Applicable Supervisory Regula-
tions (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) regarding the supervision of the 
group solvency 
Issuer's Senior Ranking Obliga-
tions 
all of the Issuer's present and future: 
(i) 
unsubordinated obligations (for the avoidance of doubt: this includes any 
obligations of the Issuer towards all policy holders and beneficiaries un-
der insurance and reinsurance contracts); and 
(ii) 
obligations subordinated by operation of law pursuant to the Applicable 
Insolvency Regulations; and 
(iii) 
contractually subordinated obligations under (A) tier 2 basic own-funds 
instruments of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72 of Delegated Regulation 
2015/35, (B) tier 3 basic own-funds instruments of the Issuer pursuant to 
Article 76 of Delegated Regulation 2015/35, (C) instruments that rank 
pari passu with, or senior to, the aforementioned basic own-funds instru-
ments; and 
(iv) 
other subordinated obligations (A) that rank or are expressed to rank sen-
ior to the obligations under the Notes or (B) that are required to be pre-
ferred by mandatory provisions of law. 
Listing Agent 
Erste Group Bank AG 
Management Board 
the management board (Vorstand) of the Issuer 
Margin  
Margin to be added to the EURIBOR according to the Final Terms  
Market 
the Official Market (Amtlicher Handel) of the Vienna Stock Exchange (Wiener 
Börse)  
MiFID II  
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May

--- Page 126 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
126 | 129 
 
2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC 
and Directive 2011/61/EU (recast) (Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II)  
mn 
million 
MVBS 
market value balance sheet 
Notes  
Notes issued under the Programme  
Notification  
a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up 
in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (sent by the FMA to each host 
member state as requested by the Issuer)  
n/a 
not applicable 
OeKB CSD 
OeKB CSD GmbH, Strauchgasse 1-3, A-1010 Vienna, Austria 
OTC  
over-the-counter  
Paying Agent 
Erste Group Bank AG, Am Belvedere 1, A-1100 Vienna, Austria 
PRIIPs Regulation 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and 
insurance-based investment products (PRIIPs), as amended from time to time 
Programme  
the Programme of the Issuer for the issuance of Notes which is established by 
this Base Prospectus 
Programme Agreement 
the Programme Agreement dated 16 March 2021 between Erste Group Bank 
AG and the Issuer 
Prospectus Regulation  
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 
June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the 
public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 
2003/71/EC, as amended from time to time 
Regulation S 
Regulation S under the Securities Act 
Restricted Tier 1  
Tier 1 Own-Fund Items according to Article 69(a)(iii), (a)(v) and (b) of the Dele-
gated Regulation, excluding such instruments that are treated as Tier 1 Own-
Fund Items by application of transitional provisions. 
SCR 
solvency capital requirement applicable to an insurance company's economic 
capital that needs to be held in order to fulfil the minimum capital requirement 
under Solvency II 
SCR Ratio 
solvency ratio (defined by EIOPA standards as the sum of own funds divided by 
the solvency capital requirement)

--- Page 127 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
127 | 129 
 
Securities Act  
United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended  
Series  
Series of Notes as specified in the Final Terms 
Solo MCR  
the minimum capital requirement applicable to VIG on an individual basis pursu-
ant to the Applicable Supervisory Regulations (regardless of the terminology 
used therein) 
Solo MCR Ratio 
ratio of (x) the amount of own funds (Eigenmittel) (regardless of the terminology 
used by the Applicable Supervisory Regulations) of VIG eligible to cover the Solo 
MCR to (y) the Solo MCR 
Solo SCR 
solvency capital requirement applicable to VIG on an individual basis pursuant 
to the Applicable Supervisory Regulations (regardless of the terminology used 
therein) 
Solo SCR Ratio 
the ratio of (i) the amount of own funds (Eigenmittel) (regardless of the terminol-
ogy used therein) of VIG eligible to cover the Solo SCR to (ii) the Solo SCR 
Solvency II 
Directive 2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 No-
vember 2009 on the taking-up and pursuit of the business of Insurance and Re-
insurance, as amended from time to time 
Solvency II Amendment Proposal 
legislative its proposal the European Commission adopted a to amend European 
Directive 2009/138/EC (Solvency II Directive) dated 22 September 2021 
Specified Currency 
the issue currency applicable to a particular Series and, if applicable, Tranche 
of Notes as set out in the Final Terms 
Standard & Poor's 
S & P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
Supervisory Board  
the supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat) of the Issuer  
Terms and Conditions  
the terms and conditions of the Notes which are composed of the Issue Specific 
Conditions and the General Conditions and which are set out on pages 38 et 
seqq of this Base Prospectus  
Tier 1 Own-Fund Items 
tier 1 own-fund items according to Article 69 of the Delegated Regulation includ-
ing instruments that are treated as tier 1 own-fund items by application of tran-
sitional provisions. 
Tranche  
a tranche of a Series of Notes 
UK  
the United Kingdom  
UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
UK PRIIPs Regulation 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and

--- Page 128 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
128 | 129 
 
insurance-based investment products (PRIIPs), as amended from time to time 
United States or United States of 
America 
the United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of 
Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands) 
USD  
the currency of the United States of America  
VAG  
Austrian Insurance Supervisory Act (Versicherungsaufsichtsgesetz)  
VIG 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe 
VIG Group 
VIG and its consolidated subsidiaries 
VIG Re 
VIG RE zajišťovna, a. s. 
Wiener Städtische Versicher-
ungsverein 
Wiener Städtische Wechselseitiger Versicherungsverein – Vermögensverwal-
tung – Vienna Insurance Group 
Wiener Städtische 
Wiener Städtische Versicherung AG Vienna Insurance Group 
WKN  
German securities identification number

--- Page 129 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
129 | 129 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe 
Schottenring 30 
1010 Vienna, Austria 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISOR TO THE ISSUER 
 
Weber Rechtsanwälte GmbH & Co KG 
Rathausplatz 4 
1010 Vienna, Austria 
 
 
 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
 
Erste Group Bank AG 
Am Belvedere 1 
1100 Vienna, Austria  
 
 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT, LISTING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
 
Erste Group Bank AG 
Am Belvedere 1 
1100 Vienna, Austria  
 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISORS TO THE ARRANGER AND DEALER 
 
Linklaters LLP 
Taunusanlage 8  
60329 Frankfurt, Germany 
WOLF THEISS Rechtsanwälte GmbH & Co KG 
Schubertring 6 
1010 Vienna, Austria 
 
 
 
 
AUDITORS 
 
KPMG Austria GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungs und Steuerberatungsgesellschaft  
Porzellangasse 51 
1090 Vienna, Austria

--- Page 130 ---
Signaturwert
DGAr/GNYALKNk2rRo5mqPppWul5WV6w0TZFGNPQ/+QHdAzLq6IumP+E19sWRq0gvPPsC4nEk1GdlKZB6cUvYbii
bApJGTnl2g/bGcRNq43pPb56ngFvKeF0euMbU8QJPtXhT9Qyk8BLtJTZ19RKg8u0loUXSKFvpEy7iWoYHME2OqJ
S+Y2pmLpwAVUJVEYZSFtdrLkE4jTMyalGQCSThuZde1jbcILsfr2j3CrhzMHPgd5WGrvUIUFHFDozxehW+6auyF
QVaHxkID3ZzpA9VcmWez+oPAf4w8o78bLd095CqF0eSTvwyjhPP7+iNlyFFRDN29kXvKZ27TUYJRdln4g==    
                                          
Unterzeichner
Österreichische Finanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde                          
                                                           
Datum/Zeit-UTC
2022-05-20T07:00:01Z                                                 
 
Aussteller-Zertifikat
CN=a-sign-corporate-light-02,OU=a-sign-corporate-light-02,O=A-Trust  
Ges. f. Sicherheitssysteme im elektr. Datenverkehr GmbH,C=AT         
            
Serien-Nr.
532114608                                                            
 
Methode
urn:pdfsigfilter:bka.gv.at:binaer:v1.1.0
Prüfinformation
Informationen zur Prüfung des elektronischen Siegels bzw. der elektronischen Signatur
finden Sie unter:
http://www.signaturpruefung.gv.at 
Hinweis
Dieses Dokument wurde amtssigniert. Auch ein Ausdruck dieses Dokuments hat gemäß § 20
E-Government-Gesetz die Beweiskraft einer öffentlichen Urkunde.