--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 16 MARCH 2021 
 
 
 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe 
(incorporated as a stock corporation in the Republic of Austria under registered number FN 75687 f) 
as Issuer 
Debt Issuance Programme 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the "Prospectus Regulation") in respect of non-equity securities. Under 
the Debt Issuance Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (together with any documents incor-
porated by reference therein, the "Base Prospectus"), VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe 
(the "Issuer" or "VIG", together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "VIG Group"), subject to compliance with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue subordinated or unsubordinated, as the case may be, bearer 
notes in a minimum denomination of EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies) per Note (together the "Notes").. 
The principal amount of the Notes, the issue currency, the interest payable in respect of the Notes, the issue prices and 
maturities of the Notes and all other terms and conditions which are applicable to a particular series (a "Series") and, if 
applicable, tranche (a "Tranche") of Notes will be set out in the document containing the final terms (each "Final Terms") 
within the meaning of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with Annexes 7, 15 and 28 of the Commission Delegated Regu-
lation (EU) 2019/980, as amended and has been approved by the Austrian Financial Market Authority (Fi-
nanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde, the "FMA") in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to Article 20 of the Prospectus 
Regulation in conjunction with the Austrian Capital Market Act 2019 (Kapitalmarktgesetz 2019). The FMA approves this 
Base Prospectus only as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes 
that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. 
Application will be made for the Programme and/or the Notes to be admitted to the Official Market (Amtlicher Handel) of 
the Vienna Stock Exchange (Wiener Börse) (the "Market"). References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and 
all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the Market. The Market is a regulated 
market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II – "MiFID II"). 
Unlisted or unincluded Notes may also be issued pursuant to this Programme. The relevant Final Terms in respect of the 
issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be admitted to trading on the Market or included in one or 
more of the Multilateral Trading Facilities (MTFs).  
Each Series and, if applicable, each Tranche of Notes in bearer form will be represented by a permanent global note (each 
a "Global Note"). Global Notes shall (or in the case of Notes listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange will) be deposited on 
the issue date with or on behalf of OeKB CSD GmbH ("OeKB CSD") and any successor in such capacity. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base 
Prospectus. This Base Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, but the Issuer believes 
that all material and specific risks relating to an investment in the Notes have been described. 
This Base Prospectus (supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for a period of twelve months 
after its approval. In case of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the

--- Page 2 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
2 | 136 
information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes, the Issuer will pre-
pare and publish a supplement to the Base Prospectus without undue delay in accordance with Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. The validity ends upon expiration of 16 March 2022. The obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply 
when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
In respect of each individual series of Notes, Final Terms will be filed with the notification office (Meldestelle) of Oester-
reichische Kontrollbank AG. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, the Notes in any jurisdiction 
where such offer or solicitation is unlawful. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should ensure that they understand the nature of the Notes and the extent of their 
exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the Notes as an investment in light of their own circumstances 
and financial condition. Investing in the Notes involves certain risks. Please review the section entitled "Risk Factors" 
beginning on page 17 of this Base Prospectus. 
Arranger and Dealer 
Erste Group Bank AG

--- Page 3 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
3 | 136 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe accepts responsibility for the information contained in 
and incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and for the information which will be contained in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer hereby declares that to the best of its knowledge the information contained in this Base Prospectus for which it 
is responsible is in accordance with the facts and that this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
FULL INFORMATION 
Full information on the Issuer and any Tranche of Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of the Base 
Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any other doc-
uments incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). Such documents shall be 
incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is incor-
porated by reference therein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of the Base Prospectus to the 
extent that a statement contained therein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication 
or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall, except as so modified or superseded, not constitute a part 
of the Base Prospectus. 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer is obliged by the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, that if at any time during the duration of the Pro-
gramme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in the 
Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes and which arises or is noted between the time when this 
Base Prospectus is approved and the closing of the offer period of such Notes or the time when trading on a regulated 
market begins, whichever occurs later, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to the FMA and the Vienna Stock Exchange such number of 
copies of such supplement hereto as relevant applicable legislation require. 
NOTICE 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained in this 
Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or the Arranger or any Dealer (as defined in "I. The Notes 
– 1. General Information about the Programme"). 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, excluding the Issuer, is 
responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any supplement thereof, or any Final Terms or any 
other document incorporated herein by reference, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant 
jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the information con-
tained in any of these documents. 
Neither the Arranger nor any person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, excluding the Issuer, have independently verified 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any financial statements supplied in 
connection with the Programme or any Notes are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should 
not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger or any person mentioned in this Base Prospectus that 
any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of 
Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any financial state-
ments and its purchase of Notes should be based upon any such investigation as it deems necessary. The Arranger does 
not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Issuer and its subsidiaries and participations 
taken as a whole during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or 
potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of the Arranger. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances,

--- Page 4 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
4 | 136 
create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the finan-
cial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent 
to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by 
law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Arranger and the relevant 
Dealer(s) to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act"), and may include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not 
be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
tax regulations and the Securities Act. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribu-
tion of the Prospectus, see the section "Subscription and Sale". 
The Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer to subscribe for, or purchase, 
any Notes. 
Neither the Prospectus nor any financial statements supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes are intended 
to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer that 
any recipient of the Prospectus or any financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes 
should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in the Prospectus or any financial statements and its 
purchase of Notes should be based upon any such investigation as it deems necessary. 
Prospective investors should note that the tax legislation of the investor's member state and of the Issuer's country of 
incorporation may have an impact on the income received from Notes. Prospective investors should consult their tax ad-
visers as to the relevant tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of Notes. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any supplement(s) thereto nor any Final Terms may be used for the purpose of an offer 
or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it 
is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any supplement(s) thereto nor any Final Terms constitute an offer or an invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any Dealer that 
any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition 
(financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
The binding language of this Base Prospectus is English.  
The information on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus do not form part of the Base Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinized or approved by the FMA unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
VIG SUSTAINABILITY BOND FRAMEWORK / ESG-NOTES 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be issued as Notes 
issued under the VIG Sustainability Bond Framework ("ESG-Notes") as well as the allocation of the amount equal to the 
net proceeds of the ESG-Notes to ESG-projects that meet the eligibility criteria defined in the VIG Sustainability Bond 
Framework. 
The 
VIG 
Sustainability 
Bond 
Framework 
is 
publicly 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
(https://www.vig.com/en/investor-relations/bonds). The VIG Sustainability Bond Framework is not incorporated by refer-
ence into this Base Prospectus. Sustainalytics GmbH ("Sustainalytics"), a company that rates the sustainability of listed 
companies based on their environmental, social and corporate governance (ESG) performance, have provided a second 
party opinion (a "Second Party Opinion") on the VIG Sustainability Bond Framework. The Second Party Opinion is not 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Due to the envisaged use of the net proceeds (or an equivalent amount) from the issuance of ESG-Notes, the Issuer refers

--- Page 5 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
5 | 136 
to ESG-Notes issued under the Programme as "sustainability" notes. The definition or nomenclature (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, and market consensus as to what constitutes or may be classified as, a "sustainable", "green" or equivalently 
labelled project or a loan that may finance such project, has, for several years, been, and continues to be, under constant 
development. In addition, it is an area which has been, and continues to be, the subject of many and wide-ranging voluntary 
and regulatory initiatives to develop rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies and objectives.  
Neither the Arranger, nor any of the Dealers, nor any of their affiliates, nor any other person mentioned in the Base Pro-
spectus makes any representation as to the suitability of ESG-Notes issued under the Programme to fulfil environmental, 
social and sustainability criteria required by any prospective investors. The Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, 
nor are responsible for, any assessment of the VIG Sustainability Bond Framework or the ESG Projects any verification of 
whether the ESG Projects meet the criteria set out in the VIG Sustainability Bond Framework or the monitoring of the use 
of proceeds. 
SOURCES OF INFORMATION 
Unless otherwise stated, statistical and other data provided in this Base Prospectus has been extracted from the Audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements 2019 and the English language translation of the annual report thereon. The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by such sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inac-
curate or misleading. 
With respect to any information included in this Base Prospectus and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the 
Issuer confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission of which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) neither the Issuer nor the Arranger has independently 
verified any such information and neither the Issuer nor the Arranger accepts any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
This Base Prospectus includes information regarding markets, market size, market share, market position, growth rates 
and other industry data for the Issuer's business, which consists of estimates based on data and reports compiled by third 
parties, on data from other external sources, and on the Issuer's knowledge of its sales and markets and its own market 
research and intelligence. The market and industry information set out in this Base Prospectus is based on various studies 
and databases which are generally assumed to be reliable. However, no assurance can be given that such studies and 
reports and databases are accurate in all material respects as all studies, reports and databases apply certain estimates 
and assumptions. The source of such third-party information is cited whenever such information is used in this Base Pro-
spectus.  
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assess-
ment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
Distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA

--- Page 6 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
6 | 136 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, any Dealer (as defined in "I. The Notes – 1. General Information about the Programme") subscribing for any Notes 
is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.  
PRIIPS REGULATION / EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regula-
tion. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Conse-
quently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION / STATEMENT IN RELATION TO ADMINISTRATOR'S REGISTRA-
TION 
Interest amounts payable under floating rate notes or fixed to floating rate notes issued under this Programme are calcu-
lated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") which is provided by the European Money Markets 
Institute ("EMMI"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the Reg-
ulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016, as amended ("Benchmark Regu-
lation"). 
STABILISATION 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES UNDER THE PROGRAMME, THE DEALER OR 
DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS STABILISING MANAGER(S) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS (OR PERSONS ACT-
ING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISING MANAGER(S)) MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS 
WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH 
MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION 
ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF 
THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT

--- Page 7 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
7 | 136 
IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE 
OF NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES. ANY 
STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT STABILISING MAN-
AGER(S) (OR PERSON(S) ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISING MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL 
APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following parts of the following documents 
which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and which have been filed with the FMA:  
Document/Heading 
Page reference 
German language version of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2019 – Annual Report 2019 (Geschäftsbericht 2019) (the 
"Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2019") 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet (Konzernbilanz)  
32 
Consolidated Income Statement (Konzern-Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung)  
33 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Konzern-Gesamtergebnisrechnung)  
34 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (Konzern-Eigenkapitalveränderungsrechnung)  
35-36 
Consolidated Cash-Flow Statement (Konzern-Kapitalflussrechnung)  
37-39 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Anhang (Notes) zum Konzernabschluss)  
40-101  
Auditor's Report (Bestätigungsvermerk) 
185-190 
German language version of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2018 – Annual Report 2018 (Geschäftsbericht 2018) (the 
"Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2018") 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet (Konzernbilanz)  
37 
Consolidated Income Statement (Konzern-Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung)  
38 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Konzern-Gesamtergebnisrechnung)  
39 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (Konzern-Eigenkapitalveränderungsrechnung)  
40-41 
Consolidated Cash-Flow Statement (Konzern-Kapitalflussrechnung)  
42-43 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Anhang (Notes) zum Konzernabschluss)  
44-103 
Auditor's Report (Bestätigungsvermerk) 
185-190 
German language version of the Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial State-
ments of the Issuer for the half-year ended 30 June 2020 – Half-year financial report 2020 
(Halbjahresfinanzbericht 2020) (the "Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial 
Statements as of 30 June 2020") 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet (Konzernbilanz) 
16 
Consolidated Income Statement and Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
(Konzerngewinn- und -Verlustrechnung und Konzerngesamtergebnisrechnung)  
17 
Consolidated Shareholders' Equity (Konzerneigenkapital)  
18-19 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement (Konzernkapitalflussrechnung) 
20-21 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Konzernanhang) 
22-55

--- Page 8 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
8 | 136 
English language translation of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 – Annual Report 20191 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet  
32 
Consolidated Income Statement 
33 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
34 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
35-36 
Consolidated Cash-Flow Statement  
37-39 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
40-101 
Auditor's Report  
185-190 
English language translation of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2018 – Annual Report 2018 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet  
37 
Consolidated Income Statement 
38 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
39 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
40-41 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement  
42-43 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
44-103 
Auditor's Report  
185-190 
English language translation of the Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer for the half-year ended 30 June 2020 – Half-year financial report 2020 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet  
16 
Consolidated Income Statement and Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income  
17 
Consolidated Shareholders' Equity  
18-19 
Consolidated Cash-Flow Statement  
20-21 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
22-55 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, such parts of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2018 and 2019 as well as of the 
Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements as of 30 June 2020, respectively, which are not explicitly 
listed in the tables above, are not incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as these parts are either not relevant 
for the investor or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any information not listed above but included in the documents incorporated by reference is given for information purposes 
only. 
Such parts of the documents which are explicitly listed above shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of this 
Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained in such a document shall be deemed to be modified or superseded 
for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in this Base Prospectus modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or 
                                                          
1  
The English language translations of the Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements as of 30 June 2020and the English language 
translation of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019 are 
not legally binding and are incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference for convenience purposes only.

--- Page 9 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
9 | 136 
superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
For the term of 10 years from the date of this Base Prospectus, electronic versions of the following documents will be 
available on the Issuer's website under www.vig.com (see also the links set out below in brackets): 
i. 
the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2019 incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus 
(https://www.vig.com/fileadmin/web/Investor_Relations/Geschaeftsberichte/Konzernabschluss/200430_-
_VIG_Konzernbericht_2019_INTERNET.pdf); 
ii. 
the English language translation of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2019 incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (https://www.vig.com/filead-
min/web/Investor_Relations/Annual_Reports/Group_Annual_Reports/200430_-_VIG_Group_Annual_Re-
port_2019_INTERNET.pdf); 
iii. 
the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2018 incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus 
(https://www.vig.com/fileadmin/web/Investor_Relations/Geschaeftsberichte/Konzernabschluss/190417_-
_VIG_Konzernbericht_2018_INTERNET.pdf); 
iv. 
the English language translation of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2018 incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (https://www.vig.com/filead-
min/web/Investor_Relations/Annual_Reports/Group_Annual_Reports/190417_-_VIG_Group_Annual_Re-
port_2018_INTERNET.pdf); 
v. 
the Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements as of 30 June 2020 incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus 
(https://www.vig.com/fileadmin/web/Investor_Relations/Downloads/Zwischenber-
ichte_InterimReports/2020/200826_-_VIG_Halbjahresfinanzbericht_2020.pdf);  
vi. 
the English language translation of the Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements as of 
30 June 2020 incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (https://www.vig.com/fileadmin/web/Inves-
tor_Relations/Downloads/Zwischenberichte_InterimReports/2020/200826_-_VIG_Half-year_financial_re-
port_2020.pdf);  
vii. 
the Issuer's articles of association (https://www.vig.com/en/investor-relations/corporate-governance/articles-of-as-
sociation.html); and 
viii. 
an electronic version of this Base Prospectus and electronic versions of any supplement to this Base Prospectus 
(https://www.vig.com/en/investor-relations/bonds). 
ROUNDING ADJUSTMENTS  
The numerical information set forth in this Base Prospectus has been rounded for ease of presentation. Accordingly, in 
certain cases, the sum of the numbers or percentages in a column in a table may not conform to the total figure given for 
that column. In addition, certain figures in this document have been rounded to the nearest whole number or to one decimal 
place. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement that does 
not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts 
not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such 
as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" and similar terms 
and phrases, including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Base Prospectus 
containing information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding VIG Group's business and manage-
ment, its growth and profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the Issuer make 
to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors 
which could cause actual results, including VIG Group's financial condition and results of operations, to differ materially 
from and be worse than results that have expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking

--- Page 10 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
10 | 136 
statements. VIG Group's business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking 
statement, estimate or prediction in this Base Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are strongly ad-
vised to read the following sections of this Base Prospectus: "I. Risk Factors", "VI. Description of the Issuer and VIG Group" 
and "VII. Business Overview". These sections include more detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact on 
VIG Group's business and the markets in which it operates.  
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Base Prospectus may not occur. In 
addition, neither the Issuer, the Arranger nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by law, to update any 
forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or developments. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
Certain terms used in this Base Prospectus and financial measures as well as financial ratios presented in this Base 
Prospectus, including financial measures and financial ratios presented in the documents incorporated by reference are 
not recognised financial measures under International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union 
("IFRS") ("Alternative Performance Measures") and may therefore not be considered as an alternative to the financial 
measures defined in the accounting standards in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Issuer 
has provided these Alternative Performance Measures because it believes they provide investors, securities analysts and 
other interested parties with additional information to assess the operating performance and financial standing of VIG 
Group's business activities. The definition of the Alternative Performance Measures may vary from the definition of identi-
cally named alternative performance measures used by other companies. The Alternative Performance Measures of VIG 
Group presented by the Issuer should not be considered as an alternative to measures of operating performance or finan-
cial standing derived in accordance with IFRS. These Alternative Performance Measures have limitations as analytical 
tools and should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes for the analysis of the consolidated results or liabilities as 
reported under IFRS. 
For further information, please see "Description of the Issuer and VIG Group –Selected Financial Information and Alterna-
tive Performance Measures ".

--- Page 11 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
11 | 136 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
3 
FULL INFORMATION 
3 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
3 
NOTICE 
3 
VIG SUSTAINABILITY BOND FRAMEWORK / ESG-NOTES 
4 
SOURCES OF INFORMATION 
5 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
5 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
5 
PRIIPS REGULATION / EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
6 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
6 
BENCHMARK REGULATION / STATEMENT IN RELATION TO ADMINISTRATOR'S REGISTRATION 
6 
STABILISATION 
6 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
7 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
9 
ROUNDING ADJUSTMENTS 
9 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
9 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
10 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
11 
I. 
THE NOTES 
13 
1. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROGRAMME 
13 
2. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE NOTES 
13 
II. 
RISK FACTORS 
17 
1. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE INSURANCE INDUSTRY 
17 
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE BUSINESS OF VIG GROUP 
21 
3. 
RISKS RELATING TO REGULATION AND LEGISLATION 
26 
4. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE STRUCTURE OF THE NOTES 
28 
5. 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH ESG-NOTES 
35 
6. 
RISKS RELATING TO NOTES GENERALLY 
36 
III. 
PROGRAMME TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
40 
OPTION I – TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTES WITH A FIXED INTEREST RATE 
40 
OPTION II – TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EURO DENOMINATED NOTES WITH A FLOATING INTEREST RATE 51 
OPTION III – TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EURO-DENOMINATED DATED SUBORDINATED NOTES WITH A 
FIXED TO FLOATING INTEREST RATE 
66 
IV. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
89

--- Page 12 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
12 | 136 
PART A. – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
90 
PART B. – OTHER INFORMATION 
95 
V. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
98 
VI. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND VIG GROUP 
99 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
99 
2. 
BACKGROUND AND HISTORY 
99 
3. 
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 
100 
4. 
FINANCIAL YEAR AND AUDIT 
100 
5. 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND CERTAIN ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 100 
VII. BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
103 
1. 
MARKETS 
103 
2. 
STRATEGY 
108 
3. 
MANAGEMENT PRINCIPLES 
108 
4. 
MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES AND ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
109 
5. 
CREDIT RATINGS 
111 
6. 
INVESTMENT STRATEGY AND PRINCIPAL INVESTMENTS 
111 
7. 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
112 
8. 
SOLVENCY II AND OWN FUNDS 
113 
9. 
SUSTAINABILITY 
115 
10. 
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
116 
11. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
116 
12. 
RECENT EVENTS, TRENDS AND OUTLOOK 
117 
VIII. ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
121 
1. 
MANAGEMENT BOARD 
121 
2. 
SUPERVISORY BOARD 
124 
3. 
POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
126 
4. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE 
126 
5. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDER OF THE ISSUER 
126 
IX. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
128 
GLOSSARY AND LIST OF ABBREVIATIONS 
130

--- Page 13 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
13 | 136 
I. 
THE NOTES 
1. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROGRAMME 
Under the Programme, VIG, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time 
issue notes (the "Notes"). The Issuer may from time to time appoint any institution as a Dealer in relation to a single 
Tranche or in respect to the Programme. Any reference in this Base Prospectus to "Dealer(s)" means Erste Group Bank 
AG and any additional Dealer in respect of the Programme or a single Tranche who is appointed as a Dealer under the 
Programme Agreement dated 16 March 2021 between Erste Group Bank AG and the Issuer (the "Programme Agree-
ment"). 
Erste Group Bank AG acts as arranger and Dealer in respect of the Programme (the "Arranger"). 
Erste Group Bank AG will act as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent") and paying agent (the "Paying Agent"). 
Erste Group Bank AG will act as listing agent (the "Listing Agent"). 
Erste Group Bank AG will act as calculation agent (the "Calculation Agent"). 
The Notes issued under this Base Prospectus will be issued as senior ranking debt notes with fixed interest rate (the 
"Senior Fixed Rate Notes"), senior ranking debt notes with floating interest rate (the "Senior Floating Rate Notes", 
together with the Fixed Rate Senior Notes the "Senior Notes") or dated Tier 2 notes with a fixed to floating interest rate 
(the "Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes"). 
Notes will be issued in Series having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in 
respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes 
of that Series. Each Series may be issued in Tranches on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each 
Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, with the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes set forth below 
(the "Terms and Conditions") and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal 
amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the Final 
Terms. 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular Tranche of Notes 
(the "Conditions"). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as further specified by 
the Final Terms as described below. 
2. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE NOTES 
(a) 
Options for Sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final Terms provide for the 
Issuer to choose between the following options: 
− 
Option I – Terms and Conditions for Senior Fixed Rate Notes, 
− 
Option II – Terms and Conditions for Senior Floating Rate Notes, and 
− 
Option III – Terms and Conditions for Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes. 
The Final Terms shall determine which of the options as described herein shall be applicable to the individual issue of 
Notes. Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of the options as described herein contains also certain further options 
(characterized by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and explanatory notes set out in square 
brackets within the text of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus) as well as place-
holders (characterized by square brackets which include the relevant items) which will be determined by the Final Terms 
as follows: 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating the relevant provisions 
in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the respective sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions 
as set out in the Base Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not refer to an alternative or optional provision or such alternative

--- Page 14 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
14 | 136 
or optional provision is not replicated therein it shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions will 
be completed. In the case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions, taken together, 
shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be completed by the information 
contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. 
All instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions and 
any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
(b) 
Use of proceeds of ESG-Notes 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be issued as ESG-
Notes as well as the allocation of the amount equal to the net proceeds of the ESG-Notes to ESG-projects that meet the 
eligibility criteria defined in the VIG Sustainability Bond Framework. 
(c) 
Listing and trading 
Application may be made for the Programme and/or the Notes to be admitted to the Official Market (Amtlicher Handel) of 
the Vienna Stock Exchange (Wiener Börse) (the "Market"). References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and 
all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the Market. The Market is a regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
(d) 
Terms and conditions of the offer, offer period 
The offer of Notes under the Base Prospectus is not subject to any conditions. The relevant Final Terms must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus and its supplement(s) (if any). 
Issues of Notes may be offered permanently as tap issues (Daueremissionen) without a pre-determined end of the sub-
scription period, where Notes may be issued during most of their term at a price determined and adjusted from time to time 
by the Issuer. The result of the offer will not be made public prior to the closing of the issue. Usually, a notification of the 
maximum amount to OeKB CSD will be made. 
Alternatively, issues of Notes may be offered permanently as tap issues (Daueremissionen) with a pre-determined end of 
the subscription period in one or several Series, with different features, at a fixed price plus an issuing premium. When the 
respective subscription period has ended, the Notes will be sold over-the-counter. 
The invitation to prospective investors to make offers for the subscription of Notes is carried out by the Issuer and distribu-
tion partners, if any. An offer to subscribe for Notes may be made by an investor to the Issuer or the Issuer's distribution 
partners, if any, during substantially the whole (or part of the) term of the Notes at the discretion of the Issuer. The Issuer 
retains the right to accept or reject subscription offers, in whole or in part. The investor is not notified of the amount allotted 
other than by the entry of the Notes in his securities account. 
In general, no maximum amount of application will be set by the Issuer. Basically, there is no possibility to subsequently 
reduce placed subscriptions. Thus, a refund of amounts paid in access is not applicable. 
(e) 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a discount or premium to their principal amount (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms). The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined before filing the relevant 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on then prevailing market conditions. Where for a particular Tranche of Notes the 
issue price or the aggregate principal amount is not fixed at the time of issue, the relevant Final Terms shall describe the 
procedures for calculation and publication of such information. The issue price for Notes issued in tap issues shall be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms at the start of their term and thereafter shall be fixed by the Issuer continuously 
according to market conditions prevailing from time to time. In such case, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes may 
increase from time to time upon subscriptions being made, and the Issuer will in such case specify on the issue date the 
upper limit of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 15 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
15 | 136 
(f) 
Currency of the Notes 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes may be issued in any currency. The currency 
of the Notes which is applicable to a particular Series and, if applicable, Tranche will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(g) 
Denomination 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 100,000, 
and, if in any currency other than euro, an amount in such other currency at least equivalent to EUR 100,000 at the time 
of the issue of Notes. The principal amount of the Notes, which is applicable to a particular Series and, if applicable, 
Tranche will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) 
Maturity 
Notes will be issued with such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by any laws, regulations and directives 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant currency. The maturities of the Notes which are applicable to a particular Series 
and, if applicable, Tranche will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Delivery and payment of the Notes 
Delivery and payment of the Notes will be made on or before the issue date for each Tranche. On or before the issue date 
for each Tranche the Global Note representing bearer notes shall (or in the case of Notes listed on the Vienna Stock 
Exchange will) be deposited with or on behalf of OeKB CSD and any successor in such capacity. 
(j) 
Clearing System and form and delivery 
The Notes may be cleared through OeKB CSD (and may be settled through Euroclear and Clearstream). The Issuer does 
not assume any responsibility as to whether the Notes are actually transferred to the securities portfolio of the relevant 
investor. The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) any other identification number 
for each Tranche of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(k) 
Restrictions on the free transferability of the Notes 
The Notes are freely transferable in accordance with applicable law and the applicable rules of the clearing system. 
(l) 
Ranking of the Notes 
The Senior Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves 
and pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for any obligations required to 
be preferred by mandatory provisions of law. 
The Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Notes constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer which, in the 
event of the liquidation, dissolution, or insolvency of the Issuer, or composition or any other proceedings for the avoidance 
of insolvency against, the Issuer, rank (i) senior to all present or future obligations of the Issuer under instruments which, 
pursuant to their terms or mandatory provisions of law rank, junior to the Notes; (ii) pari passu among themselves and pari 
passu with present or future obligations of the Issuer under instruments which, pursuant to their terms or mandatory pro-
visions of law rank, pari passu with the Issuer's obligations under the Notes and (iii) junior to the Issuer's senior ranking 
obligations (as further defined and described in the Terms and Conditions), so that in any such event the claims of the 
holders under the Notes (the "Holders" and each a "Holder") will be satisfied after (but only after) the claims of all holders 
of the Issuer's senior ranking obligations. In any such event, Holders will not receive any amounts payable in respect of 
the Notes until the claims of all Issuer's senior ranking obligations have first been satisfied in full.

--- Page 16 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
16 | 136 
(m) 
Consents and approvals, resolutions in respect of the issue of the Notes 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Austria in connection with the issue and 
performance of Notes. Tranches of Notes will be issued under the Programme in accordance with internal approvals, as 
in force from time to time. 
(n) 
Applicable law, place of performance and place of jurisdiction 
The Notes will be governed by Austrian law except for its conflict of law rules as far as such rules would lead to the 
application of foreign law. 
The competent Austrian courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in connection 
with any Notes (including any legal action or proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with Notes).  
(o) 
Expenses and taxes 
The relevant Final Terms will specify, if applicable, the kind and amount of fees charged to the subscriber or purchaser.

--- Page 17 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
17 | 136 
II. 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below which are specific to its business represent the principal risks inherent 
in investing into the Notes as at the date of this Base Prospectus. If any or a combination of these risks actually occurs, 
the business, prospects, shareholders' equity, net assets, financial condition and results of operations (Vermögens-, Fi-
nanz- und Ertragslage) or general affairs of the Issuer or VIG Group could be materially and adversely affected. This could 
result in the Issuer being unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes or materially 
and adversely affect the trading price of the Notes in which case holders of the Notes could lose all or part of their invest-
ment. 
Prospective investors should note that the risks summarised in this section are the risks that the Issuer believes to repre-
sent the principal risks inherent in investing into the Notes, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with the Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by 
the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which the Issuer may not currently be able to anticipate. 
As the risks which the Issuer faces relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future, 
prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any 
documents which are incorporated by reference herein) and form their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The following risk factors are organized in categories depending on their respective nature. In each category the most 
material risk factors, based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact, are 
mentioned first. Unless expressly indicated otherwise in the relevant risk factor, risks summarized below for VIG Group are 
equally specific to the Issuer as VIG Group's ultimate parent. 
Capitalised terms used in this section have the definitions ascribed to them in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as 
appropriate, unless otherwise defined in this Base Prospectus. 
1. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE INSURANCE INDUSTRY  
The COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects VIG Group's business and the global economy more widely. 
On 11 March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a global pandemic. Governments 
around the world have imposed a number of measures designed to contain the outbreak, including business closures, 
travel restrictions, lockdown orders, governmental curfews and prohibition of gatherings and events. The spread of COVID-
19 has resulted in a sharp economic downturn in countries in which VIG Group operates and the global economy more 
widely, as well as causing increased volatility and declines in financial markets. If the COVID-19 pandemic is prolonged, 
or further diseases emerge that give rise to similar effects, the adverse impact on the global economy could be deepened 
and result in further declines in financial markets. 
Declines in financial markets due to COVID-19 had the most significant impact on VIG Group. A range of factors caused 
by COVID-19 including the weaker performance and liquidity of investment markets, interest rate movements and inflation 
influence the value of, and income from, these investment assets. A reduction in the value of these assets relative to 
contracted obligations or targeted returns will directly or indirectly affect reported financial results and solvency of VIG 
Group. Temporary closure of markets as well as uncertainty, fluctuations or negative trends in international economic and 
investment prospects could adversely impact VIG Group's ability to execute hedging strategies that strive to match profiles 
of VIG Group's asset and liability cash flows and could negatively impact on the value of investments. 
As an insurer, VIG Group may be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic also through its general insurance products pri-
marily as a result of adverse claims experience arising from disruption to business and travel insured by VIG Group; its life 
protection products as a result of increased mortality; savings products as a result of potentially lower future premiums and 
higher future outflows; and income protection, critical illness and health insurance products as a result of increased mor-
bidity. The COVID-19 pandemic may also result in increased operational risk through enforced remote working, staff ab-
sences for sickness and childcare, market volatility and through VIG Group's outsourcing arrangements impacting the 
quality and continuity of service to customers and the reputation of VIG Group, as well as increasing VIG Group's exposure 
to risks relating to extensive working from home including damages due to cyber-crime, data loss and occupational health.

--- Page 18 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
18 | 136 
As a result, the business, results of operations, corporate reputation and financial condition of VIG Group could be ad-
versely impacted for a substantial period of time. 
Changes in interest rates may reduce the yield on invested assets, cause policyholders to surrender their con-
tracts, reduce the value of VIG Group's investment portfolio and may have an adverse impact on its asset and 
liability matching, which could adversely affect its results of operation and financial condition. 
Interest rate risk has an impact on VIG Group's profitability, on VIG Group's spread relative to its contractual obligations, 
and on the diversity of VIG Group's investment portfolio. If interest rates remain below historical averages for an extended 
period of time and reduce further, investing activity would decrease the portfolio yield, as long as market yields remain 
below the current portfolio level, resulting in lower net investment income in future periods and adversely impacting VIG 
Group's profitability. Conversely, any significant increases in market interest rates could increase surrenders of life insur-
ance policies and contracts, as policyholders seek higher guaranteed minimum and overall returns. This could arise in the 
future if the accommodative monetary policies of central banks, in particular the European Central Bank, are wound down 
or stopped. 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond VIG Group's control, including, without limitation, governmental, 
monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations, inflationary factors, fiscal 
deficits, trade surpluses or deficits and, regulatory requirements. VIG Group's exposure to interest rate risk relates primarily 
to the market price and cash flow variability of assets and liabilities associated with changes in interest rates. In particular, 
participating life insurance products are affected by changes in interest rates. VIG Group's expectations for future spreads 
is a key component in the amortisation of policy acquisition costs and significantly lower spreads may cause VIG Group to 
accelerate amortisation, thereby reducing net income in the affected reporting period.  
VIG Group's mitigation efforts are designed to ensure the maintenance of an investment portfolio with diversified maturities 
with a weighted average duration approximate to the duration of its policyholder liability cash flow profile. Notwithstanding 
these efforts, VIG Group's ability to provide matched cash flows remains uncertain, in particular in jurisdictions with less 
developed bond markets and in certain markets where regulated surrender value or maturity values are set to the prevailing 
interest rate at the time. This results in a residual asset/liability mismatch risk that can be managed but not eliminated. In 
addition, VIG Group's estimate of the liability cash flow profile may be inaccurate for other reasons, such as varying mor-
tality, morbidity or general insurance claims, and VIG Group may be forced to liquidate investments prior to maturity at a 
loss in order to cover the liability. Such a loss could have a material adverse effect on VIG Group's results of operations 
and financial condition. By way of example to illustrate such effects, a 100 bps decrease of the risk-free interest rate would 
have resulted in a drop of the solvency ratio ("SCR Ratio") by 50,0 percentage points as of 31 December 2020. At the date 
of this Base Prospectus, interest rates have slightly increased such that taking into account the observed developments in 
2021, VIG would expect that the sensitivity calculation for 2020 and the effect on VIG's financial condition is still accurate, 
however, due to increased loss-absorbing effects from profit sharing, a comparable decrease of the risk-free interest rate 
could have weaker effects now. 
Credit spread volatility may adversely affect the net unrealised value of VIG Group's investment portfolio and its 
results of operations. 
VIG Group's exposure to credit spreads primarily relates to market price variability associated with changes in credit 
spreads in its investment portfolio. These are largely held to maturity, so although VIG Group's financial statements reflect 
the market value of assets, its priority remains the management of assets and liabilities over the longer-term. Credit spread 
moves may be caused by changes in market perceptions of the creditworthiness of a company, or from market factors 
such as the market's risk appetite and liquidity. A widening of credit spreads will generally reduce the value of fixed income 
securities VIG Group holds. Conversely, credit spread tightening will generally increase the value of fixed income securities 
VIG Group holds. It can be difficult to value certain of VIG Group's securities if trading becomes less liquid. Accordingly, 
valuations of investments may include assumptions or estimates that may have significant period-to-period changes that 
could have a material adverse effect on VIG Group's consolidated results of operations or financial condition. Downturns 
in the net unrealised value of VIG Group's investment portfolio may also have a material adverse effect on VIG Group's 
balance sheet surplus as measured under Directive 2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 No-
vember 2009 on the taking-up and pursuit of the business of Insurance and Reinsurance ("Solvency II"), despite VIG

--- Page 19 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
19 | 136 
Group setting aside significant capital for credit risk. By way of example to illustrate such effects, according to the sensitivity 
calculations of VIG, a 100 bps increase of credit spreads rate for corporate bonds would result in a drop of the SCR Ratio 
of 15.3 per-centage points as of 31 December 2020. 
Losses due to defaults by counterparties, or changing market perceptions as to the risk of default could adversely 
affect the value of VIG Group's investments and reduce its profitability and shareholders' equity. 
VIG Group has significant exposure to third parties that owe it money, securities or other assets who may not perform 
under their payment obligations (credit risk). These parties include private sector and government (or government-backed) 
issuers whose debt securities VIG Group holds in its investment portfolios, borrowers under residential and commercial 
mortgages and other loans, re-insurers to which VIG Group has ceded insurance risks, customers, trading counterparties, 
and counterparties under swap and other derivative contracts. Many of these transactions expose VIG Group to the risk of 
counterparty default. By way of indication, the exposure to third parties with significant credit risk (non-investment-grade 
or not rated) added up to 3.9% of the total value of bonds in VIG Group’s balance sheet as of 31 December 2019. In 
addition, with respect to secured transactions, VIG Group's credit risk may be increased when the collateral held by it 
cannot be realised or is liquidated at prices insufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or other value due. VIG Group 
uses reinsurance and hedging programmes to hedge various risks, including certain guaranteed minimum benefits con-
tained in many of its long-term insurance and fund management products. These programmes cannot eliminate all of the 
risks and no assurance can be given as to the extent to which such programmes will be effective in reducing such risks. 
Defaults by counterparties or losses or impairments to the carrying value of collateral could have a material adverse effect 
on VIG Group's financial condition, results of operations and profitability (to the extent any collateral mechanism, if such a 
mechanism is in place, also fails). By way of example to illustrate such effects, as of 31 December 2020, a 1-in-200 year 
spread risk event according to Solvency II (i.e., for exposures towards bonds and loans) would have resulted in an eco-
nomic loss in basic own funds in the amount of EUR 1,432 million as of 31 December 2020 and a 1-in-200 year counter-
party default event (i.e., exposures resulting from cash at banks and (reinsurance) receivables) would have resulted in an 
economic loss in basic own funds in the amount of EUR 327 million, 
Falls in equity or property prices could have an adverse impact on VIG Group's investment portfolio and impact 
on its results of operations and shareholders' equity. 
VIG Group is subject to equity and property price risk due to holdings of equities and investment properties in a variety of 
locations. Downturns in equity markets will depress equity prices and have a negative impact on VIG Group's capital 
position in that unrealised losses in its net investment portfolio will increase, and its defined benefit pension scheme sur-
plus/deficit will reduce/increase as the market value of scheme assets invested in equities decreases. Downturns and 
volatility in equity markets can have a material adverse effect on the revenues and returns from VIG Group's unit-linked 
and participating business. Downturns in equity markets may also have a material adverse effect on VIG Group's regulatory 
capital surplus as measured under the Solvency II Directive. Based on the sensitivity calculations for the financial year 
2020, VIG expects a decrease in the solvency position of 2.3 percentage points in case of an 20% drop in standard equities. 
VIG Group provides certain guarantees within some of its products that protect policyholders against significant downturns 
in the equity markets. In volatile or declining equity market conditions, VIG Group may need to increase liabilities for future 
policy benefits and policyholder account balances, negatively affecting net income. For property investment, VIG Group is 
subject to risk with respect to valuation (potential bubbles in the property markets, adequacy of the property appraisals), 
counterparties (rental utilisation, tenant bankruptcy) and liquidity (properties are not as liquid as other assets)  
Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect VIG Group's results of operations and financial 
condition. 
VIG Group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign currency exchange risk arising from fluctuations in exchange 
rates of various currencies. As of 31 December 2020, VIG net assets were denominated in a variety of currencies, of which 
the largest are the euro, Czech crown and Polish zloty. In managing VIG Group's foreign currency exposures, it does not 
hedge revenues as these are substantially retained locally to support the growth of the business and meet local regulatory 
and market requirements. Nevertheless, the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on local operating results could lead to 
significant fluctuations in VIG Group's consolidated financial statements upon translation of the results into euro.  
Although VIG Group takes certain actions (hedging of expected dividend payments, currency matching on a local level) to

--- Page 20 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
20 | 136 
address this risk, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation could materially adversely affect its reported results due to 
unhedged positions or the failure of hedges to effectively offset the impact of the foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation. 
Any adverse foreign currency exchange fluctuation may also have a material adverse effect on VIG Group's regulatory 
capital surplus based on the Solvency II Directive. As of 31 December 2020, the highest net exposures towards foreign 
currencies are resulting from VIG’s participations in Czech Republic (EUR 1,189 million), Poland (EUR 468 million) and 
Romania (EUR 150 million) as well as investments in USD (EUR 187 million). 
Catastrophic events, which are often unpredictable by nature, could result in material losses and abruptly and 
significantly interrupt VIG Group's business activities and results of operations. This risk is heightened in view of 
the consequences of climate change. 
VIG Group's business is exposed to volatile natural and man-made disasters such as pandemics, hurricanes, windstorms, 
earthquakes, terrorism, riots, fires and explosions. Such events may not only affect insurance claims but could also ad-
versely impact investment markets and cause declines in the value of VIG Group's investment portfolio. Over the past 
several years, changing weather patterns and climatic conditions have added to the unpredictability and frequency of 
natural disasters in certain parts of the world and created additional uncertainty as to future trends and exposure. 
VIG Group's life insurance operations are exposed to the risk of catastrophic mortality, such as a pandemic or other event 
that causes a large number of deaths. The effectiveness of external parties, including governmental and nongovernmental 
organisations, in combating the spread and severity of such a pandemic could have a material impact on the losses expe-
rienced by VIG Group (see the risk factor above entitled "The COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects VIG Group's business 
and the global economy more widely" for discussion of the COVID-19 pandemic). 
Market conditions beyond VIG Group's control determine the availability and cost of the reinsurance protection it pur-
chases. Accordingly, VIG Group may be forced to incur additional expenses for reinsurance or may not be able to obtain 
sufficient reinsurance on acceptable terms, which could adversely affect its ability to write future business. 
Climate change may result in VIG Group's pricing being based on inadequate or inaccurate data or inappropriate assump-
tions, and may cause VIG Group to incorrectly estimate future increases in the frequency and severity of claims. As a 
result, VIG Group could under-price risks, which could negatively affect its loss ratio for general insurance business, or 
VIG Group could overprice risks, which could reduce its business volume and competitiveness. Climate change may also 
mean that it is no longer commercially viable for VIG Group and its competitors to provide flood and windstorm insurance 
cover at an affordable price to an increasing proportion of the population in the markets in which it operates and it is unclear 
what future governmental public and regulatory policy response to this market failure would be. 
VIG Group has a significant exposure to annuity business and a significant life insurance risk is associated with 
longevity. 
Longevity statistics are monitored in detail, compared with emerging industry trends, and the results are used to inform 
both the reserving and pricing of annuities. It is likely that uncertainty will remain in the development of future longevity that 
cannot be mitigated. A strengthening in the longevity assumption, either to reflect changes in the underlying life expectancy 
(for example, as a result of healthier lifestyles, improved screening programmes or increased availability or effectiveness 
of medical treatments) of the population or of VIG Group's particular portfolio used to calculate VIG Group's long -term 
business liabilities, would result in an increase in these reserves and reduce shareholders' equity. 
Adverse conditions in financial markets may adversely affect VIG Group's financial flexibility in addressing liquid-
ity needs, as well as access to, and the cost of, capital which could adversely affect its results of operations or 
financial condition. 
At Group level, VIG Group needs some of its invested assets to be liquid to pay its operating expenses, taxes, interest on 
its debt, dividends on its capital stock and to repay maturing debt. At an operational level VIG Group also needs liquidity 
and sufficient cash flow sources to meet insurance claims. Without sufficient liquidity, VIG Group could be forced to curtail 
its operations and VIG Group's business would suffer. The principal sources of VIG Group's liquidity are insurance premi-
ums, annuity considerations and cash flow from its investment portfolio and assets, consisting mainly of cash or assets 
that are readily convertible into cash. Sources of liquidity in normal markets also include a variety of short and long-term 
instruments.

--- Page 21 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
21 | 136 
VIG Group may refinance existing financing arrangements and may, in exceptional circumstances, need to seek additional 
financing to supplement liquidity available from internal resources. The availability of additional financing will depend on a 
variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit, the overall availability of credit to the financial 
services industry and the market's perception of VIG Group's financial condition. Adverse market conditions may limit VIG 
Group's ability to replace, in a timely manner, maturing debt, satisfy statutory capital requirements and generate fee income 
and market related revenue to meet liquidity needs. 
If the liquidity risk materialises, VIG Group may be forced to reduce its dividends, defer interest payments or redemptions, 
delay raising capital, issue shorter-term securities than it prefers, or bear an unattractive cost of capital which could de-
crease profitability and reduce financial flexibility. VIG Group's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows 
could be materially adversely affected. 
VIG Group is exposed to various local political, regulatory and economic conditions, business risks and chal-
lenges which may affect the demand for its products and services, the value of its investment portfolios and the 
credit quality of local counterparties. 
VIG Group offers products and services in Austria, Central, Central and Eastern, Eastern and Northern Europe through 
wholly owned and majority owned subsidiaries, joint ventures, agents and independent contractors. VIG Group's interna-
tional operations expose it to local political, regulatory, business and financial risks and challenges which may affect the 
demand for its products and services, the value of its investment portfolio, the required levels of capital and surplus, and 
the credit quality of local counterparties. These risks include, for example, political, social or economic instability in coun-
tries in which VIG Group operates, discriminatory regulation, credit risks of VIG Group's counterparties, lack of local busi-
ness experience in certain markets, and, in certain cases, risks associated with the potential incompatibility with foreign 
partners. The relevance of such risks strongly varies from country to country. While some countries in which VIG Group is 
conducting business are more likely to undergo political, economic and social changes, others are expected to be more 
stable. 
VIG Group's business could be adversely affected by this risk as VIG Group's overall success as an international business 
and the results of its operations depend, in part, upon its ability to succeed in different economic, social and political 
conditions. 
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE BUSINESS OF VIG GROUP 
VIG Group's business is conducted in highly competitive environments 
In some of its markets, VIG Group faces competitors that are comparable in size, scope and brand recognition. In other 
markets, competitors have greater financial resources or greater market share, offer a broader range of products, benefit 
from more advantageous tax treatments, or have higher bonus rates or claims paying ratios. In certain markets, VIG Group 
faces intense competition from local and international insurers that may be more established in these markets and may 
have other competitive advantages, such as greater size and breadth, which may limit VIG Group's ability to be successful 
in these markets. In addition, local laws and regulations may be tailored to domestic providers, which may pose additional 
challenges to VIG Group's business. 
VIG Group believes that competition will intensify across all regions in response to consumer demand, technological ad-
vances, the impact of consolidation, regulatory actions and other factors. VIG Group's ability to generate an appropriate 
return depends significantly upon its capacity to anticipate and respond appropriately to these competitive pressures. 
As a holding company, the Issuer is to a large extent dependent over the medium to long-term on its operating 
subsidiaries to cover operating expenses and dividend payments. 
Apart from reinsurance and international corporate business, the Issuer's principal sources of funding are dividends from 
subsidiaries, shareholder-backed funds and any amounts that may be raised through loans or the issuance of debt. VIG 
Group's insurance operations are predominantly conducted through direct and indirect subsidiaries. Certain subsidiaries 
have regulatory restrictions that may limit the payment of dividends and could prompt a decision to inject capital, which in 
some more adverse circumstances and over the longer-term could limit VIG Group's ability to pay dividends to sharehold-
ers. For example, payment of dividends by VIG Group company Kooperativa in the Czech Republic was suspended due

--- Page 22 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
22 | 136 
to the COVID-19 pandemic. In Poland, regulatory restrictions on dividend payments depending on the relevant company's 
solvency apply. Dividend payment restrictions (in particular to strengthen solvency positions) may also apply in other juris-
dictions in which VIG Group companies operate business.  
If such regulatory restrictions in the countries where the subsidiaries are domiciled tighten the amount of dividends the 
Issuer receives may fall. Any restrictions on the transferability and fungibility of capital between subsidiaries and the Issuer 
may result in an adverse impact on the liquidity situation of the Issuer and/or in restrictions to VIG Group's Solvency II own 
funds recognised to the extent these funds cannot be made available to the Issuer within nine months and thus adversely 
impact VIG Group's solvency position. 
VIG Group operates in several markets through arrangements with third parties, and this may expose it to addi-
tional risks. 
VIG Group's ability to exercise management control or influence over its partnership operations, its joint ventures and its 
investment in them depends on the terms of the legal agreements. In particular, the relationships depend on the allocation 
of control among, and continued co-operation between, the participants.  
VIG Group may also face financial or other exposure in the event that any of its partners fail to meet their obligations under 
their partnership agreements or encounter financial difficulty. Partnership agreements may also be terminated on certain 
dates or subject to certain conditions and could be subject to renewal on less favourable terms. In addition, a significant 
proportion of VIG Group's product distribution is carried out through arrangements with third parties not controlled by VIG 
Group and is dependent upon the continuation of these relationships (distribution of approximately 13% via financial insti-
tutions, approximately 49% via brokers and multi-agents, approximately 12% via other third-party distributors). The failure 
of any key vendors to fulfil their obligations could lead to operational issues for VIG Group and in certain products could 
result in financial losses for its clients and impact its results of operations. 
The most important example for such third-party arrangement is the cooperation between VIG and Erste Group Bank AG 
concerning the framework of the cooperation in Austria and CEE with respect to bank and insurance products. 
Market fluctuations may cause the value of options and guarantees embedded in some of VIG Group's life insur-
ance products to exceed the value of the assets backing their reserves, which could adversely affect VIG Group's 
results of operations or financial condition. 
Certain VIG Group companies have given guarantees and options, including interest rate and investment return guaran-
tees, in respect of certain long-term insurance products. In order to illustrate the significance of this risk: As of 31 December 
2019, the average guarantee towards customers amounts to 1.96% of the provisions in the amount of approximately 
EUR 23 billion created for future benefits. In providing these guarantees and options, VIG Group's capital position is sen-
sitive to fluctuations in financial variables, including interest rates, property values and equity prices. 
Interest rate guaranteed returns, such as those available on guaranteed annuity options, are sensitive to interest rates 
falling below the guaranteed level. Other guarantees, such as maturity value guarantees and guarantees in relation to 
minimum rates of return, are sensitive to fluctuations in the investment return below the level assumed when the guarantee 
was made. 
It is feasible that further reductions could be made to the base interest rate. Periods of significant and sustained downturns 
in equity markets, increased equity volatility or reduced interest rates could result in an increase in the valuation of the 
future policy benefits or policyholder account balance liabilities associated with such products, resulting in a reduction to 
net income. VIG Group uses certain actions (such as asset liability management) to mitigate the risks related to these 
benefits. However, VIG Group remains ultimately liable for the guaranteed benefit. 
In addition, VIG Group is subject to the risk that unanticipated policyholder behaviour or mortality, combined with adverse 
market events, produces economic losses beyond the scope of the risk management techniques employed. These, indi-
vidually or collectively, may have a material adverse effect on VIG Group's results of operations, financial condition or 
liquidity.

--- Page 23 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
23 | 136 
VIG Group's acquisitions and other corporate transactions may not realise expected benefits and may divert man-
agement attention and other resources and involve risks of undisclosed liabilities and integration issues. 
VIG Group is completing, and has completed in the past years, a number of acquisitions and VIG Group may undertake 
further acquisitions in the future. Growth by acquisition involves risks that could adversely affect VIG Group's operating 
results, including the substantial amount of management time and other resources that may be diverted from operations 
to pursue and complete acquisitions, or risks of undisclosed liabilities or integration or separation issues. Acquisition trans-
actions may not be successfully completed due to legal or other obstacles (such as refusal of antitrust approvals by com-
petent authorities). The integration of acquisitions may not be successful or in line with VIG Group's expectations and any 
acquired businesses may fail to achieve, in the near or long term, the financial results projected or the strategic objectives 
of the relevant acquisition (such as cost savings or synergies) and, once acquired, may continue to divert further manage-
ment attention and resources or necessitate changes in Group strategy. In addition, management estimates used in valuing 
and amortising deferred acquisition costs and acquired value of in-force business and actual experience may vary signifi-
cantly, if VIG Group's business does not perform well. The inability to realise expected benefits from such transactions 
may adversely affect VIG Group's results of operations.  
The determination of the amount of allowances and impairments taken on VIG Group's investments is highly 
subjective. VIG Group's process for valuing investments may include methodologies, estimations and assump-
tions which require judgement and could result in changes to investment valuations. 
The determination of the amount of allowances and impairments varies by investment type and is based upon VIG Group's 
periodic evaluation and assessment of known risks associated with the respective asset class. Such evaluations and as-
sessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available and additional impairments may need 
to be taken or allowances provided for in the future. If VIG Group's business does not perform well, it may be required to 
recognise an impairment of its goodwill or intangibles with indefinite and finite useful lives, which could adversely affect 
VIG Group's results of operations or financial condition. 
VIG Group is subject to operational risks, including the risk of direct or indirect loss resulting from inadequate or 
failed internal and external processes, systems and human error or from malicious acts by third parties or external 
events. 
VIG Group's operations are exposed to risk from potential non-compliance with policies, employee misconduct or negli-
gence and fraud, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious reputational or financial harm. VIG Group's systems 
and processes on which it is dependent to serve its customers are designed to identify appropriately and address the 
operational risks associated with its activities. However, they may nonetheless fail due to IT malfunctions, human error, 
intentional disruption through the hacking of VIG Group's IT systems, phishing attacks, planting of malware by third parties 
or by other means, business interruptions, non-performance by third parties or other external events and failure of disaster 
recovery arrangements. This could disrupt business operations resulting in material reputational damage and the loss of 
customers, and have a consequent material adverse effect on VIG Group's results of operations and financial condition. 
Although VIG Group has taken steps to upgrade systems and processes to reduce these operational risks, VIG Group 
cannot anticipate the details or timing of all possible operational and systems failures which may adversely impact its 
business. The increasing sophistication of cyber criminals and the importance of digital interaction with VIG Group's cus-
tomers to its strategy means the inherent risk of failure of its operations due to the malicious acts of third parties is expected 
to increase.  
VIG Group is reliant on IT systems and there are risks that VIG Group's current and legacy systems cannot be 
made to adapt to growth in the business or new styles of doing business. 
Key IT initiatives may not deliver what is required either on time or within budget or provide the performance levels required 
to support the current and future needs of the business. Significant resources are devoted to maintaining and developing 
IT systems to keep pace with developments within the insurance and fund management industries, reduce the risk of error 
and to maintain service levels and availability at acceptable levels. Failure to do so could result in the inability to gather 
information for pricing, underwriting and reserving, to attract and retain customers or meet regulatory requirements or only 
to do so at excessive cost. Therefore, this could have a material adverse effect on VIG Group's business, financial condi-
tion, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 24 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
24 | 136 
The use of inaccurate assumptions in pricing and reserving for insurance business may have an adverse effect 
on VIG Group's business profitability. 
There is a risk that assumptions made by VIG Group companies when pricing, underwriting and reserving in relation to the 
life insurance business may prove to be incorrect. Such assumptions are based on a number of factors including market 
data and historical experience, estimates and individual expert judgements in respect of known or potential future changes 
as well as statistical projections of what VIG Group believes will be the costs and cash flows of its assets and liabilities. 
Pricing and reserving factors include the mortality and morbidity rates of VIG Group's customers (the proportion of custom-
ers dying or falling sick or recovering from illness), the development of corporate bond yields and defaults, equity and 
property market values, interest rates, persistency rates (the proportion of customers retaining existing policies and con-
tinuing to pay premiums up to their maturity dates), the exercise by customers of options included within their policies and 
future levels of expenses. If such assumptions underlying the reserving basis were to prove incorrect, VIG Group might 
have to increase the amount of the general insurance provisions, which would adversely impact its financial condition or 
results of operations. 
VIG Group's risk management methods may leave it exposed to unidentified, unanticipated or incorrectly quanti-
fied risks, which could lead to material losses or material increases in liabilities. 
VIG Group's risk management policies, procedures and assessment methods to identify, assess and control risks to avoid 
or limit potential losses or liabilities may not be fully effective in identifying and mitigating the risk exposure of such busi-
nesses in all market environments or against all types of risk. Unanticipated or incorrectly quantified risk exposures and/or 
inadequate or incorrect responses to these risk exposures could result in a material adverse effect on VIG Group's busi-
ness, results of operations and/or financial condition. 
VIG Group employs a range of different modelling approaches are used to derive and evaluate the strategies adopted. 
The breakdown of the assumptions used in these modelling approaches, which may occur during market dislocations, 
could cause these risk mitigation strategies to be less effective than anticipated and thereby adversely affect VIG Group's 
financial condition and results of operations. 
VIG Group currently uses the reinsurance markets primarily to limit its risk, to support growth and to manage its capital 
more efficiently. VIG Group is exposed to concentrations of risk with individual reinsurers due to the nature of the reinsur-
ance market and the restricted range of reinsurers that have acceptable credit ratings. VIG Group is also exposed to any 
systemic failure in the reinsurance market. Therefore, VIG Group is exposed to disputes on, and defects in, contracts with 
its reinsurers, challenges to claims asserted against reinsurers and the possibility of default by its reinsurers. 
There is a risk that customer data could be stolen, lost or misused. 
VIG Group collects and processes significant amounts of sensitive personal data (including name, address, age, medical 
details, bank details and other personal data) from its customers, business contacts and employees. Despite the controls 
put in place, there remains a risk that this data could be stolen, lost, corrupted and/or misused as a result of an intentional 
or unintentional act by parties internal or external to VIG Group, including through the hacking of its IT systems and failure 
to adequately encrypt data. This could result in fines, the need to compensate customers, the cost of remediation and a 
negative impact on VIG Group's reputation with the consequential impact on sales volumes, persistency levels, and third-
party managed funds, and hence adversely impact its results of operations. 
VIG Group is required to comply with data protection and privacy laws and industry standards in Austria, the EU and the 
countries of residence of VIG Group's customers. This includes compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation 
(EU) 2016/679) ("GDPR"). The GDPR increases the maximum levels of fines for compliance failures to 4 per cent. of VIG 
Group's global annual turnover. 
There is a risk that data collected by VIG Group and its third-party service providers is not processed in accordance with 
notifications made to, or obligations imposed by, data subjects, regulators, or other counterparties or applicable law. Failure 
to operate effective data collection controls could potentially lead to regulatory censure, fines, reputational and financial 
costs as well as result in potential inaccurate rating of risks or overpayment of claims.

--- Page 25 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
25 | 136 
The failure to attract or retain the necessary personnel, or to keep existing personnel's skills up to date and in line 
with VIG Group's strategy, could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations and/or its businesses. 
As an international insurance group with a decentralised management structure, VIG Group relies to a considerable extent 
on the quality of local management in the countries in which it operates. The success of VIG Group operations is depend-
ent, among other things, on its ability to attract and retain highly qualified professional employees. 
Competition for such key employees is intense. VIG Group's ability to attract and retain key employees is dependent on a 
number of factors, including prevailing market conditions, working environment and compensation packages offered by 
companies competing for the same talent. 
Further, heightened competition for talented and skilled employees with local experience, particularly in the emerging, high 
growth markets, may adversely impact VIG Group by limiting its ability to grow businesses as quickly as planned. 
VIG Group is dependent on the strength of its brands and its reputation with customers and agents in the sale of 
its products and services. 
VIG Group's results are, to a certain extent, dependent on the strength of its brand and reputation. While the brands of VIG 
Group are well recognised, they are vulnerable to adverse market and customer perception. VIG Group operates in an 
industry where integrity, customer trust and confidence are paramount. VIG Group is exposed to the risk that litigation, 
employee misconduct, operational failures, the outcome of regulatory investigations, press speculation and negative pub-
licity, disclosure of confidential client information, inadequate services, amongst others, whether true or not, could impact 
its brand or reputation. VIG Group's brand and reputation could also be affected if products or services recommended by 
it (or any of its intermediaries) do not perform as expected (whether or not the expectations are realistic) or in line with the 
customers' expectations for the product range. Such events, which cannot be readily controlled, could adversely affect its 
results of operations and financial condition. 
The implementation of VIG Group's strategy may not proceed as expected. 
VIG Group's strategy, which may be revised from time to time, is based on pursuing long-term and profitable growth in 
Austria and the CEE region by identifying and seizing opportunities available to increase existing market shares, develop-
ing business from converting latent demand as well as expanding business in new market (segments). This includes both 
organic development and by means of acquisitions, particularly if an opportunity arises to strategically expand the existing 
portfolio or to capitalize on increasing economies of scale. The goal is to develop our market share to a minimum of 10% 
in Poland, Hungary, Croatia and Serbia in the medium term. Another focus continues to be on efficiency improvements, 
making use of synergies / shared services and the systematic optimization of both claims payments / handling and admin-
istration expenses to improve the bottom line. In life insurance, efforts will also be made to further promote biometric risk 
coverage and the regular premium business. 
The implementation of any such strategy, changes in strategy, adoption of any new strategy, Group reorganization and/or 
entry into new markets typically involves increased cost expenditure and could entail significant changes in VIG Group's 
business which may entail higher levels of risk or could adversely affect the results of operations, the financial condition 
and/or the credit and financial strength ratings of VIG Group. 
VIG Group may be unable to execute, or may encounter difficulties or delays in successfully executing, and, hence, not 
meet its business and strategic goals. Any such development may be caused by and be subject to the risks set out herein 
and/or caused by other factors that are currently not to be foreseen and which may be beyond VIG’s control. Failure to 
achieve any or all strategic goals, or the encounter of unexpected delay or unforeseen costs in implementing such goals, 
could adversely affect VIG Group's results of operations and, subsequently, VIG’s financial condition, resulting in an impact 
on VIG’s reputation and standing in the market place. 
VIG Group is rated by the rating agency Standard & Poor's, and a decline in this rating could affect its standing 
among customers, broker-dealers, agents, wholesalers and other distributors of VIG Group's products and ser-
vices and cause its sales and earnings to decrease. 
A rating downgrade, or the perceived potential for such a downgrade, of VIG or VIG RE zajišťovna, a. s. ("VIG Re") may, 
among other things, materially increase the number of policy surrenders and withdrawals by policyholders of cash values

--- Page 26 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
26 | 136 
from their policies, as ratings principally inform public confidence in VIG Group's products. The outcome of such activities 
may be cash payments requiring the sale of invested assets, including illiquid assets, at a price that may result in realised 
investment losses. These cash payments to policyholders would result in a decrease in total invested assets and a de-
crease in net income. Among other things, early withdrawals may also cause VIG Group to accelerate amortisation of 
policy acquisition costs, which would reduce net income. A rating downgrade may also impact sales volumes, in markets 
in which brokers focus more on ratings when evaluating similar products. A significant rating downgrade may also adversely 
impact VIG Group by increasing VIG Group's cost of borrowing or limiting its access to some forms of financing. 
3. 
RISKS RELATING TO REGULATION AND LEGISLATION 
VIG Group is exposed to legal, supervisory and regulatory risks which may impact its profitability and may subject 
it to financial penalties and adverse publicity resulting from regulatory intervention. 
VIG Group is subject to extensive laws and regulations that are administered and enforced by a number of different gov-
ernmental authorities and non-governmental agencies, including the FMA, the European Insurance and Occupational Pen-
sions Authority ("EIOPA") and other regulators. These authorities may seek to exercise their supervisory or enforcement 
authority in new or more robust ways. All of these possibilities, if they occurred, could affect the way VIG Group conducts 
its business and manages its capital, and may require VIG Group to satisfy increased capital requirements. 
Insurance regulation in Austria and the regulations that apply to VIG Group's subsidiaries are largely based on the require-
ments of EU directives. Inconsistent application of directives by regulators in different EU member states may place VIG 
Group at a competitive disadvantage to other European financial services groups. In addition, changes in the local regula-
tory regimes of designated territories could affect the calculation of VIG Group's solvency position. 
VIG Group's insurance subsidiaries and branches are subject to detailed and comprehensive government regulation in 
each of the jurisdictions in which they conduct business. Regulatory agencies have broad administrative power over many 
aspects of the insurance business, which may include premium rates, marketing and selling practices, advertising, licens-
ing agents, policy forms, capital adequacy and permitted investments. Government regulators are concerned primarily with 
the protection of policyholders rather than VIG Group's shareholders or creditors.  
The failure of any of VIG Group's subsidiaries to meet minimum capital and surplus requirements could subject VIG Group 
to further examination or corrective action imposed by insurance regulators, including limitations on its ability to write ad-
ditional business, increased supervision by regulators or the implementation of resolution plans. Any corrective action 
imposed could have a material adverse effect on VIG Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Certain subsidiaries have regulatory restrictions that may limit the payment of dividends and could prompt a decision to 
inject capital (see the risk factor above entitled "As a holding company, the Issuer is to a large extent dependent over the 
medium to long-term on its operating subsidiaries to cover operating expenses and dividend payments"). 
In Austria, VIG Group's business is subject to regulation by the FMA, which has broad powers, including the authority to 
grant, vary the terms of, or cancel a regulated firm's authorisation, to investigate marketing and sales practices, to make 
product intervention rules and to require the maintenance of adequate financial resources. The FMA has the power to 
undertake a range of investigative, disciplinary or enforcement actions, including public censure, restitution, fines or sanc-
tions and to require firms to pay compensation. The FMA may make enquiries of the companies which they regulate 
regarding compliance with regulations governing the operation of business and VIG Group faces the risk that the FMA 
could find that VIG Group has failed to comply with applicable regulations or has not undertaken corrective action as 
required. 
Outside of Austria, and in particular outside the EEA, VIG Group's businesses are regulated by local regulators that often 
have similar powers to the FMA and the exercise of these powers could therefore have a similar negative impact on 
perceptions of its businesses or have a material adverse effect on its business. 
Failure to meet regulatory capital requirements and regulatory restrictions may have material adverse effects on 
VIG Group 
Insurance companies are required to maintain a minimum level of assets (referred to as regulatory capital) in excess of

--- Page 27 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
27 | 136 
their liabilities. As of the date of this Prospectus, the relevant companies within VIG Group satisfy all of their current regu-
latory requirements in this regard. Fluctuations in the fixed income and equity markets would, however, directly or indirectly, 
affect levels of regulatory capital held by such VIG Group companies. In addition, management estimates are required in 
the derivation of Solvency II capital metrics. These include modelling simplifications to reflect that it is not possible to 
perfectly model future developments of the external environment which cannot be predicted in advance, requiring adjust-
ments to be made if and when new data emerges. 
An inability to meet regulatory capital requirements, a breach of regulatory capital requirements or a reduction of SCR 
Ratios in the future would be likely to lead to intervention by the respective regulators. This will require VIG Group to take 
steps to restore the level of regulatory capital held to acceptable levels and may result in the Issuer injecting new capital 
into its Subsidiaries which could in turn adversely affect the Issuer's capital and financial position. Moreover, regulatory 
restrictions can reduce the Issuer's ability to move capital within VIG Group which in turn can adversely affect the liquidity 
and financial position of the Issuer and VIG Group. 
If VIG Group fails to meet regulatory capital requirements or if regulatory restrictions reduce the Issuer's ability to move 
capital within VIG Group, this may have a material adverse effect on VIG Group's prospects, reputation, business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
VIG Group's regulated businesses may be subject to further extensive regulatory supervision in the future both 
in Austria and internationally 
VIG Group will not always be able to predict the impact of future legislation or regulation or changes in the interpretation 
or operation of existing legislation or regulation on its business, results of operations and financial condition. New regula-
tions or changes in existing regulations may be imposed in relation to, among others, permitted product features, conduct 
of business, underwriting practices (e.g., genetic testing), guarantees, profit sharing, personnel rules, reserving and sol-
vency. The timing and form of future changes in regulation are unpredictable and beyond VIG Group's control. For instance, 
it is unclear how the Common Framework for the Supervision of Internationally Active Insurance Groups (Comframe) of 
the International Association of Insurance Supervisors (IAIS) will finally be implemented. The ongoing review of the legal 
framework of Solvency II may lead to further changes in the insurance industry's solvency framework, minimum capital 
requirements and prudential regime as well as associated costs and impact the volume or quality of new sales or the 
profitability of in-force business. Changes in government policy, legislation or regulatory interpretation applying to compa-
nies in the insurance industries in any of the markets in which VIG Group operates, which may be applied retrospectively, 
may adversely affect the range of products offered, the terms and conditions applicable to these products (including retro-
spectively), distribution channels, capital requirements, dividends payable by subsidiaries and, consequently, results and 
financing requirements. 
From time to time, changes in the interpretation of existing tax laws, amendments to existing tax rates or the 
introduction of new tax legislation may adversely impact VIG Group's business. 
VIG Group operates in numerous tax jurisdictions around the world and faces risks associated with changes in tax law, 
interpretation of tax law, changes in tax rates and the risk of failure to comply with procedures required by tax authorities. 
Failure to manage tax risks could lead to an additional tax charge or a financial penalty. 
If, as a result of a particular tax risk materialising, the tax costs associated with certain transactions are greater than 
anticipated, it could affect the profitability of those transactions. 
There are also specific rules governing the taxation of policyholders. VIG Group is unable to predict accurately the impact 
of future changes in tax law on the taxation of life insurance and pension policies in the hands of policyholders. Amend-
ments to existing legislation, particularly if there is the withdrawal of any tax relief, or an increase in tax rates, or the 
introduction of new rules, may affect the future long-term business and the decisions of policyholders. The impact of such 
changes upon VIG Group might depend on the mix of business in-force at the time of such change. 
The design of life insurance products takes into account a number of factors, including risks and taxation and is based on 
the tax legislation in force at that time. Changes in tax legislation or in the interpretation of tax legislation may therefore, 
when applied to such products, have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the relevant long-term business 
fund of the company in which the business was written.

--- Page 28 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
28 | 136 
Changes to IFRS generally or specifically for insurance companies may materially adversely affect the reporting 
of VIG Group's financial results. 
VIG Group's accounts are prepared in accordance with the current IFRS applicable to the insurance industry. Changes to 
IFRS for insurance companies have been proposed in recent years and further changes may be proposed in the future. 
IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts, published by the International Accounting Standards Board (the "IASB") will be effective 
from 1 January 2023. This new standard introduces significant changes to the statutory reporting of insurance entities that 
prepare financial statements according to IFRS, changing the presentation and measurement of insurance contracts, in-
cluding the effect of technical reserves and reinsurance on the value of insurance contracts. Field testing identified im-
portant issues with the current standard which are now being re-deliberated by the IASB.  
Given the current stage of VIG Group's implementation of IFRS 17, any change or modification of IFRS accounting policies, 
such as in connection with the implementation of IFRS 17 requirements to amend the reporting standards for insurance 
entities who prepare accounts to IFRS, may require a change in the reporting basis of future results or a restatement of 
reported results. The effect of changes required to VIG Group's accounting policies as a result of implementing the new 
standard is currently being considered but these changes can be expected to, among other things, alter the timing of IFRS 
profit recognition, costs and distributable reserves and impact VIG Group's reported results of operations and financial 
position. VIG Group has chosen the deferral approach for the IFRS 9 and therefore this standard will be effective from 
1 January 2023. This standard changes the way financial assets (and liabilities) are recognized and measured may lead 
to a higher volatility in VIG Group's financial statements. The fact that both standards (IFRS 9 and IFRS 17) will become 
effective at the same time increases the risk that the both asset and liability portfolios are not well balanced and further 
increase the volatility of the reported results. 
VIG Group is involved in various legal proceedings, regulatory investigations and examinations and may be in-
volved in more in the future. 
VIG Group has been named as defendants in lawsuits. VIG Group has been subject to regulatory investigations or exam-
inations in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. These actions arise in various contexts, including in connection 
with VIG Group's activities as an insurer, employer, investor and taxpayer. Lawsuits and investigations may also arise 
which could seek significant or unspecified amounts of damages and certain of the regulatory authorities involved in these 
proceedings have substantial powers over the conduct and operations of VIG Group's business. 
Due to the nature of certain of these lawsuits and investigations, VIG Group cannot make an estimate of loss or predict 
with any certainty the potential impact of these lawsuits or investigations. In the course of conducting insurance business, 
VIG Group receives general insurance liability claims, and becomes involved in actual or threatened related litigation aris-
ing therefrom, including claims in respect of pollution and other environmental hazards. Given the significant delays that 
are experienced in the notification of these claims, the potential number of incidents that they cover and the uncertainties 
associated with establishing liability and the availability of reinsurance, the ultimate cost cannot be determined with cer-
tainty. 
Additionally, it is possible that a regulator in one of VIG Group's major markets may conduct a review of products previously 
sold, either as part of an industry-wide review or specific to it. The result of this review may be to compensate customers 
for losses they have incurred as a result of the products they were sold. 
All of the above could adversely impact VIG Group's results of operations or financial condition. 
4. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE STRUCTURE OF THE NOTES 
Risks relating to the fixed interest rate 
Holders of Senior Fixed Rate Notes are exposed to the risk that the market price of such Notes falls as a result of 
changes in the Market Interest Rate.  
A Holder of Senior Fixed Rate Notes is exposed to the risk that the market price of such Senior Fixed Rate Notes may fall 
because of changes in the Market Interest Rate. While the nominal interest rate (i.e. the coupon) of the Senior Fixed Rate 
Notes is fixed, the interest rate on the capital market for issues of the same maturity (the "Market Interest Rate") typically

--- Page 29 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
29 | 136 
changes on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of the Senior Fixed Rate Notes typically changes 
in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of the Senior Fixed Rate Notes typically falls. If 
the Market Interest Rate falls, the price of the Senior Fixed Rate Notes typically increases. Holders should be aware that 
movements of the Market Interest Rate can adversely affect the price of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes and can 
lead to losses for the Holders.  
Holders should also be aware that the Market Interest Rate has two components, namely the risk-free rate and the credit 
spread. The credit spread is reflective of the yield that investors require in addition to the yield on a risk-free investment of 
equal tenor as a compensation for the risks inherent in the Senior Fixed Rate Notes. The credit spread changes over time 
and can decrease as well as increase for a large number of different reasons. The Market Interest Rate of the Senior Fixed 
Rate Notes can change due to changes of the credit spread, the risk-free rate, or both. 
Risks relating to the floating interest rate 
Holders of Senior Floating Rate Notes may be exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels which make it 
impossible to determine the yield of such Notes in advance, and are exposed to the risk of uncertain interest 
income.  
The floating rate applicable to the Senior Floating Rate Notes for each Floating Rate Interest Period is based on two 
components, namely a Reference Rate, which will be, subject to the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the EURIBOR 
referring to the applicable number of months as specified in the relevant Final Terms and a margin (the "Margin"), subject 
to a minimum for the applicable floating rate of 0.00 per cent. per annum. The Floating Rate Interest Payment Dates in 
each year will depend on the respective number of months the applicable EURIBOR rate is referring to, and the applicable 
rate will be determined immediately prior to any Floating Rate Interest Period based on the then prevailing applicable 
EURIBOR rate. The Margin will be fixed prior to the issue date of the Senior Floating Rate Notes and will apply to any 
Floating Rate Interest Period. 
For risks relating to a possible replacement of the benchmark used as the Reference Rate, please refer also to "Risks 
relating to the reform of EURIBOR and possible replacement of EURIBOR" below. 
Holders should be aware that the floating rate interest income is subject to changes to the EURIBOR rate as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and therefore cannot be anticipated. Hence, Holders are not able to determine a definite yield to 
maturity of the Senior Floating Rate Notes at the time they acquire them, so that their return on investment cannot be 
compared with that of investments in fixed rate instruments (i.e. instruments with a coupon that is fixed until maturity). 
Because the Margin will be fixed prior to the issuance of the Senior Floating Rate Notes, Holders are moreover subject to 
the risk that the Margin does not reflect the market spread that investors require in addition to EURIBOR rate as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as a compensation for the risks inherent in the Senior Floating Rate Notes.  
Furthermore, during each Floating Rate Interest Period, it cannot be ruled out that the price of the Senior Floating Rate 
Notes may fall as a result of changes in the current Market Interest Rate, as the Market Interest Rate fluctuates. During 
each of these periods, the investor is exposed to the same risk as described under "Risks relating to the fixed rate interest 
applicable until the First Reset Date" below. 
Risks relating to the reform of EURIBOR and possible replacement of EURIBOR 
The EURIBOR used as benchmark to determine amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such financial 
instruments is the subject of ongoing regulatory scrutiny and proposals for reform. Separate workstreams are underway in 
Europe to reform EURIBOR using a hybrid methodology and to provide a fallback by reference to a euro risk-free rate 
(based on a euro overnight risk-free rate as adjusted by a methodology to create a term rate). The EMMI was granted 
authorisation on 2 July 2019 for the administration of EURIBOR and the European Central Bank published €STR (Euro 
Short-Term Rate) for the first time on 2 October 2019. In addition, on 21 January 2019, the euro risk free rate working 
group published a set of guiding principles for fallback provisions in new euro denominated cash products (including 
bonds). The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it did in the 
past and may have other consequences that cannot be predicted.

--- Page 30 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
30 | 136 
The Terms and Conditions of the Senior Floating Rate Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating 
Rate Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that the EURIBOR (including any page on which such 
benchmark may be published (or any successor service) becomes unavailable.  
Investors should be aware that, if the EURIBOR were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the interest rate on 
Senior Floating Rate Notes (or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes after the First Reset Date) will be determined for the relevant 
period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes.  
If a Benchmark Event (as such term defined in the Terms and Conditions) occurs, the Issuer shall endeavour to appoint 
an independent adviser, which must be an independent financial institution of international repute or other independent 
financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets. Such independent adviser will be tasked with determining 
whether an officially recognised successor rate to the discontinued EURIBOR exists. If that is not the case, the independent 
adviser will attempt to find an alternative rate which, possibly after application of adjustments or spreads, can replace the 
discontinued EURIBOR. If the independent adviser determines a successor rate or alternative rate (the "New Benchmark 
Rate"), such rate will replace EURIBOR for purposes of determining the relevant rate of interest. Such determination will 
be binding for the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Holders of such Notes. Any 
amendments pursuant to these fallback provisions will apply with effect from the effective date specified in the Terms and 
Conditions. 
If the Issuer fails to appoint an independent adviser or if the adviser fails to determine a New Benchmark Rate prior to the 
relevant interest determination date, the reference rate applicable to the immediately following interest period shall be the 
reference rate applicable as at the last preceding interest determination date. Any subsequent interest period may be 
subject to the subsequent operation of the fallback provisions.  
The replacement of the EURIBOR could have adverse effects on the economic return of the Holders of the relevant Notes 
compared to the applicable EURIBOR. 
Risks relating to the fixed to floating interest rates 
Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate. A Holder 
bears the risk that after such conversion, the new interest rate may be lower than the then prevailing interest rates 
or the spread on the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than the then prevailing spreads 
on comparable floating rate notes relating to the same reference rate(s).  
Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate. The conversion 
of the interest rate will affect the market price of the Notes. If the interest rate converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
the spread on such Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate notes relating 
to the same reference rate(s). In addition, the new floating rate may at any time be lower than the interest rates payable 
on other Notes. Furthermore, the risks set out above with regard to Senior Fixed Rate Notes also apply in relation to the 
period for which a fixed rate of interest is being paid and the risks set out above with regard to Floating Rate Notes also 
apply in relation to the period for which a floating rate of interest is being paid.  
Risks relating to the fixed rate interest applicable until the First Reset Date 
During the time the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a fixed rate (from and including the respective issue 
date to but excluding the First Reset Date), Holders are exposed to the risk that the price of such Tier 2 Fixed to Floating 
Rate Notes may fall because of changes in the Market Interest Rate. While the nominal interest rate (i.e. the coupon) of 
the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes is fixed until, but excluding, the First Reset Date, the Market Interest Rate typically 
changes on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes typically 
changes in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
typically falls. If the Market Interest Rate falls, the price of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes typically increases. 
Holders should be aware that movements of the Market Interest Rate can adversely affect the price of the Tier 2 Fixed to 
Floating Rate Notes and can lead to losses for the Holders.  
Holders should also be aware that the Market Interest Rate has two components, namely the risk-free rate and the credit 
spread. The credit spread is reflective of the yield that investors require in addition to the yield on a risk-free investment 
of equal tenor as a compensation for the risks inherent in the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes. The credit spread

--- Page 31 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
31 | 136 
changes over time and can decrease as well as increase for a large number of different reasons. The Market Interest 
Rate of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes can change due to changes of the credit spread, the risk-free rate, or 
both. 
Holders of Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may be exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels which 
make it impossible to determine the yield of such Notes in advance, and are exposed to the risk of uncertain 
interest income. 
If the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes are not called during the period from and including either 3 or 6 months or such 
other date as specified in the relevant Final Terms prior to the First Reset Date to and including the First Reset Date 
(provided that such a par call is applicable for a particular Series of Notes), the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes will 
bear interest at a floating rate from and including the First Reset Date to but excluding the first Floating Rate Interest 
Payment Date and thereafter from and including each Floating Rate Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next 
following Floating Rate Interest Payment Date until the Final Maturity Date (excluding). 
The floating rate applicable to the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes for each Floating Rate Interest Period is based on 
two components, namely a Reference Rate, which will be, subject to the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the EURIBOR 
referring to the applicable number of months as specified in the relevant Final Terms and the Margin, subject to a minimum 
for the applicable floating rate of 0.00 per cent. per annum. The Floating Rate Interest Payment Dates in each year will 
depend on the respective number of months the applicable EURIBOR rate is referring to, and the applicable rate will be 
determined immediately prior to any Floating Rate Interest Period based on the then prevailing applicable EURIBOR rate. 
The Margin will be fixed prior to the issue date of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes and will apply to any Floating 
Rate Interest Period. 
For risks relating to a possible replacement of the benchmark used as the Reference Rate, please refer also to "Risks 
relating to the reform of EURIBOR and possible replacement of EURIBOR" above. 
Holders should be aware that the floating rate interest income is subject to changes to the EURIBOR rate as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and therefore cannot be anticipated. Hence, Holders are not able to determine a definite yield to 
maturity of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes following the First Reset Date at the time they purchase them, so that 
their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments in fixed rate instruments (i.e. instruments with a 
coupon that is fixed until maturity). 
Because the Margin will be fixed prior to the issuance of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, Holders are moreover 
subject to the risk that the Margin does not reflect the market spread that investors require in addition to EURIBOR rate as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as a compensation for the risks inherent in the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes.  
Furthermore, during each Floating Rate Interest Period, it cannot be ruled out that the price of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating 
Rate Notes may fall as a result of changes in the current Market Interest Rate, as the Market Interest Rate fluctuates. 
During each of these periods, the investor is exposed to the same risk as described under "Risks relating to the fixed rate 
interest applicable until the First Reset Date" above. 
Risks relating to Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
Risks resulting from the subordination of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
The obligations under the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer which, in the event of the liquidation, dissolution, or insolvency of the Issuer, or composition or any other pro-
ceedings for the avoidance of insolvency against, the Issuer, rank (a) senior to all present or future obligations of the Issuer 
under instruments which, pursuant to their terms or mandatory provisions of law rank, junior to the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating 
Rate Notes; (b) pari passu among themselves and pari passu with present or future obligations of the Issuer under instru-
ments which, pursuant to their terms or mandatory provisions of law rank, pari passu with the Issuer's obligations under 
the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes; and (c) junior to all of the Issuer's present and future (i) unsubordinated obligations; 
and (ii) obligations subordinated by operation of law pursuant to the Applicable Insolvency Regulations; and (iii) contractu-
ally subordinated obligations under instruments which, pursuant to their terms or mandatory provisions of law rank, senior 
to the Issuer's obligations under the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes; and (iv) subordinated obligations required to be 
preferred by mandatory provisions of law (the "Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations").

--- Page 32 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
32 | 136 
In any such event the claims of the Holders under the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes will be satisfied after (but only 
after) the claims of all holders of the Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations. In any such event, Holders will not receive any 
amounts payable in respect of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes until the claims of all Issuer's Senior Ranking 
Obligations have first been satisfied in full. 
The Holders must be aware that, in the circumstances described above, (i) the Issuer will make payments in respect of the 
Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes only in accordance with the subordination described above, and (ii) the rights of the 
Holders under the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes will be subject to the Applicable Insolvency Regulations. In a liqui-
dation, dissolution, insolvency of the Issuer, or composition or any other proceedings for the avoidance of insolvency 
against, the Issuer, it is very likely that the Holders may recover proportionately less than the holders of unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer or may recover nothing at all. 
In addition to other limitations on the payment of interest, Arrears of Interest and principal (also see "Risks relating to the 
nature of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes as long-term securities including the risk of a delay of redemption" and 
"Risks relating to deferral of interest payments and restrictions on payment of Arrears of Interest" below), the Terms and 
Conditions provide that the Holders will be entitled to payments, if any, under the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes only 
once any negative equity (negatives Eigenkapital within the meaning of § 225(1) of the Austrian Enterprise Code (Un-
ternehmensgesetzbuch – UGB)) has been removed (beseitigt) or if, in the event of the liquidation of the Issuer, all other 
creditors (other than creditors the claims of which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the Tier 2 Fixed 
to Floating Rate Notes) of the Issuer have been satisfied first. 
Risks relating to the nature of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes as long-term securities including the risk of 
a delay of redemption 
The Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes are scheduled to be redeemed at par on the Scheduled Maturity Date, provided 
that on such date the Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase are fulfilled. Before that date, the Issuer has, under 
certain conditions, the right to redeem or repurchase the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, but is under no obligation to 
do so. If on the Scheduled Maturity Date the Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase are not met, redemption may be 
delayed beyond the Scheduled Maturity Date for an indefinite period of time. Therefore, Holders may receive the amounts 
due upon redemption at a much later point in time than initially expected. 
Under the Terms and Conditions, the Holders have no right to require the redemption of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate 
Notes prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, and on or following the Scheduled Maturity Date only if the Conditions to 
Redemption and Repurchase are fulfilled. 
Holders should be aware that the Terms and Conditions do not contain any event of default provisions that would allow 
Holders to accelerate the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes on the occurrence of an event of default. 
Prospective investors should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risk of an investment in the Tier 2 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes for a long period and may not recover their investment before the end of this period. 
Risks relating to a possible early redemption of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
The Issuer may redeem the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes (in whole but not in part) at its option upon giving a notice 
of redemption in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and subject to the Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase 
being fulfilled, at par plus accrued interest (as further described in the Terms and Conditions) with effect as of each Optional 
Redemption Date.  
The right of redemption at the option of the Issuer may affect the market value of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes. 
During any period when the Issuer may, or may be perceived to be able to, elect to redeem the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating 
Rate Notes, the market value of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. Certain market expectations may exist among investors in the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating 
Rate Notes with regard to the Issuer making use of its option to call the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes for redemption 
prior to their scheduled maturity. Should the Issuer's actions diverge from such expectations, or should the Issuer be 
prevented from meeting these expectations, the market value of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may be adversely 
affected.

--- Page 33 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
33 | 136 
In addition, the Issuer may prior to the first Optional Redemption Date also redeem the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
at its option, upon giving a notice of redemption in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and subject to the Conditions 
to Redemption and Repurchase being fulfilled, at any time at par plus accrued interest (as further described in the Terms 
and Conditions): 
i. 
if, an opinion of a recognised law firm has been delivered to the Issuer (and the Issuer has provided the Fiscal 
Agent with a copy thereof) stating that, as a result of any change in, or amendment or clarification to, the laws, 
regulations or other rules, or as a result of any change in, or amendment or clarification to, the interpretation or 
application, or as a result of any interpretation or application made for the first time, of any such laws, regulations 
or other rules by any legislative body, court or authority (including the enactment of any legislation and the publica-
tion of any decision of any court or authority), which change, amendment or clarification becomes effective on or 
after the date of issue of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes (including in case any such change, amendment 
or clarification has retroactive effect), (x) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay Additional Amounts pursuant 
to § 7 of the Terms and Conditions on the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, or (y) the interest expense in respect 
of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes is no longer, or will no longer be, fully deductible by the Issuer for income 
tax purposes, and that in each case this cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking such measures it (acting in good 
faith) deems reasonable and appropriate; or 
ii. 
if, a confirmation of a recognised auditing firm has been delivered to the Issuer (and the Issuer has provided the 
Principal Paying Agent with a copy thereof) stating that the Issuer, as a result of any change in or amendment to 
the Applicable Accounting Standards, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue 
of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, must not or must no longer (including in case any such change or 
amendment to the Applicable Accounting Standards or their interpretation has retroactive effect) record the obliga-
tions under the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes as liabilities on the balance sheet in the Issuer's annual consol-
idated financial statements prepared in accordance with the Applicable Accounting Standards and this cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer taking such measures it (acting in good faith) deems appropriate; or 
iii. 
if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes which would be likely 
to result, in whole or in part, in their (A) exclusion from own funds or (B) reclassification as a lower tier of own funds 
for purposes of the determination of (i) the solvency of the Issuer on an individual basis; and/or (ii) the group sol-
vency of the Issuer's Group (including the capital adequacy of internationally active insurance groups (IAIG)), pur-
suant to the Applicable Supervisory Regulations, except where this is merely the result of exceeding any applicable 
limits on the inclusion of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or of the 
Issuer's Group pursuant to the Applicable Supervisory Regulations. For the purposes of such determination it suf-
fices that the Issuer has received a corresponding communication from the Competent Supervisory Authority; or 
iv. 
if as a consequence of a change in, or clarification to, the rating methodology (or the interpretation thereof) of S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited or any respective successor, which change or clarification becomes effective on or 
after the date of issue of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, the capital treatment (including the assigned equity 
content) of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes for the Issuer or the Issuer's Group worsens in the reasonable 
opinion of the Issuer, as compared to the capital treatment (including the assigned equity content) of the Tier 2 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes for the Issuer or the Issuer's Group assigned at or around the date of issue of the Tier 
2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes; or 
v. 
if at any time the Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer has purchased Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes equal to 
or more than 80 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes initially issued 
and the aggregate principal amount of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes is reduced by this percentage in the 
global note accordingly. 
If the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes are redeemed prior to the first Optional Redemption Date, a Holder is exposed 
to the risk that due to the early redemption his investment will have a lower than expected yield and to the risks connected 
with any reinvestment of the cash proceeds received as a result of the early redemption. Such cash proceeds may be 
lower than the then prevailing market price of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
34 | 136 
Risks resulting from the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes being structured to meet the criteria to qualify as 
regulatory capital (own funds) 
The Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes are structured to meet the criteria to qualify as regulatory capital under the Solvency 
II Directive. The Terms and Conditions are drafted accordingly, implying various risks for investors. In particular, there is 
the risk that the Issuer may be obliged to defer redemption of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes beyond the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, or to defer payment of interest beyond any Interest Payment Date, whenever the Issuer and its subsidiaries 
pursuant to the Applicable Supervisory Regulations regarding the supervision of the group solvency (the "Issuer's Group") 
does not meet certain regulatory capital requirements. Moreover, due to the deep subordination of the Tier 2 Fixed to 
Floating Rate Notes there is a higher risk for investors to lose all or part of their investments. Should the Tier 2 Fixed to 
Floating Rate Notes fail to or cease to qualify as regulatory capital, there is a risk that the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate 
Notes may be redeemed prior to the First Reset Date (see also "Risks relating to a possible early redemption of the Tier 2 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes" above). 
Risks relating to deferral of interest payments and restrictions on payment of Arrears of Interest 
If a Compulsory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing on the relevant Interest Payment Date, interest which 
accrued during the period ending on but excluding such Interest Payment Date will not be due and payable (fällig) on that 
Interest Payment Date. Any such failure to pay will not constitute a default of the Issuer or any other breach of its obligations 
under the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes or for any other purpose. Interest deferred will constitute Arrears of Interest, 
with no certainty for Holders as to when these Arrears of Interest will be paid. The Issuer will only be entitled to pay Arrears 
of Interest at any time if the Conditions to Settlement, as further described in the Terms and Conditions, are fulfilled with 
respect to such payment. These restrictions also apply in the case of a mandatory settlement of Arrears of Interest, as 
further described in the Terms and Conditions. In particular, the resulting Arrears of Interest will not bear interest.  
The same applies if no Compulsory Deferral Event has occurred, and the Issuer elects in its discretion to defer the payment 
of accrued interest by giving not less than 10 and not more than 15 Business Days' prior notice to the Holders provided 
that, during the six months before the relevant Interest Payment Date, no Dividend Event has occurred.  
Holders will not receive any additional interest or compensation for the deferral of interest payments. 
Restricted remedy for non-payment  
In accordance with FMA requirements for subordinated capital, the sole remedy against the Issuer available a Joint Rep-
resentative, as the case may be, or any Holder for recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating 
Notes will be the institution of proceedings for the winding-up of the Issuer and/or proving in such winding-up or admin-
istration and/or claiming in the liquidation of the Issuer for such amounts.  
Risks relating to Senior Notes  
Senior Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer prior to maturity.  
The Issuer may redeem the Senior Notes (in whole but not in part) at its option upon giving a notice of redemption in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions, at par plus accrued interest (as further described in the Terms and Conditions) 
with effect as of each/the Optional Redemption Date.  
The right of redemption at the option of the Issuer may affect the market value of the Senior Notes. During any period when 
the Issuer may, or may be perceived to be able to, elect to redeem the Senior Notes, the market value of the Senior Notes 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. Certain market expectations may exist 
among investors in the Senior Notes with regard to the Issuer making use of its option to call the Senior Notes for redemp-
tion prior to their scheduled maturity. Should the Issuer's actions diverge from such expectations, or should the Issuer be 
prevented from meeting these expectations, the market value of the Senior Notes may be adversely affected. 
In addition, the Issuer may prior to the first Optional Redemption Date also redeem the Senior Notes at its option, upon 
giving a notice of redemption in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, at any time at par plus accrued interest (as 
further described in the Terms and Conditions): 
i. 
if, an opinion of a recognised law firm has been delivered to the Issuer (and the Issuer has provided the Fiscal

--- Page 35 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
35 | 136 
Agent with a copy thereof) stating that, as a result of any change in, or amendment or clarification to, the laws, 
regulations or other rules, or as a result of any change in, or amendment or clarification to, the interpretation or 
application, or as a result of any interpretation or application made for the first time, of any such laws, regulations 
or other rules by any legislative body, court or authority (including the enactment of any legislation and the publica-
tion of any decision of any court or authority), which change, amendment or clarification becomes effective on or 
after the date of issue of the Senior Notes (including in case any such change, amendment or clarification has 
retroactive effect), the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay Additional Amounts pursuant to § 7 of the Terms 
and Conditions on the Senior Notes, and that obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking such measures it 
(acting in good faith) deems reasonable and appropriate; or 
ii. 
if at any time the Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer has purchased Senior Notes equal to or more than 80 per 
cent of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes initially issued and the aggregate principal amount of 
the Senior Notes is reduced by this percentage in the global note accordingly. 
If the Senior Notes are redeemed prior to the first Optional Redemption Date, a Holder is exposed to the risk that due to 
the early redemption his investment will have a lower than expected yield and to the risks connected with any reinvestment 
of the cash proceeds received as a result of the early redemption. Such cash proceeds may be lower than the then pre-
vailing market price of the Senior Notes. 
The Senior Notes may not foresee an early redemption at the option of the Holders.  
In case the Final Terms do not provide for a right of the Holders of the Senior Notes to call for the early redemption of their 
Senior Notes, Holders of the Senior Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an 
investment in the preferred Senior Notes until their final maturity. 
5. 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH ESG-NOTES  
The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be issued as Notes 
issued under the VIG Sustainability Bond Framework ("ESG-Notes") Due to the envisaged use of the net proceeds (or an 
equivalent amount) from the issuance of ESG-Notes issued under the Programme in accordance with the sustainability 
bond framework of VIG Group (the "VIG Sustainability Bond Framework"), the Issuer refers to ESG-Notes issued under 
the Programme as "sustainability" bonds. The definition or nomenclature (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market 
consensus as to what constitutes or may be classified as, a "sustainable", "green" or "social” or equivalently labelled project 
or a loan that may finance such project, has, for several years, been, and continues to be, under constant development. In 
addition, it is an area which has been, and continues to be, the subject of many and wide-ranging voluntary and regulatory 
initiatives to develop rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies and objectives. 
For example, at the EU level, on 18 December 2019, the Council and the European Parliament reached a political agree-
ment on a regulation to establish a framework to facilitate sustainable development (the "Taxonomy Regulation"). On 
9 March 2020, the Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance published its final report on the EU taxonomy containing 
recommendations relating to the overarching design of the EU Taxonomy, as well as extensive implementation guidance 
on how companies and financial institutions can use and disclose against the taxonomy, including in relation to a future 
European standard for green bonds proposed by the Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance in 2019 (the "EU 
Green Bond Standard"). For the first quarter 2021, the European Commission plans to issue a proposal for a regulation 
on the EU Green Bond Standard. 
There can be no assurance by the Issuer that the VIG Sustainability Bond Framework and the use of proceeds of Notes 
issued under the Programme will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any future legislative or regulatory requirements, or 
any present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any 
investor or its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of ESG-Notes for ESG- projects in, or substantially in, the 
manner described in the section "Use of Proceeds", there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the 
subject of, or related to, any ESG- projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or

--- Page 36 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
36 | 136 
accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such ESG-
projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such ESG- projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or 
with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
In the event that ESG-Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainable", “social” 
or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no repre-
sentation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole 
or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with 
which any investor or its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary 
from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer 
or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of ESG-Notes or, if obtained, 
that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of ESG-Notes. 
The Issuer has appointed Sustainalytics to provide a Second Party Opinion on the VIG Sustainability Bond Framework. 
Such Second Party Opinion provides an opinion regarding the alignment of the VIG Sustainability Bond Framework with 
relevant market standards. The Second Party Opinion does not form part of this Base Prospectus and is only an opinion 
and not a statement of fact. The Holders will have no recourse against the provider of any Second Party Opinion. 
Investors should note that it will not constitute an event of default under the terms of ESG-Notes or trigger any kind of put 
right or entitle the investors to any additional payment under the terms of ESG-Notes, if the Issuer fails to observe the 
provisions in the Base Prospectus and the VIG Sustainability Bond Framework relating to the envisaged use of proceeds 
of ESG-Notes' intentions as regards allocation and impact reporting.  
Materialisation of any of the risks described above and in particular a negative change to, or a withdrawal of, any Second 
Party Opinion, may affect the value of ESG-Notes and may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio man-
dates to invest in green, sustainable or other equivalently labelled assets. 
6. 
RISKS RELATING TO NOTES GENERALLY 
The Notes are effectively subordinated to VIG Group's debt to the extent such debt is secured by assets that are 
not also securing the Notes. 
To the extent the Issuer provides asset security for the benefit of other debt without also securing the Notes, the Notes will 
be effectively junior to such debt to the extent of such assets. 
As a result of the foregoing, holders of any secured debt of VIG Group may recover disproportionately more on their claims 
than the Holders in bankruptcy, administration, reorganization, insolvency, receivership or similar proceedings. The Issuer 
may not have sufficient assets remaining to make payments on the Notes. 
The Notes are structurally subordinated to creditors of the Issuer's subsidiaries. 
The Notes will not be guaranteed by any of the subsidiaries of the Issuer. Generally, claims of creditors of a subsidiary, 
including trade creditors, secured creditors, and creditors holding indebtedness and guarantees issued by the subsidiary, 
will have priority with respect to the assets and earnings of the subsidiary over the claims of creditors of its parent company. 
In the event of a liquidation, winding-up or dissolution or a bankruptcy, administration, reorganization, insolvency, receiv-
ership or similar proceeding of any subsidiary of the Issuer, such subsidiary will pay the holders of its own debt (including 
holders of third-party debt which such subsidiaries have guaranteed) before they would be able to distribute any of their 
assets to the Issuer. As a result, the Issuer may not have sufficient assets to make payments on the Notes. 
The Notes are subordinated to the Issuer's obligations required to be preferred by mandatory provisions of law, 
including claims of policyholders and beneficiaries. 
In the event of the liquidation, dissolution, or insolvency of the Issuer, or composition or any other proceedings for the 
avoidance of insolvency against the Issuer, the claims of the Holders under the Notes will be satisfied after obligations 
required to be preferred by mandatory provisions of law. In any such event, Holders will not receive any amounts payable 
in respect of the Notes until the claims of all creditors of obligations required to be preferred by mandatory provisions of

--- Page 37 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
37 | 136 
law, which includes claims of policyholders and beneficiaries, have first been satisfied in full. No contractual collateral may 
be provided by the Issuer or any third person for the liabilities constituted by the Tier-2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes. 
There is a risk that trading in the Notes will be suspended, interrupted or terminated, which may have an adverse 
effect on the market price of such Notes. 
If the Notes are listed on or included in one (or more) markets (which may be regulated or unregulated), the listing or 
inclusion of such Notes may – depending on the rules applicable to such stock exchange – be suspended or interrupted 
by the respective stock exchange or a competent regulatory authority upon the occurrence of a number of reasons, includ-
ing violation of price limits, breach of statutory provisions, occurrence of operational problems of the stock exchange or 
generally if deemed required in order to secure a functioning market or to safeguard the interests of Holders. Furthermore, 
trading in the Notes may be terminated, either upon decision of the stock exchange, a regulatory authority or upon appli-
cation by the Issuer.  
Holders should note that the Issuer has no influence on trading suspension or interruptions (other than where trading in 
the Notes is terminated upon the Issuer's decision) and that Holders in any event must bear the risks connected therewith. 
In particular, Holders may not be able to sell their Notes where trading is suspended, interrupted or terminated, and the 
stock exchange quotations of such Notes may not adequately reflect the market price of such Notes. Finally, even if trading 
in Notes is suspended, interrupted or terminated, Holders should note that such measures may neither be sufficient nor 
adequate nor in time to prevent price disruptions or to safeguard the Holders' interests; for example, where trading in Notes 
is suspended after price-sensitive information relating to such Notes has been published, the market price of such Notes 
may already have been adversely affected. All these risks would, if they materialise, have a material adverse effect on the 
Holders. 
Exchange rate risks may occur, if a Holder's financial activities are denominated in a currency or currency unit 
other than the Specified Currency in which the Issuer will make principal and interest payments. Furthermore, 
government and monetary authorities may impose exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable 
exchange rate.  
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if a Holder's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit ("Holder's 
Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (in-
cluding changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Holder's Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Holder's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the 
value of the Holder's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Holder's Currency-equivalent yield 
on the Notes, (ii) the Holder's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes, and (iii) the Holder's Cur-
rency-equivalent market price of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely 
affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, Holders may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest 
or principal. 
The Notes are governed by Austrian law, and changes in applicable laws, regulations or regulatory policies may 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer, the Notes and the Holders.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes will be governed by Austrian law. Holders should thus note that the governing law 
may not be the law of their own home jurisdiction and that the law applicable to the Notes may not provide them with similar 
protection as their own law. Furthermore, the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Austrian law, or admin-
istrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus is unclear.  
Changes in tax law may negatively affect the Holders.  
Tax law and practice is subject to change, possibly with retrospective effect and this could adversely affect the market 
price of the Notes. Any such change may cause the tax treatment of the relevant Notes to change from what the purchaser 
understood the position to be at the time of purchase.

--- Page 38 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
38 | 136 
An Austrian court could appoint a trustee for the Notes to exercise the rights and represent the interests of Hold-
ers on their behalf in which case the ability of Holders to pursue their rights under the Notes individually may be 
limited.  
Pursuant to the Austrian Notes Trustee Act (Kuratorengesetz) and the Austrian Notes Trustee Supplementation Act (Ku-
ratorenergänzungsgesetz), a trustee (Kurator) could be appointed by an Austrian court upon the request of any interested 
party (e.g., a Holder) or upon the initiative of a competent court, for the purposes of representing the common interests of 
the Holders in matters concerning their collective rights to the extent the rights are endangered due to a lack of joint 
representation (e.g. if no Joint Representative is appointed). In particular, this may occur if insolvency proceedings are 
initiated against the Issuer, in connection with any amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or changes 
relating to the Issuer, or under other similar circumstances. The terms and conditions of the Notes disapply the Austrian 
Notes Trustee Act (Kuratorengesetz) and the Austrian Notes Trustee Supplementation Act (Kuratorenergänzungsgesetz). 
However, it cannot be ruled out that an Austrian court appoints a trustee because the Issuer is an Austrian company. If a 
trustee is appointed, it will exercise the collective rights and represent the interests of the Holders and will be entitled to 
make statements on their behalf which shall be binding on all Holders. Where a trustee represents the interests of and 
exercises the rights of Holders, this may conflict with or otherwise adversely affect the interests of individual or all Holders. 
The role of an appointed trustee may also conflict with provisions of the Terms and Conditions related to majority resolu-
tions of the Holders. 
The Notes are subject to optional redemption by the Issuer. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to 
redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be 
redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.  
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At 
those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as 
high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions that permit defined majorities to bind all Holders in-
cluding Holders who do not vote and Holders who vote in a manner contrary to the majority 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Holders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Holders including Holders who do not vote 
and Holders who vote in a manner contrary to the majority.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that a Joint Representative may be appointed and may, without the 
consent of Holders, agree to (i) subject (in the case of the Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes) to receiving no objection 
from the FMA, any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the 
provisions of Notes or (ii) the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer in 
each case in the circumstances described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Holders are subject to the risk of a partial or total failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption pay-
ments. 
Any person who purchases the Notes is relying on the creditworthiness of the Issuer and has no rights against any other 
person. Holders are subject to the risk of a partial or total failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption payments 
that the Issuer is obliged to make under the Notes. The worse the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the higher the risk of loss 
(see also "2. Risk Factors relating to the business of VIG Group", above). A materialisation of the credit risk may result in 
partial or total failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption payments under the Notes. 
In addition, even if the likelihood that the Issuer will be in a position to fully perform all obligations under the Notes when 
they fall due actually has not decreased, market participants could nevertheless be of that opinion. Market participants 
may in particular be of such opinion if market participants' assessment of the creditworthiness of corporate debtors in 
general or debtors operating in the insurance sector adversely change. If any of these risks materialises, third parties would 
only be willing to purchase the Notes for a lower price than before and the market value of the Notes may therefore

--- Page 39 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
39 | 136 
decrease. 
The Notes are exposed to liquidity risk. 
Application has been made to the Vienna Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Base Prospectus to be admitted to 
trading on the Official Market of the Vienna Stock Exchange. In addition, the Programme provides that Notes may not be 
listed at all. Regardless of whether Series of Notes are admitted to trading on the Market or not, there is a risk that no liquid 
secondary market for such Notes will develop or, if it does develop, that it will not continue. The fact that Notes may be 
admitted to trading on the Market (or some other market) does not necessarily lead to better liquidity as compared to 
unlisted Notes. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, however, be more difficult 
to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. 
The liquidity of a Series of Notes may also be subject to fluctuations during the term of such Notes and may deteriorate, in 
particular as a result of repurchases by the Issuer or its affiliates. 
In an illiquid market, an investor is subject to the risk that he will not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market 
prices. 
Investors have to rely on the functionality of the clearing system and there is the risk that due to the use of the 
clearing system any credits on the investors' account will not be processed, will not be processed within the time 
expected by the investor or will be delayed. 
The Notes will be purchased and sold through OeKB CSD or any other clearing system as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Investors have to rely on the functionality of the clearing system. There is the risk that due to the use of the clearing 
system any credits on the investors' account will not be processed at all, will not be processed within the time expected by 
the investor or will be delayed. Thus, the investor may suffer economic disadvantages.

--- Page 40 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
40 | 136 
III. 
PROGRAMME TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
OPTION I – TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTES WITH A FIXED INTEREST RATE 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Currency, Denomination.  This series of notes (the "Notes") is being issued by VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG 
Wiener Versicherung Gruppe (the "Issuer") in [insert specified currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the aggregate 
principal amount of [insert specified currency and aggregate principal amount] (in words: [insert aggregate principal 
amount in words]) and in the denomination of [insert specified currency and specified denomination] (the "Specified 
Denomination") each. 
(2) Form.  The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
[If Non-TEFRA with Permanent Global Note held in OeKB CSD insert 
(3) Permanent Global Note.  The Notes are represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note" or the 
"Global Note") without coupons; the claim for distribution payments under the Notes is represented by the Permanent 
Global Note. The Permanent Global Note shall be signed by or on behalf of the Issuer. Definitive Notes and coupons will 
not be issued, and the Holders (as defined in § 1(5) of these Terms and Conditions) have no right to require the printing 
and delivery of definitive Notes and/or coupons. 
(4) Clearing System.  The Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System until all obligations of 
the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. "Clearing System" means [OeKB CSD GmbH, Strauchgasse 1-3, A-1010 
Vienna, Austria ("OeKB CSD"), also for Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg, 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, LU-1855 Lux-
embourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, 
Belgium ("Euroclear") as accountholders in OeKB CSD and any successor in such capacity. 
OeKB CSD maintains a book-entry system in which the number of Notes held by each accountholder in OeKB CSD is 
recorded. Any transfer of Notes between accountholders in OeKB CSD will be recorded by OeKB CSD. OeKB CSD as 
agent of the Issuer is authorised to pass the available data on to the Issuer.] 
[specify other Clearing System]] 
[If TEFRA D with Global Notes held in the ICSDs insert: 
(3) Global Note.  The Notes will initially be represented by a temporary global bearer note (the "Temporary Global Note") 
without coupons which will be deposited with a common depositary for the Clearing System on or around the date of issue 
of the Notes. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole or in part and free of charge, for a permanent 
global bearer Note (the "Permanent Global Note" and, together with the Temporary Global Note, each a "Global Note") 
without coupons not earlier than 40 days after the date of issue of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership as required by U.S. tax law and in accordance with the rules and operating procedures of the Clearing System. 
Payments on a Temporary Global Note will only be made after presentation of such certification. No definitive Notes or 
interest coupons will be issued. 
(4) Clearing System.  Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System until all obligations 
of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. "Clearing System" means each of Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxem-
bourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear", and CBL and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together the "ICSDs" 
or any successor in respect of the functions performed by the Clearing System.] 
(5) Certain Definitions.  
"Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which (i) the Clearing System is open to settle 
payments and (ii) which is a TARGET Business Day.

--- Page 41 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
41 | 136 
"Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect 
of any Notes and having an account maintained with the Clearing System, including the Clearing System. 
"Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other comparable right in the Global Note which may be 
transferred to a new Holder in accordance with the provisions of the Clearing System. 
"TARGET Business Day" means a calendar day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement 
Express Transfer system 2 (TARGET) is operating. 
"Terms and Conditions" means these terms and conditions of the Notes. 
"United States" means the United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its 
possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana 
Islands). 
§ 2 
STATUS 
The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu 
among themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for any 
obligations required to be preferred by mandatory provisions of law. 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates.  The Notes shall bear interest on their Specified Denomination at the rate 
of [insert Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum (the "Rate of Interest") from and including [insert Interest Commence-
ment Date] (the "Interest Commencement Date").  
[In the case of a short or long first or last interest period insert: With the exception of the [first] [last] payment of 
interest, interest] [Interest] shall be payable [in the case of quarterly interest payments insert: quarterly] [in the case 
of semi-annual interest payments insert: semi-annually] [in the case of annual interest payments insert: annually] 
in arrear on [insert Interest Payment Date(s)] in each year (each such date, an "Interest Payment Date"), commencing 
on [insert first Interest Payment Date].  
(2) Calculation of Amount of Interest.  If the amount of interest payable under the Notes is required to be calculated for any 
period of time, such amount of interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified Denomination, 
multiplying such amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction (as defined below), and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest [sub-]unit of the Specified Currency, half of such [sub-]unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with the applicable market convention. 
(3) Day Count Fraction.  "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the day on which it falls due (the 
"Calculation Period"): 
[If "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" applies, insert: 
(1) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Calculation 
Period ends, the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period divided by the product of: (x) the num-
ber of calendar days in such Determination Period; and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified 
below) that would occur in any year; or 
(2) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than the Determination Period during which the Calculation Period ends, 
the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
the Calculation Period begins divided by the product of: (x) the number of calendar days in such 
Determination Period; and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in any year; and

--- Page 42 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
42 | 136 
(B) 
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period di-
vided by the product of: (x) the number of calendar days in such Determination Period; and (y) the 
number of Determination Dates that would occur in any year. 
Where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from, and including, a Determination Date to, but excluding, the 
next Determination Date (including, where the Interest Commencement Date is not a Determination Date, 
the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to the Interest Commencement Date, and where 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the first Determination Date falling after the final 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be). 
"Determination Date" means each [insert Determination Date(s)].] 
[If "Actual/365 (Fixed)" applies, insert: the actual number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 
365.] 
[If "Actual/360" applies, insert: the actual number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
[If "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" applies, insert: the number of calendar days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, the number of calendar days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 calendar days with 
twelve 30-calendar day months (unless: (1) the last calendar day of the Calculation Period is the 31st calendar day 
of a month but the first calendar day of the Calculation Period is a calendar day other than the 30th or 31st calendar 
day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last calendar day shall not be considered to be shortened 
to a 30-calendar day month; or (2) the last calendar day of the Calculation Period is the last calendar day of the 
month of February in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-calendar 
day month).] 
[If "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" applies, insert: the number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360 (the number of calendar days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 calendar days with twelve 30-
calendar day months, without regard to the date of the first calendar day or last calendar day of the Calculation 
Period unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last calendar day of the month of 
February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-calendar day 
month).] 
(4) Cessation of Interest Accrual.  The Notes shall cease to bear interest from the end of the calendar day preceding their 
due date for redemption. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall continue to accrue on the out-
standing principal amount of the Notes beyond the due date until the end of the calendar day preceding the actual redemp-
tion of the Notes. The applicable rate of interest will be determined in accordance with § 3(1) of these Terms and Condi-
tions. This does not affect any additional rights that might be available to the Holders. 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1) (a) Payment of Principal.  Payment of principal on the Notes shall be made, subject to § 4(2) below, to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
(b) Payment of Interest.  Payment of interest and any Additional Amounts on the Notes shall be made, subject to § 4(2) 
below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System. 
(2) Manner of Payment.  Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of amounts due in respect 
of the Notes shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
(3) Discharge.  The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System.

--- Page 43 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
43 | 136 
(4) Business Day Convention.  If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Business Day, 
then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next day that is a Business Day, and shall not be entitled to further 
interest or other payment in respect of such delay.2  
(5) References to Principal and Interest.  References in these Terms and Conditions to "principal" in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Notes. References in these Terms and Conditions to "interest" in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7(1) of these Terms and Conditions) which may be payable 
under § 7(1) of these Terms and Conditions. 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE 
(1) Redemption at Maturity.  To the extent not previously redeemed or repurchased, the Notes will be redeemed at their 
principal amount on [insert Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date"). 
(2) Repurchase.  Subject to applicable laws, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the 
open market or otherwise and at any price. Such acquired Notes may be cancelled, held or resold. 
(3) Redemption at the Option of the Issuer.  The Issuer may, upon giving a notice of redemption in accordance with § 5(5) 
of these Terms and Conditions, call the Notes for early redemption (in whole but not in part) with effect as of each Optional 
Redemption Date. If the Issuer exercises its call right in accordance with sentence 1, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes at 
their principal amount plus any interest accrued to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date specified in the notice but 
unpaid on the Optional Redemption Date specified in the notice. 
Where: 
"Optional Redemption Date" means [insert Optional Redemption Date(s)]. 
(4) Redemption following a Gross-Up Event or a Clean-Up Event. If a Gross-Up Event or a Clean-Up Event occurs, the 
Issuer may, upon giving a notice of redemption in accordance with § 5(5) of these Terms and Conditions, call the Notes 
for early redemption (in whole but not in part) at any time with effect as of the redemption date specified in the notice. If 
the Issuer exercises its call right in accordance with sentence 1, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes at their principal amount 
plus any interest accrued to but excluding the redemption date specified in the notice but unpaid on the redemption date 
specified in the notice of redemption. 
In the case of a Gross-Up Event, no such notice of redemption may be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be for the first time obliged to pay the Additional Amounts pursuant to § 7 of these Terms and 
Conditions if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Where: 
A "Clean-Up Event" will occur if at any time the Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer has purchased Notes equal to or 
more than 80 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes initially issued and the aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes is reduced by this percentage in the Global Note accordingly. 
A "Gross-Up Event" will occur if an opinion of a recognised law firm has been delivered to the Issuer (and the Issuer has 
provided the Fiscal Agent with a copy thereof) stating that, as a result of any change in, or amendment or clarification to, 
the laws, regulations or other rules, or as a result of any change in, or amendment or clarification to, the interpretation or 
application, or as a result of any interpretation or application made for the first time, of any such laws, regulations or other 
rules by any legislative body, court or authority (including the enactment of any legislation and the publication of any 
decision of any court or authority), which change, amendment or clarification becomes effective on or after the date of 
issue of the Notes (including in case any such change, amendment or clarification has retroactive effect), the Issuer has 
or will become obliged to pay Additional Amounts pursuant to § 7 of these Terms and Conditions on the Notes, and that 
                                                          
2 
Following business day convention unadjusted.

--- Page 44 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
44 | 136 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking such measures it (acting in good faith) deems reasonable and appropri-
ate. 
(5) Notice of redemption.  The Issuer will give not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Holders in accordance 
with § 11 of these Terms and Conditions of any redemption pursuant to § 5(3) of these Terms and Conditions and § 5(4) 
of these Terms and Conditions. In the case of a redemption in accordance with § 5(4) of these Terms and Conditions such 
notice of redemption will set forth the underlying facts of the Issuer's right to redemption and specify the date fixed for 
redemption. 
[If the Notes are not subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holders insert: 
(6) No Redemption at the Option of the Holders.  The Holders have no right to put the Notes for redemption.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holders insert: 
(6)(a) Early Redemption at the Option of the Holders.  Any Holder may, at its option, by submitting a Put Notice in accord-
ance with § 5(6)(b) demand from the Issuer redemption of any or all of its Notes which were not declared due for early 
redemption by the Issuer in accordance with § 5(3) or § 5(4), at their Specified Denomination plus accrued interest to but 
excluding the Put Redemption Date, on the Put Redemption Date specified in the Put Notice.  
"Put Redemption Date" means [insert Put Redemption Date(s)]. 
(b) Any redemption notice (a "Put Notice") will be made by means of a notice in text form to be delivered by the Holder 
through the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes to the Fiscal Agent. 
Put Notices will be irrevocable. The Put Notice must be received by the Fiscal Agent no less than [15] calendar days and 
no more than [30] calendar days prior to the Put Redemption Date specified in the Put Notice. The Put Notice must specify 
(i) the securities identification codes of such Notes, (ii) the principal amount of the Notes in respect of which such option is 
exercised, and (iii) the relevant Put Redemption Date. The exercise of the put right further requires that the Notes to be 
redeemed be delivered to the Fiscal Agent by transferring the Notes to a securities account of the Fiscal Agent (book-entry 
transfer).] 
§ 6 
FISCAL AGENT, 
PAYING AGENT[S] 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices.  The initial Fiscal Agent and the initial Principal Paying Agent and their respective initial 
specified offices are: 
Erste Group Bank AG 
Am Belvedere 1 
A-1100 Vienna 
Austria 
The Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent(s) reserve the right at any time to change their respective specified office to some 
other specified office in the same city. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment.  The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment 
of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent and to appoint another Fiscal Agent, additional or other Paying Agents. The Issuer 
shall at all times maintain: (i) a Fiscal Agent; and (ii) for so long as the Notes are listed on a stock exchange, a Paying 
Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules of such stock 
exchange or its supervisory authority. The Issuer will give notice to the Holders of any variation, termination, appointment 
or any other change as soon as possible upon the effectiveness of such change. 
(3) Agents of the Issuer.  The Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not have any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to any Holder. 
(4) Determinations Binding.  All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and deci-
sions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions by the Fiscal

--- Page 45 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
45 | 136 
Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, inequitableness or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents and the Holders and, in the absence of the aforesaid, no liability to the Issuer, the Paying Agents or the 
Holders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
(1) General Taxation.  All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be 
made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
of whatever nature ("Taxes") imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within the Republic of Austria or by 
any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. If the Issuer 
is required by law to make any withholding or deduction for any Taxes from any payment in respect of the Notes, the Issuer 
shall pay such additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") to the Holder as shall result in receipt by that Holder of 
such amounts as would have been received by the Holder had no such withholding or deduction been required, except 
that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note: 
(a) 
which are payable to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is liable to such Taxes in respect of such Note 
by reason of it having some connection with the Issuer's country of domicile for tax purposes other than the mere 
holding of the Note; or 
(b) 
in respect of any Taxes which are to be withheld or deducted pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international treaty, agreement or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to which the Issuer's country of domicile for tax purposes or the European Union is a 
party, or (iii) any provision of law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, 
Regulation, treaty, agreement or understanding; or 
(c) 
in respect of any Taxes which are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf of 
a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a withholding or deduction by the Issuer from 
payments of interest made by it. 
(2) U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA).  The Issuer is authorised to withhold or deduct from amounts 
payable under the Notes to a Holder or beneficial owner of Notes sufficient funds for the payment of any tax that it is 
required to withhold or deduct pursuant an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the "Code"), or that is otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any 
regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States 
and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices 
implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a "FATCA Withholding"). Nei-
ther the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
§ 8 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(1) Event of Default.  Each Holder will be entitled to declare all or some only of its Notes due and demand immediate 
redemption of such Notes at the Specified Denomination plus accrued interest to but excluding the date of redemption as 
provided hereinafter, if any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest or any other amount in respect of the Notes within seven days from the 
relevant due date; 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to duly perform any other obligation arising from the Notes and such default, except where such 
default is incapable of remedy, continues unremedied for more than 14 days after the Issuer (through the Fiscal 
Agent) has received notice thereof from a Holder; 
(c) 
the Issuer [or any Material Subsidiary] suspends its payments or announces its inability to meet its financial obliga-
tions; or

--- Page 46 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
46 | 136 
(d) 
a competent court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer [or any Material Subsidiary] or the Issuer [, any 
Material Subsidiary] or any third-party institutes such a proceeding, and such proceeding has not been dismissed 
or stayed within 60 days after the commencement thereof; or 
(e) 
the Issuer is wound up, unless this is effected in connection with a merger, reorganisation or another form of com-
bination with another company or in connection with a restructuring, and the other or the new company assumes 
all obligations of the Issuer arising under the Notes; or 
(f) 
the Issuer [or any Material Subsidiary] ceases to carry out all or substantially all of its business (unless its business 
will continue to be carried out by one or several current or future Subsidiaries). 
The right to declare Notes due will terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been cured before such right is exercised. 
["Material Subsidiary" means [●].] 
(2) Termination notices.  Any notice declaring Notes due in accordance with § 11(1) will be made by means of a declaration 
in text form in the German or English language to the Fiscal Agent in accordance with the rules and procedures of the 
Clearing System together with evidence that such Holder at the time of such notice is a holder of the relevant Notes by 
means of a certificate of the Custodian or in any other appropriate manner. 
(3) Late receipt.  Termination notices received by the Fiscal Agent after 4:00 p.m. (Vienna time) only become effective on 
the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
§ 9 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 
thirty years (in the case of principal) and three years (in the case of interest) upon the relevant due date. 
§ 10 
FURTHER ISSUES OF NOTES, 
CANCELLATION 
(1) Further Issues of Notes.  The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, issue further Notes 
having the same terms as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the date of issuance, issue price, Interest 
Commencement Date and/or first Interest Payment Date) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
(2) Cancellation.  All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
§ 11 
NOTICES 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on a Stock Exchange, insert: 
(1) Publication.  [If notices may be given by means of a leading daily newspaper, insert: All notices concerning the 
Notes will be published in a leading daily newspaper having general circulation in [Austria] [specify other location]. This 
newspaper is expected to be the [Amtsblatt zur Wiener Zeitung] [insert other applicable newspaper having general 
circulation] in the German or English language [if notices may be given additionally by means of electronic publica-
tion on the website of the relevant stock exchange(s), insert: and will be published on the website of [insert relevant 
stock exchange] under [insert website of the stock exchange]]. [Any notice so given will be deemed to have been 
validly given on the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the date of the first such publication).]] 
[If notices may be given exclusively by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant stock ex-
change (if any), insert: All notices concerning the Notes can also be made by means of electronic publication on the 
website of the [insert relevant stock exchange] (http://www.[insert internet address]). [Any notice so given will be 
deemed to have been validly given on the day of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the first day of such 
publication).]]

--- Page 47 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
47 | 136 
[(1)][(2)] Notification to Clearing System.   
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted, insert: The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the Clearing 
System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
to the Holders on the seventh day after the day on which said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on a Stock Exchange, insert: The Issuer may, in lieu of publication set forth in 
subparagraph (1) above, deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing System to 
the Holders, provided that the rules of the stock exchange on which Notes are listed permit such form of notice. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the seventh day after the day on which said notice was given 
to the Clearing System.] 
§ 12 
MEETING OF HOLDERS, 
MODIFICATIONS AND WAIVER 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions.  In accordance with subsequent provisions, the Holders may agree with the 
Issuer on amendments of these Terms and Conditions with regard to certain matters by resolution with the majority spec-
ified below. Majority resolutions of the Holders shall be binding on all Holders alike. A majority resolution of the Holders 
which does not provide for identical conditions for all Holders is void, unless Holders who are disadvantaged have expressly 
consented to their being treated disadvantageously. 
(2) Measures.  The Holders may consent, by majority resolution, to the following measures, among others: 
(a) 
reduction or exclusion of interest payments; 
(b) 
reduction of the principal amount; 
(c) 
conversion or exchange of the Notes into shares, other securities or other promises of performance; 
(d) 
changes in the currency of the Notes; and 
(e) 
substitution of the Issuer. 
Any amendments will not be made if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably 
be expected to result in a change in the regulatory classification of the Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion 
from own funds or reclassification as a lower quality form of own funds. 
(3) Convening a Meeting of Holders.  The Holders' meeting shall be convened by the Issuer or by the Joint Representative. 
It shall be convened if Holders who together hold 5 per cent. of the outstanding Notes request such convocation in writing 
for the purpose of appointing or removing a Joint Representative, passing a resolution in order to render a termination 
invalid or for any other particular interest in such convocation. 
(4) Contents of the Convening Notice, Publication.  The convening notice shall state the name and the registered office of 
the Issuer and the time of the Holders' meeting, the agenda and the conditions on which attendance at the Holders' meeting 
and the exercise of voting rights shall depend. The convening notice shall be published pursuant to § 11 of these Terms 
and Conditions. 
(5) Convening Period, Evidence.  The Holders' meeting shall be called at least 14 calendar days before the date of the 
meeting. As evidence for the entitlement to participate in the Holders' meeting a special confirmation issued by the Clearing 
System or the Custodian (as defined in § 1(5) of these Terms and Conditions) in text form shall be presented. 
(6) Agenda.  The convening party shall include in the agenda a proposed resolution for each subject on which the Holders' 
meeting is to pass a resolution. The agenda of the Holders' meeting shall be published together with the convening notice. 
No resolutions may be passed on agenda items that have not been published in the required manner. Holders who together 
hold 5 per cent. of the outstanding Notes may request that new items be published for resolution. Such new items must be 
published no later than the third calendar day preceding the Holders' meeting. Without undue delay and until the date of

--- Page 48 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
48 | 136 
the Holders' meeting, the Issuer shall make available to the Holders on its website ("www.vig.com"), any counter-motions 
announced by a Holder before the meeting. 
(7) Quorum.  The Chairperson shall prepare a register of Holders participating in the vote. Such register shall include the 
Holders' names, their registered offices or places of residence and the number of voting rights represented by each Holder. 
Such register shall be signed by the Chairperson of the meeting and be made available without undue delay to all Holders. 
The Holders' meeting shall have a quorum if the persons present represent at least fifty per cent. of the outstanding Notes 
by value. If the Holders' meeting does not have a quorum, the Chairperson may convene a second meeting for the purposes 
of passing the resolution(s) anew. Such second meeting requires no quorum. For resolutions which require a qualified 
majority the persons present must represent at least 25 per cent. of the outstanding Notes. Notes for which voting rights 
have been suspended shall not be included in the outstanding Notes. 
(8) Majority Requirements.  Resolutions relating to material amendments of these Terms and Conditions, in particular con-
sents to the measures set out in § 12(2) above shall be passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. (Qualified 
Majority) of the votes cast. Resolutions relating to amendments of these Terms and Conditions which are not material 
require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
(9) Vote without a Meeting.  All votes will be taken exclusively by vote taken without a meeting. The vote shall be conducted 
by the scrutineer. The scrutineer shall be a notary appointed by the Issuer, or the Joint Representative if it has requested 
such vote. The request for voting shall set out the period within which votes may be cast. Such period shall be at least 
72 hours. During the voting period, the Holders may cast their votes to the scrutineer in text form. The request shall set out 
in detail the conditions to be met in order for the votes to be valid. The scrutineer shall ascertain the entitlement to cast a 
vote by means of the evidence provided and shall prepare a list of Holders entitled to vote. If it is ascertained that no 
quorum exists, the scrutineer may convene a Holders' meeting, which shall be deemed to be a second Holders' meeting 
within the meaning of § 12(7) of these Terms and Conditions. Any resolution passed by the vote shall be recorded in the 
minutes by a notary. Each Holder participating in the vote may request within one year of the end of the voting period a 
copy of the minutes and its annexes from the Issuer. Each Holder participating in the vote may object to the result in writing 
within two weeks of publication of the resolutions. The scrutineer shall decide on any such objection. If it takes remedial 
action as a result of the objection, it shall publish the result without undue delay. § 12(13) of these Terms and Conditions 
shall apply mutatis mutandis. If the scrutineer does not take remedial action as a result of the objection, it shall notify the 
objecting Holder without undue delay in writing. 
(10) Voting Right.  Each Holder shall participate in votes in accordance with the principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
held by such Holder. Voting rights are suspended with respect to the shares attributable to the Issuer or any of its subsid-
iaries or held for the account of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries. The Issuer may not make available Notes for which 
the voting rights have been suspended to any third party for the purposes of exercising the voting rights in lieu of the Issuer. 
This shall also apply to any subsidiaries of the Issuer. Exercise of voting rights for the purposes specified above is prohib-
ited. It is prohibited to offer, promise or grant any advantage as consideration to any person entitled to vote not to vote, or 
to vote in a particular way, in a Holders' meeting or a vote. No person entitled to vote may require, accept any promise of 
or accept any advantage or consideration for not voting, or voting in a particular way, in a Holders' meeting or a vote. 
(11) Chair of the Vote.  The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the Joint Representative has 
convened the vote, by the Joint Representative (the "Chairperson"). 
(12) Voting, Minutes.  The provisions of the Austrian Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) regarding the voting of share-
holders in the general meeting shall apply mutatis mutandis to the casting and counting of votes. In order to be valid, any 
resolution passed by the Holders' meeting shall be recorded in minutes of the meeting. The minutes shall be recorded by 
a notary. 
(13) Publication of Resolutions.  The Issuer shall publish the resolutions passed by the Holders in appropriate form and at 
its own expense. The resolutions shall be published without undue delay pursuant § 11 of these Terms and Conditions. In 
addition, for a period of at least one month commencing on the calendar day following the Holders' meeting, the Issuer 
shall make available to the public on its website ("www.vig.com") the resolutions passed by the Holders and, if these Terms 
and Conditions are amended by a Holders' resolution, the wording of the original Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 49 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
49 | 136 
(14) Implementation of Resolutions.  Resolutions passed by the Holders' meeting which amend or supplement the contents 
of these Terms and Conditions shall be implemented in such a way that the relevant Global Note is supplemented or 
amended. If the Global Note has been deposited with a central securities depository, the Chairperson of the meeting or 
the scrutineer shall forward for this purpose the contents of the resolution recorded in the minutes to the central securities 
depository, requesting it to add the documents submitted to the existing documents in appropriate form. It shall affirm to 
the central securities depository that the resolution may be implemented. 
(15) Joint Representative.  The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a joint representative (the "Joint Representa-
tive") to exercise the Holders' rights on behalf of each Holder. 
(16) Exclusion of the Applicability of the Austrian Notes Trustee Act.  The applicability of the provisions of the Austrian 
Notes Trustee Act (Kuratorengesetz) and the Austrian Notes Trustee Supplementation Act (Kuratorenergänzungsgesetz) 
is explicitly excluded in relation to the Notes. 
§ 13 
SUBSTITUTION 
(1) Substitution.  The Issuer may at any time, without the consent of the Holders, substitute for itself any other company 
(other than an insurance undertaking) which is directly or indirectly controlled by the Issuer, as new issuer (the "New 
Issuer") in respect of all obligations arising under or in connection with the Notes with the effect of releasing the Issuer of 
all such obligations, if: 
(a) 
the New Issuer assumes any and all obligations of the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Notes; and 
(b) 
the Issuer and the New Issuer have obtained all internal authorisations necessary for the substitution and the fulfil-
ment of the obligations arising under or in connection with the Notes; and 
(c) 
the New Issuer is in the position to pay to the Clearing System in the Specified Currency and without deducting or 
withholding any taxes or other duties of whatever nature imposed, levied or deducted by the country (or countries) 
in which the New Issuer has its domicile or tax residence all amounts required for the performance of the payment 
obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes; and 
(d) 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe irrevocably guarantees all obligations of the New 
Issuer under the Notes on terms which ensure that each Holder will be put in an economic position that is not less 
as favourable as that which would have existed if the substitution had not taken place. 
(2) References.  In the event of a substitution pursuant to § 13(1) of these Terms and Conditions, any reference in these 
Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall be a reference to the New Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt this shall apply only to the extent that the meaning and purpose of the relevant condition 
requires that the relevant reference shall continue to be a reference to the New Issuer and VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP 
AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe, in relation to its obligations under the guarantee pursuant to § 13(1)(d) of these Terms 
and Conditions, at the same time (Gross-Up Event and Taxation). 
In § 8 a further event of default shall be deemed to have been included; such event of default shall exist in the case that 
the Guarantee pursuant to § 13(1)(d) is determined by the final decision of a competent court or is claimed by the guarantor 
not to be in full force and effect and such defect is not corrected within ten Business Days. 
In the event of a substitution any reference to the Republic of Austria in § 14 of these Terms and Conditions shall be a 
reference to the New Issuer's country of domicile for tax purposes. 
(3) Notice and Effectiveness of Substitution.  Notice of any substitution of the Issuer shall be given by notice in accordance 
with § 11 of these Terms and Conditions. Upon such publication, the substitution shall become effective, and the Issuer 
and in the event of a repeated application of this §12 of these Terms and Conditions, any previous New Issuer shall be 
discharged from any and all obligations under the Notes. In the case of such substitution, the stock exchange(s), if any, on 
which the Notes are then listed at the initiative of the Issuer will be notified.

--- Page 50 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
50 | 136 
(4) Reversal.  Following a substitution pursuant to this § 13 of these Terms and Conditions any New Issuer may, with the 
consent of VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe, after giving notice in accordance with § 11 
of these Terms and Conditions and without the consent of the Holders, reverse the substitution. 
§ 14 
APPLICABLE LAW, 
PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
(1) Applicable Law.  The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Austrian law except for its conflict of law rules as far as such rules 
would lead to the application of foreign law. 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction.  The competent Austrian courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may 
arise out of or in connection with any Notes (including any legal action or proceedings relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes). 
(3) Enforcement.  Any Holder of Notes may in any proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Holder and the Issuer 
are parties, protect and enforce in its own name its rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued 
by the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name 
and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of the Notes credited to such securities account 
on the date of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System con-
taining the information pursuant to (a) and (b), and (ii) a copy of the Global Note certified as being a true copy by a duly 
authorised officer of the Clearing System or a depositary of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such 
proceedings of the actual records or the Global Note representing the Notes. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the 
foregoing, protect and enforce its rights under the Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the 
proceedings.

--- Page 51 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
51 | 136 
OPTION II – TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EURO DENOMINATED NOTES WITH A FLOATING INTEREST RATE 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Currency, Denomination.  This series of notes (the "Notes") is being issued by VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG 
Wiener Versicherung Gruppe (the "Issuer") in [insert specified currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the aggregate 
principal amount of [insert specified currency and aggregate principal amount] (in words: [insert aggregate principal 
amount in words]) and in the denomination of [insert specified currency and specified denomination] (the "Specified 
Denomination") each. 
(2) Form.  The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
[If Non-TEFRA with Permanent Global Note held in OeKB CSD insert 
(3) Permanent Global Note.  The Notes are represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note" or the 
"Global Note") without coupons; the claim for distribution payments under the Notes is represented by the Permanent 
Global Note. The Permanent Global Note shall be signed by or on behalf of the Issuer. Definitive Notes and coupons will 
not be issued, and the Holders (as defined in § 1(5) of these Terms and Conditions) have no right to require the printing 
and delivery of definitive Notes and/or coupons. 
(4) Clearing System.  The Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System until all obligations of 
the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. "Clearing System" means [OeKB CSD GmbH, Strauchgasse 1-3, A-1010 
Vienna, Austria ("OeKB CSD"), also for Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg, 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, LU-1855 Lux-
embourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, 
Belgium ("Euroclear") as accountholders in OeKB CSD and any successor in such capacity. 
OeKB CSD maintains a book-entry system in which the number of Notes held by each accountholder in OeKB CSD is 
recorded. Any transfer of Notes between accountholders in OeKB CSD will be recorded by OeKB CSD. OeKB CSD as 
agent of the Issuer is authorised to pass the available data on to the Issuer.] 
[specify other Clearing System]] 
[If TEFRA D with Global Notes held in the ICSDs insert: 
(3) Global Note.  The Notes will initially be represented by a temporary global bearer note (the "Temporary Global Note") 
without coupons which will be deposited with a common depositary for the Clearing System on or around the date of issue 
of the Notes. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole or in part and free of charge, for a permanent 
global bearer Note (the "Permanent Global Note" and, together with the Temporary Global Note, each a "Global Note") 
without coupons not earlier than 40 days after the date of issue of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership as required by U.S. tax law and in accordance with the rules and operating procedures of the Clearing System. 
Payments on a Temporary Global Note will only be made after presentation of such certification. No definitive Notes or 
interest coupons will be issued. 
(4) Clearing System.  Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System until all obligations 
of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. "Clearing System" means each of Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxem-
bourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear", and CBL and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together the "ICSDs" 
or any successor in respect of the functions performed by the Clearing System.] 
(5) Certain Definitions. 
"Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which (i) the Clearing System is open to settle 
payments and (ii) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
"Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect 
of any Notes and having an account maintained with the Clearing System, including the Clearing System.

--- Page 52 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
52 | 136 
"Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other comparable right in the Global Note which may be 
transferred to a new Holder in accordance with the provisions of the Clearing System. 
"TARGET Business Day" means a calendar day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement 
Express Transfer system 2 (TARGET) is operating. 
"Terms and Conditions" means these terms and conditions of the Notes. 
"United States" means the United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its 
possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana 
Islands). 
§ 2 
STATUS 
The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu 
among themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for any 
obligations required to be preferred by mandatory provisions of law. 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates.  Each Note bears interest on its Specified Denomination at the rate per 
annum equal to the Rate of Interest (as defined below) from and including [insert Interest Commencement Date] (the 
"Interest Commencement Date") to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and thereafter from and including each 
Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next following Interest Payment Date. Interest on the Notes will be payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with § 3(3) of 
these Terms and Conditions. 
"Interest Payment Date" means, subject to the Business Day Convention, [insert Specified Interest Payment Dates] in 
each year. 
"Business Day Convention" has the following meaning: If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a calendar 
day which is not a Business Day (as defined in § 1(5) of these Terms and Conditions), the Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next calendar day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event the Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(2) Rate of Interest.  The "Rate of Interest" for each Interest Period will be a rate per annum equal to the relevant Refer-
ence Rate plus the Margin, subject to a minimum for the Rate of Interest of 0.00 per cent. per annum. 
(3) Determination of the Reference Rate.  The Calculation Agent will determine the relevant Reference Rate in accordance 
with this § 3(3) of these Terms and Conditions on each Interest Determination Date. 
The "Reference Rate" for each Rate Interest Period will be determined as follows: 
(i) 
For each Interest Period beginning prior to the occurrence of the relevant Effective Date (as defined in § 3(5)(vii) of 
these Terms and Conditions), the Reference Rate will be equal to the Original Benchmark Rate on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date. 
If the Screen Page is unavailable or if the Original Benchmark Rate does not appear on the Screen Page as at such 
time on the relevant Interest Determination Date the "Reference Rate" will be equal to the Reference Bank Rate on 
that Interest Determination Date. 
If the Reference Bank Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the definition of such term, the "Reference 
Rate" shall be equal to the Original Benchmark Rate on the Screen Page on the last day preceding the Interest 
Determination Date on which such Original Benchmark Rate was displayed. 
(ii) 
For the Interest Period immediately following the relevant Effective Date and all Interest Periods thereafter, the 
"Reference Rate" will be determined in accordance with § 3(5) of these Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 53 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
53 | 136 
"Original Benchmark Rate" on any day means (subject to § 3(5) of these Terms and Conditions) the [insert applicable 
number of months]-month Euro Interbank Offered Rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) fixed at and ap-
pearing on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on such day. 
"Reference Bank Rate" means the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at which the Reference Banks offer 
to prime banks in the Euro-Zone interbank market and in a Representative Amount, assuming an Actual/360 day count 
basis, deposits in Euro at approximately 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date for the 
relevant Interest Period determined as follows: The Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Cal-
culation Agent with its offered quotation. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered quotations, the Reference Bank Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary 
to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on the relevant Interest Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Reference Bank Rate for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated at approximately 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) at the request of the Issuer to the Calculation Agent by major 
banks in the Euro-Zone interbank market, selected by the Issuer acting in good faith, at which such banks offer, on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, loans in Euro for the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount to 
leading European banks. 
Where: 
"Euro-Zone" means the region comprised of those member states of the European Union that have adopted, or will have 
adopted from time to time, the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community (signed 
in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended by the Treaty on European Union (signed in Maastricht on 7 February 1992) 
and the Amsterdam Treaty of 2 October 1997, as further amended from time to time.  
"Interest Determination Date" means the second TARGET Business Day prior to the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period.  
"Margin" means [insert number] per cent. per annum. 
"Reference Banks" means the principal Euro-Zone offices of four major banks in the Euro-Zone interbank market, in each 
case selected by the Issuer. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the 
relevant time. 
"Screen Page" means [the Reuters screen page EURIBOR01 or such other screen page of Reuters or such other infor-
mation service which is the successor to Reuters screen page EURIBOR01] [insert other applicable Screen Page]. 
(4) Duties of the Calculation Agent.  The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each Interest Determi-
nation Date, determine the Rate of Interest and calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") scheduled to be 
paid on the Notes for the relevant Interest Period. The Calculation Agent will calculate the Interest Amount by applying the 
Rate of Interest (including the Margin) and the Day Count Fraction to each Specified Denomination and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest eurocent, with 0.5 or more of a eurocent being rounded upwards. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period of time 
(from and including the first calendar day of such period to but excluding the day on which it falls due) (whether or not 
constituting a Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"), the actual number of calendar days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest, each Interest Amount for each Interest Period, each Interest Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, to the Holders and, if required by the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed at the initiative of the Issuer, to such stock exchange, by notice

--- Page 54 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
54 | 136 
in accordance with § 11 of these Terms and Conditions as soon as possible after their determination, but in no event later 
than at the beginning of the next relevant Interest Period thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements may be made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly 
notified to any stock exchange on which the Notes are then listed at the initiative of the Issuer and to the Holders in 
accordance with § 11 of these Terms and Conditions. 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made 
or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence 
of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders. 
(5) New Benchmark Rate.  If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Original Benchmark Rate, the relevant Reference 
Rate and the interest on the Notes in accordance with § 3 of these Terms and Conditions will be determined as follows: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall, as soon as this is (in the Issuer's view) required following the occurrence of the Benchmark Event 
and prior to the next Interest Determination Date, endeavour to appoint an Independent Adviser, who will determine 
in its reasonable discretion a New Benchmark Rate (as defined in § 3(5)(vi) of these Terms and Conditions), the 
Adjustment Spread (as defined in § 3(5)(vi) of these Terms and Conditions) and any Benchmark Amendments (as 
defined in § 3(5)(iv) of these Terms and Conditions). 
(ii) 
If, prior to the 10th Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
(A) 
the Issuer has not appointed an Independent Adviser; or 
(B) 
Independent Adviser appointed by it has not determined a New Benchmark Rate, has not determined the 
Adjustment Spread and/or has not determined the Benchmark Amendments (if required) in accordance with 
this § 3(5) of these Terms and Conditions,  
then the Reference Rate applicable to the immediately following Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate deter-
mined on the last Interest Determination Date immediately preceding the relevant Effective Date. 
If this § 3(5)(ii) of these Terms and Conditions is to be applied on the first Interest Determination Date prior to the 
commencement of the first Interest Period, the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period shall be [●] 
per cent. per annum. 
If the fallback rate determined in accordance with this § 3(5)(ii) of these Terms and Conditions is to be applied, 
§ 3(5) of these Terms and Conditions will be operated again to determine the Reference Rate applicable to the next 
subsequent (and, if required, further subsequent) Interest Period(s). 
(iii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its reasonable discretion that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Benchmark Rate, then such Successor Benchmark Rate shall subsequently be the 
New Benchmark Rate; or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Benchmark Rate but that there is an Alternative Benchmark Rate, then such Alterna-
tive Benchmark Rate shall subsequently be the New Benchmark Rate. 
In either case the "Reference Rate" for the Interest Period immediately following the Effective Date and all following 
Interest Periods will then be (x) the New Benchmark Rate on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus (y) the 
Adjustment Spread. 
(iv) 
If any relevant New Benchmark Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread are determined in accordance with this 
§ 3(5) of these Terms and Conditions, and if the Independent Adviser determines in its reasonable discretion that 
amendments to these Terms and Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such New Benchmark 
Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments"), then the Inde-
pendent Adviser will determine the Benchmark Amendments and the Issuer will give notice thereof in accordance 
with § 3(5)(v) of these Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 55 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
55 | 136 
The Benchmark Amendments may include, without limitation, the following conditions of these Terms and Condi-
tions: 
(A) 
the Reference Rate including the "Screen Page" and/or (in replacement of clause (i) of the definition of the 
term "Reference Rate" in § 3(3) of these Terms and Conditions) the method for determining the fallback rate 
in relation to the Reference Rate, including the Reference Bank Rate; and/or 
(B) 
the definitions of the terms "Business Day", "Business Day Convention", "Interest Period", "Day Count Frac-
tion" "Interest Payment Date" and/or "Interest Determination Date" (including the determination whether the 
Reference Rate will be determined in advance on or prior to the relevant Interest Period or in arrear on or 
prior to the end of the relevant Interest Period); and/or 
(C) 
the business day convention in § 4(4) of these Terms and Conditions. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. The Issuer will notify any New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amend-
ments (if any) determined under this § 3(5) of these Terms and Conditions to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, 
the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with § 11 of these Terms and Conditions, the Holders as soon as such 
notification is (in the Issuer's view) required following the determination thereof, but in any event not later than on 
the 10th Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the Effective Date. 
The New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any), each as specified in 
such notice, will be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent and the 
Holders. The Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to have been amended by the New Benchmark Rate, the 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) with effect from the Effective Date. 
On or prior to the date of such notice, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer 
(A) 
(I) 
confirming that a Benchmark Event has occurred; 
(II) 
specifying the relevant New Benchmark Rate determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
§ 3(5) of these Terms and Conditions; 
(III) 
specifying the applicable Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) each deter-
mined in accordance with the provisions of this § 3(5) of these Terms and Conditions; and 
(IV) 
specifying the Effective Date; and 
(B) 
confirming that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
relevant New Benchmark Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
(vi) 
As used in this § 3(5) of these Terms and Conditions: 
The "Adjustment Spread", which may be positive, negative or zero, will be expressed in basis points and means 
either (x) the spread or (y) the result of the operation of the formula or methodology for calculating the spread, which 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Benchmark Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Benchmark Rate with the Successor Benchmark Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(B) 
(if no such recommendation pursuant to clause (A) has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Bench-
mark Rate) is customarily applied to the New Benchmark Rate in the international debt capital markets to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement benchmark rate for the Original Benchmark Rate, provided that 
all determinations will be made by the Independent Adviser in its reasonable discretion; or  
(C) 
(if the Independent Adviser in its reasonable discretion determines that no such spread is customarily applied 
and that the following would be appropriate for the Notes) is recognised or acknowledged as being the

--- Page 56 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
56 | 136 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Benchmark Rate, 
where the Original Benchmark Rate has been replaced by the New Benchmark Rate, provided that all de-
terminations will be made by the Independent Adviser in its reasonable discretion. 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" means an alternative benchmark or an alternative screen rate which is customarily 
applied in the international debt capital markets for the purpose of determining floating rates of interest in Euro, 
provided that all determinations will be made by the Independent Adviser in its reasonable discretion. 
A "Benchmark Event" occurs if: 
(A) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the regulatory supervisor of the Original 
Benchmark Rate administrator stating that said administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Original 
Benchmark Rate permanently or indefinitely, unless, at the time of the statement or publication, there is a 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Original Benchmark Rate; or 
(B) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the Original Benchmark Rate administrator 
is made, stating that said administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Original Benchmark Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, unless, at the time of the statement or publication, there is a successor admin-
istrator that will continue to provide the Original Benchmark Rate; or  
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the Original Benchmark Rate administrator is made that, in its view, 
the Original Benchmark Rate is no longer representative, or will no longer be representative, of the underly-
ing market it purports to measure and no action to remediate such a situation is taken or expected to be 
taken as required by the supervisor of the Original Benchmark Rate administrator; or  
(D) 
it has become, for any reason, unlawful under any law or regulation applicable to any Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party to use the Original Benchmark Rate; or 
(E) 
the Original Benchmark Rate is permanently no longer published without a previous official announcement 
by the competent authority or the administrator; or 
(F) 
material change is made to the Original Benchmark Rate methodology.  
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other independent 
financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer. 
"New Benchmark Rate" means the Successor Benchmark Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Benchmark 
Rate determined in accordance with this § 3(5) of these Terms and Conditions. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of the replacement of the Original Benchmark Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervi-
sory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Benchmark Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Benchmark Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.  
(vii) 
The effective date for the application of the New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) determined under this § 3(5) of these Terms and Conditions (the "Effective Date") will be the 
Interest Determination Date falling on or after the earliest of the following dates:

--- Page 57 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
57 | 136 
(A) 
if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a result of clauses (A), (B) or (C) of the definition of the term 
"Benchmark Event", the date of cessation of publication of the Original Benchmark Rate or of the discontin-
uation of the Original Benchmark Rate, as the case may be; or 
(B) 
if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a result of clauses (E) or (F) of the definition of the term "Benchmark 
Event", the date of the occurrence of the Benchmark Event; or 
(C) 
if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a result of clause (D) of the definition of the term "Benchmark 
Event", the date from which the prohibition applies. 
(viii) 
Any reference in this § 3(5) of these Terms and Conditions to the term Original Benchmark Rate shall be deemed 
to include a reference to any component part thereof (if any) in respect of which a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(ix) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to any New Benchmark Rate, this § 3(5) of these Terms and Conditions 
shall apply mutatis mutandis to the replacement of such New Benchmark Rate by any new Successor Benchmark 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, as the case may be. In this case, any reference in this § 3 of these Terms and 
Conditions to the term Original Benchmark Rate shall be deemed to be a reference to the New Benchmark Rate 
that last applied. 
(6) Cessation of Interest Accrual.  The Notes shall cease to bear interest from the end of the calendar day preceding their 
due date for redemption. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall continue to accrue on the out-
standing principal amount of the Notes beyond the due date until the end of the calendar day preceding the actual redemp-
tion of the Notes. The applicable rate of interest will be determined in accordance with this § 3 of these Terms and Condi-
tions. This does not affect any additional rights that might be available to the Holders. 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1) (a) Payment of Principal.  Payment of principal on the Notes shall be made, subject to § 4(2) below, to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
(b) Payment of Interest.  Payment of interest and any Additional Amounts on the Notes shall be made, subject to § 4(2) 
below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System. 
(2) Manner of Payment.  Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of amounts due in respect 
of the Notes shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
(3) Discharge.  The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) Business Day Convention.  If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Business Day, 
then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next day that is a Business Day, and shall not be entitled to further 
interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
(5) References to Principal and Interest.  References in these Terms and Conditions to "principal" in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Notes. References in these Terms and Conditions to "interest" in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7(1) of these Terms and Conditions) which may be payable 
under § 7(1) of these Terms and Conditions. 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE 
(1) Redemption at Maturity.  To the extent not previously redeemed or repurchased, the Notes will be redeemed at their 
principal amount on the Interest Payment Date falling on or around [insert Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date").

--- Page 58 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
58 | 136 
(2) Repurchase.  Subject to applicable laws, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the 
open market or otherwise and at any price. Such acquired Notes may be cancelled, held or resold. 
(3) Redemption at the Option of the Issuer.  The Issuer may, upon giving a notice of redemption in accordance with § 5(5) 
of these Terms and Conditions, call the Notes for early redemption (in whole but not in part) with effect as of each Optional 
Redemption Date. If the Issuer exercises its call right in accordance with sentence 1, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes at 
their principal amount plus any interest accrued to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date specified in the notice but 
unpaid on the Optional Redemption Date specified in the notice. 
Where: 
"Optional Redemption Date" means [insert Optional Redemption Date(s)]. 
(4) Redemption following a Gross-Up Event or a Clean-Up Event.  If a Gross-Up Event or a Clean-Up Event occurs, the 
Issuer may, upon giving a notice of redemption in accordance with § 5(5) of these Terms and Conditions, call the Notes 
for early redemption (in whole but not in part) at any time with effect as of the redemption date specified in the notice. If 
the Issuer exercises its call right in accordance with sentence 1, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes at their principal amount 
plus any interest accrued to but excluding the redemption date specified in the notice but unpaid on the redemption date 
specified in the notice of redemption. 
In the case of a Gross-Up Event, no such notice of redemption may be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be for the first time obliged to pay the Additional Amounts pursuant to § 7 of these Terms and 
Conditions if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Where: 
A "Clean-Up Event" will occur if at any time the Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer has purchased Notes equal to or 
more than 80 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes initially issued and the aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes is reduced by this percentage in the Global Note accordingly. 
A "Gross-Up Event" will occur if an opinion of a recognised law firm has been delivered to the Issuer (and the Issuer has 
provided the Fiscal Agent with a copy thereof) stating that, as a result of any change in, or amendment or clarification to, 
the laws, regulations or other rules, or as a result of any change in, or amendment or clarification to, the interpretation or 
application, or as a result of any interpretation or application made for the first time, of any such laws, regulations or other 
rules by any legislative body, court or authority (including the enactment of any legislation and the publication of any 
decision of any court or authority), which change, amendment or clarification becomes effective on or after the date of 
issue of the Notes (including in case any such change, amendment or clarification has retroactive effect), the Issuer has 
or will become obliged to pay Additional Amounts pursuant to § 7 of these Terms and Conditions on the Notes, and that 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking such measures it (acting in good faith) deems reasonable and appropri-
ate. 
(5) Notice of redemption. The Issuer will give not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Holders in accordance 
with § 11 of these Terms and Conditions of any redemption pursuant to § 5(3) of these Terms and Conditions and § 5(4) 
of these Terms and Conditions. In the case of a redemption in accordance with § 5(4) of these Terms and Conditions such 
notice of redemption will set forth the underlying facts of the Issuer's right to redemption and specify the date fixed for 
redemption. 
[If the Notes are not subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holders insert: 
(6) No Redemption at the Option of the Holders.  The Holders have no right to put the Notes for redemption.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holders insert: 
(6)(a) Early Redemption at the Option of the Holders.  Any Holder may, at its option, by submitting a Put Notice in accord-
ance with § 5(6)(b) demand from the Issuer redemption of any or all of its Notes which were not declared due for early 
redemption by the Issuer in accordance with § 5(3) or § 5(4), at their Specified Denomination plus accrued interest to but 
excluding the Put Redemption Date, on the Put Redemption Date specified in the Put Notice.

--- Page 59 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
59 | 136 
"Put Redemption Date" means [insert Put Redemption Date(s)]. 
(b) Any redemption notice (a "Put Notice") will be made by means of a notice in text form to be delivered by the Holder 
through the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes to the Fiscal Agent. 
Put Notices will be irrevocable. The Put Notice must be received by the Fiscal Agent no less than [15] calendar days and 
no more than [30] calendar days prior to the Put Redemption Date specified in the Put Notice. The Put Notice must specify 
(i) the securities identification codes of such Notes, (ii) the principal amount of the Notes in respect of which such option is 
exercised, and (iii) the relevant Put Redemption Date. The exercise of the put right further requires that the Notes to be 
redeemed be delivered to the Fiscal Agent by transferring the Notes to a securities account of the Fiscal Agent (book-entry 
transfer).] 
§ 6 
FISCAL AGENT, 
PAYING AGENT[S] AND 
CALCULATION AGENT 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices.  The initial Fiscal Agent, the initial Principal Paying Agent and the initial Calculation 
Agent and their respective initial specified offices are: 
Erste Group Bank AG 
Am Belvedere 1 
A-1100 Vienna 
Austria 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent(s) and the Calculation Agent reserve the right at any time to change their respective 
specified office to some other specified office in the same city. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment.  The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment 
of the Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint another Fiscal Agent, additional or other 
Paying Agents or another Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall at all times maintain: (i) a Fiscal Agent; (ii) for so long as the 
Notes are listed on a stock exchange, a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in such place 
as may be required by the rules of such stock exchange or its supervisory authority, and (iii) a Calculation Agent. The 
Issuer will give notice to the Holders of any variation, termination, appointment or any other change as soon as possible 
upon the effectiveness of such change. 
(3) Agents of the Issuer.  The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer 
and do not have any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to any Holder. 
(4) Determinations Binding.  All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and deci-
sions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions by the Fiscal 
Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, inequitableness or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent and the Holders and, in the absence of the aforesaid, no liability to the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or the Holders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
(1) General Taxation.  All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be 
made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
of whatever nature ("Taxes") imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within the Republic of Austria or by 
any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
If the Issuer is required by law to make any withholding or deduction for any Taxes from any payment of interest in respect 
of the Notes, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") to the Holder as shall result in

--- Page 60 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
60 | 136 
receipt by that Holder of such amounts as would have been received by the Holder had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note: 
(a) 
which are payable to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is liable to such Taxes in respect of such Note 
by reason of it having some connection with the Issuer's country of domicile for tax purposes other than the mere 
holding of the Note; or 
(b) 
in respect of any Taxes which are to be withheld or deducted pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international treaty, agreement or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to which the Issuer's country of domicile for tax purposes or the European Union is a 
party, or (iii) any provision of law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, 
Regulation, treaty, agreement or understanding; or 
(c) 
in respect of any Taxes which are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf of 
a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a withholding or deduction by the Issuer from 
payments of interest made by it. 
(2) U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA).  The Issuer is authorised to withhold or deduct from amounts 
payable under the Notes to a Holder or beneficial owner of Notes sufficient funds for the payment of any tax that it is 
required to withhold or deduct pursuant an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the "Code"), or that is otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any 
regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States 
and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices 
implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a "FATCA Withholding"). Nei-
ther the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
§ 8 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(1) Event of Default.  Each Holder will be entitled to declare all or some only of its Notes due and demand immediate 
redemption of such Notes at the Specified Denomination plus accrued interest to but excluding the date of redemption as 
provided hereinafter, if any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest or any other amount in respect of the Notes within seven days from the 
relevant due date; 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to duly perform any other obligation arising from the Notes and such default, except where such 
default is incapable of remedy, continues unremedied for more than 14 days after the Issuer (through the Fiscal 
Agent) has received notice thereof from a Holder; 
(c) 
the Issuer [or any Material Subsidiary] suspends its payments or announces its inability to meet its financial obliga-
tions; or 
(d) 
a competent court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer [or any Material Subsidiary] or the Issuer [, any 
Material Subsidiary] or any third-party institutes such a proceeding, and such proceeding has not been dismissed 
or stayed within 60 days after the commencement thereof; or 
(e) 
the Issuer is wound up, unless this is effected in connection with a merger, reorganisation or another form of com-
bination with another company or in connection with a restructuring, and the other or the new company assumes 
all obligations of the Issuer arising under the Notes; or 
(f) 
the Issuer [or any Material Subsidiary] ceases to carry out all or substantially all of its business (unless its business 
will continue to be carried out by one or several current or future Subsidiaries). 
The right to declare Notes due will terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been cured before such right is exercised. 
["Material Subsidiary" means [●].]

--- Page 61 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
61 | 136 
(2) Termination notices.  Any notice declaring Notes due in accordance with § 11(1) will be made by means of a declaration 
in text form in the German or English language to the Fiscal Agent in accordance with the rules and procedures of the 
Clearing System together with evidence that such Holder at the time of such notice is a holder of the relevant Notes by 
means of a certificate of the Custodian or in any other appropriate manner. 
(3) Late receipt.  Termination notices received by the Fiscal Agent after 4:00 p.m. (Vienna time) only become effective on 
the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
§ 9 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 
thirty years (in the case of principal) and three years (in the case of interest) upon the relevant due date. 
§ 10 
FURTHER ISSUES OF NOTES, 
CANCELLATION 
(1) Further Issues of Notes.  The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, issue further Notes 
having the same terms as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the date of issuance, issue price, Interest 
Commencement Date and/or first Interest Payment Date) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
(2) Cancellation.  All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
§ 11 
NOTICES 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on a Stock Exchange, insert: 
(1) Publication.  [If notices may be given by means of a leading daily newspaper, insert: All notices concerning the 
Notes will be published in a leading daily newspaper having general circulation in [Austria] [specify other location]. This 
newspaper is expected to be the [Amtsblatt zur Wiener Zeitung] [insert other applicable newspaper having general 
circulation] in the German or English language [if notices may be given additionally by means of electronic publica-
tion on the website of the relevant stock exchange(s), insert: and will be published on the website of [insert relevant 
stock exchange] under [insert website of the stock exchange]]. [Any notice so given will be deemed to have been 
validly given on the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the date of the first such publication).]] 
[If notices may be given exclusively by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant stock ex-
change (if any), insert: All notices concerning the Notes can also be made by means of electronic publication on the 
website of the [insert relevant stock exchange] (http://www.[insert internet address]). [Any notice so given will be 
deemed to have been validly given on the day of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the first day of such 
publication).]] 
[(1)][(2)] Notification to Clearing System. 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted, insert: The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the Clearing 
System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
to the Holders on the seventh day after the day on which said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on a Stock Exchange, insert: The Issuer may, in lieu of publication set forth in 
subparagraph (1) above, deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing System to 
the Holders, provided that the rules of the stock exchange on which Notes are listed permit such form of notice. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the seventh day after the day on which said notice was given 
to the Clearing System.]

--- Page 62 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
62 | 136 
§ 12 
MEETING OF HOLDERS, 
MODIFICATIONS AND WAIVER 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions.  In accordance with subsequent provisions, the Holders may agree with the 
Issuer on amendments of these Terms and Conditions with regard to certain matters by resolution with the majority spec-
ified below. Majority resolutions of the Holders shall be binding on all Holders alike. A majority resolution of the Holders 
which does not provide for identical conditions for all Holders is void, unless Holders who are disadvantaged have expressly 
consented to their being treated disadvantageously. 
(2) Measures.  The Holders may consent, by majority resolution, to the following measures, among others: 
(a) 
reduction or exclusion of interest payments; 
(b) 
reduction of the principal amount; 
(c) 
conversion or exchange of the Notes into shares, other securities or other promises of performance; 
(d) 
changes in the currency of the Notes; and 
(e) 
substitution of the Issuer. 
Any amendments will not be made if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably 
be expected to result in a change in the regulatory classification of the Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion 
from own funds or reclassification as a lower quality form of own funds. 
(3) Convening a Meeting of Holders.  The Holders' meeting shall be convened by the Issuer or by the Joint Representative. 
It shall be convened if Holders who together hold 5 per cent. of the outstanding Notes request such convocation in writing 
for the purpose of appointing or removing a Joint Representative, passing a resolution in order to render a termination 
invalid or for any other particular interest in such convocation. 
(4) Contents of the Convening Notice, Publication.  The convening notice shall state the name and the registered office of 
the Issuer and the time of the Holders' meeting, the agenda and the conditions on which attendance at the Holders' meeting 
and the exercise of voting rights shall depend. The convening notice shall be published pursuant to § 11 of these Terms 
and Conditions. 
(5) Convening Period, Evidence.  The Holders' meeting shall be called at least 14 calendar days before the date of the 
meeting. As evidence for the entitlement to participate in the Holders' meeting a special confirmation issued by the Clearing 
System or the Custodian (as defined in § 1(5) of these Terms and Conditions) in text form shall be presented. 
(6) Agenda.  The convening party shall include in the agenda a proposed resolution for each subject on which the Holders' 
meeting is to pass a resolution. The agenda of the Holders' meeting shall be published together with the convening notice. 
No resolutions may be passed on agenda items that have not been published in the required manner. Holders who together 
hold 5 per cent. of the outstanding Notes may request that new items be published for resolution. Such new items must be 
published no later than the third calendar day preceding the Holders' meeting. Without undue delay and until the date of 
the Holders' meeting, the Issuer shall make available to the Holders on its website ("www.vig.com"), any counter-motions 
announced by a Holder before the meeting. 
(7) Quorum.  The Chairperson shall prepare a register of Holders participating in the vote. Such register shall include the 
Holders' names, their registered offices or places of residence and the number of voting rights represented by each Holder. 
Such register shall be signed by the Chairperson of the meeting and be made available without undue delay to all Holders. 
The Holders' meeting shall have a quorum if the persons present represent at least fifty per cent. of the outstanding Notes 
by value. If the Holders' meeting does not have a quorum, the Chairperson may convene a second meeting for the purposes 
of passing the resolution(s) anew. Such second meeting requires no quorum. For resolutions which require a qualified 
majority the persons present must represent at least 25 per cent. of the outstanding Notes. Notes for which voting rights 
have been suspended shall not be included in the outstanding Notes.

--- Page 63 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
63 | 136 
(8) Majority Requirements.  Resolutions relating to material amendments of these Terms and Conditions, in particular con-
sents to the measures set out in § 12(2) above shall be passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. (Qualified 
Majority) of the votes cast. Resolutions relating to amendments of these Terms and Conditions which are not material 
require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
(9) Vote without a Meeting.  All votes will be taken exclusively by vote taken without a meeting. The vote shall be conducted 
by the scrutineer. The scrutineer shall be a notary appointed by the Issuer, or the Joint Representative if it has requested 
such vote. The request for voting shall set out the period within which votes may be cast. Such period shall be at least 
72 hours. During the voting period, the Holders may cast their votes to the scrutineer in text form. The request shall set out 
in detail the conditions to be met in order for the votes to be valid. The scrutineer shall ascertain the entitlement to cast a 
vote by means of the evidence provided and shall prepare a list of Holders entitled to vote. If it is ascertained that no 
quorum exists, the scrutineer may convene a Holders' meeting, which shall be deemed to be a second Holders' meeting 
within the meaning of § 12(7) of these Terms and Conditions. Any resolution passed by the vote shall be recorded in the 
minutes by a notary. Each Holder participating in the vote may request within one year of the end of the voting period a 
copy of the minutes and its annexes from the Issuer. Each Holder participating in the vote may object to the result in writing 
within two weeks of publication of the resolutions. The scrutineer shall decide on any such objection. If it takes remedial 
action as a result of the objection, it shall publish the result without undue delay. § 12(13) of these Terms and Conditions 
shall apply mutatis mutandis. If the scrutineer does not take remedial action as a result of the objection, it shall notify the 
objecting Holder without undue delay in writing. 
(10) Voting Right.  Each Holder shall participate in votes in accordance with the principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
held by such Holder. Voting rights are suspended with respect to the shares attributable to the Issuer or any of its subsid-
iaries or held for the account of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries. The Issuer may not make available Notes for which 
the voting rights have been suspended to any third party for the purposes of exercising the voting rights in lieu of the Issuer. 
This shall also apply to any subsidiaries of the Issuer. Exercise of voting rights for the purposes specified above is prohib-
ited. It is prohibited to offer, promise or grant any advantage as consideration to any person entitled to vote not to vote, or 
to vote in a particular way, in a Holders' meeting or a vote. No person entitled to vote may require, accept any promise of 
or accept any advantage or consideration for not voting, or voting in a particular way, in a Holders' meeting or a vote. 
(11) Chair of the Vote.  The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the Joint Representative has 
convened the vote, by the Joint Representative (the "Chairperson"). 
(12) Voting, Minutes.  The provisions of the Austrian Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) regarding the voting of share-
holders in the general meeting shall apply mutatis mutandis to the casting and counting of votes. In order to be valid, any 
resolution passed by the Holders' meeting shall be recorded in minutes of the meeting. The minutes shall be recorded by 
a notary. 
(13) Publication of Resolutions.  The Issuer shall publish the resolutions passed by the Holders in appropriate form and at 
its own expense. The resolutions shall be published without undue delay pursuant § 11 of these Terms and Conditions. In 
addition, for a period of at least one month commencing on the calendar day following the Holders' meeting, the Issuer 
shall make available to the public on its website ("www.vig.com") the resolutions passed by the Holders and, if these Terms 
and Conditions are amended by a Holders' resolution, the wording of the original Terms and Conditions. 
(14) Implementation of Resolutions.  Resolutions passed by the Holders' meeting which amend or supplement the contents 
of these Terms and Conditions shall be implemented in such a way that the relevant Global Note is supplemented or 
amended. If the Global Note has been deposited with a central securities depository, the Chairperson of the meeting or 
the scrutineer shall forward for this purpose the contents of the resolution recorded in the minutes to the central securities 
depository, requesting it to add the documents submitted to the existing documents in appropriate form. It shall affirm to 
the central securities depository that the resolution may be implemented. 
(15) Joint Representative.  The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a joint representative (the "Joint Representa-
tive") to exercise the Holders' rights on behalf of each Holder.

--- Page 64 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
64 | 136 
(16) Exclusion of the Applicability of the Austrian Notes Trustee Act.  The applicability of the provisions of the Austrian 
Notes Trustee Act (Kuratorengesetz) and the Austrian Notes Trustee Supplementation Act (Kuratorenergänzungsgesetz) 
is explicitly excluded in relation to the Notes. 
§ 13 
SUBSTITUTION 
(1) Substitution.  The Issuer may at any time, without the consent of the Holders, substitute for itself any other company 
(other than an insurance undertaking) which is directly or indirectly controlled by the Issuer, as new issuer (the "New 
Issuer") in respect of all obligations arising under or in connection with the Notes with the effect of releasing the Issuer of 
all such obligations, if: 
(a) 
the New Issuer assumes any and all obligations of the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Notes; and 
(b) 
the Issuer and the New Issuer have obtained all internal authorisations necessary for the substitution and the fulfil-
ment of the obligations arising under or in connection with the Notes; and 
(c) 
the New Issuer is in the position to pay to the Clearing System in the Specified Currency and without deducting or 
withholding any taxes or other duties of whatever nature imposed, levied or deducted by the country (or countries) 
in which the New Issuer has its domicile or tax residence all amounts required for the performance of the payment 
obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes; and 
(d) 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe irrevocably guarantees all obligations of the New 
Issuer under the Notes on terms which ensure that each Holder will be put in an economic position that is not less 
as favourable as that which would have existed if the substitution had not taken place. 
(2) References.  In the event of a substitution pursuant to § 13(1) of these Terms and Conditions, any reference in these 
Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall be a reference to the New Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt this shall apply only to the extent that the meaning and purpose of the relevant condition 
requires that the relevant reference shall continue to be a reference to the New Issuer and VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP 
AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe, in relation to its obligations under the guarantee pursuant to § 13(1)(d) of these Terms 
and Conditions, at the same time (Gross-Up Event and Taxation). 
In § 8 a further event of default shall be deemed to have been included; such event of default shall exist in the case that 
the Guarantee pursuant to § 13(1)(d) is determined by the final decision of a competent court or is claimed by the guarantor 
not to be in full force and effect and such defect is not corrected within ten Business Days. 
In the event of a substitution any reference to the Republic of Austria in § 14 of these Terms and Conditions shall be a 
reference to the New Issuer's country of domicile for tax purposes. 
(3) Notice and Effectiveness of Substitution.  Notice of any substitution of the Issuer shall be given by notice in accordance 
with § 11 of these Terms and Conditions. Upon such publication, the substitution shall become effective, and the Issuer 
and in the event of a repeated application of this §12 of these Terms and Conditions, any previous New Issuer shall be 
discharged from any and all obligations under the Notes. In the case of such substitution, the stock exchange(s), if any, on 
which the Notes are then listed at the initiative of the Issuer will be notified. 
(4) Reversal.  Following a substitution pursuant to this § 13 of these Terms and Conditions any New Issuer may, with the 
consent of VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe, after giving notice in accordance with § 11 
of these Terms and Conditions and without the consent of the Holders, reverse the substitution. 
§ 14 
APPLICABLE LAW, 
PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
(1) Applicable Law.  The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Austrian law except for its conflict of law rules as far as such rules 
would lead to the application of foreign law.

--- Page 65 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
65 | 136 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction.  The competent Austrian courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may 
arise out of or in connection with any Notes (including any legal action or proceedings relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes). 
(3) Enforcement.  Any Holder of Notes may in any proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Holder and the Issuer 
are parties, protect and enforce in its own name its rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued 
by the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name 
and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of the Notes credited to such securities account 
on the date of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System con-
taining the information pursuant to (a) and (b), and (ii) a copy of the Global Note certified as being a true copy by a duly 
authorised officer of the Clearing System or a depositary of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such 
proceedings of the actual records or the Global Note representing the Notes. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the 
foregoing, protect and enforce its rights under the Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the 
proceedings.

--- Page 66 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
66 | 136 
OPTION III – TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EURO-DENOMINATED DATED SUBORDINATED NOTES WITH A 
FIXED TO FLOATING INTEREST RATE 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Currency, Denomination.  This series of subordinated notes (the "Notes") is being issued by VIENNA INSURANCE 
GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe (the "Issuer") in [insert specified currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the 
aggregate principal amount of [insert specified currency and aggregate principal amount] (in words: [insert aggregate 
principal amount in words]) and in the denomination of [insert specified currency and specified denomination] (the 
"Specified Denomination") each. 
(2) Form.  The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
[If Non-TEFRA with Permanent Global Note held in OeKB CSD insert 
(3) Permanent Global Note.  The Notes are represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note" or the 
"Global Note") without coupons; the claim for distribution payments under the Notes is represented by the Permanent 
Global Note. The Permanent Global Note shall be signed by or on behalf of the Issuer. Definitive Notes and coupons will 
not be issued, and the Holders (as defined in § 1(5) of these Terms and Conditions) have no right to require the printing 
and delivery of definitive Notes and/or coupons. 
(4) Clearing System.  The Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System until all obligations of 
the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. "Clearing System" means [OeKB CSD GmbH, Strauchgasse 1-3, A-1010 
Vienna, Austria ("OeKB CSD"), also for Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg, 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, LU-1855 Lux-
embourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, 
Belgium ("Euroclear") as accountholders in OeKB CSD and any successor in such capacity. 
OeKB CSD maintains a book-entry system in which the number of Notes held by each accountholder in OeKB CSD is 
recorded. Any transfer of Notes between accountholders in OeKB CSD will be recorded by OeKB CSD. OeKB CSD as 
agent of the Issuer is authorised to pass the available data on to the Issuer.] 
[specify other Clearing System]] 
[If TEFRA D with Global Notes held in the ICSDs insert: 
(3) Global Note.  The Notes will initially be represented by a temporary global bearer note (the "Temporary Global Note") 
without coupons which will be deposited with a common depositary for the Clearing System on or around the date of issue 
of the Notes. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole or in part and free of charge, for a permanent 
global bearer Note (the "Permanent Global Note" and, together with the Temporary Global Note, each a "Global Note") 
without coupons not earlier than 40 days after the date of issue of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership as required by U.S. tax law and in accordance with the rules and operating procedures of the Clearing System. 
Payments on a Temporary Global Note will only be made after presentation of such certification. No definitive Notes or 
interest coupons will be issued. 
(4) Clearing System.  Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System until all obligations 
of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. "Clearing System" means each of Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxem-
bourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear", and CBL and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together the "ICSDs" 
or any successor in respect of the functions performed by the Clearing System.] 
(5) Certain Definitions.  
"Applicable Accounting Standards" means, as applicable, the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) or any 
other accounting principles generally accepted which subsequently supersede them as applied by the Issuer at the relevant 
dates and for the relevant periods for purposes of drawing up its consolidated financial statements.

--- Page 67 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
67 | 136 
"Applicable Insolvency Regulations" means the relevant provisions governing public and/or private proceedings for the 
resolution and/or reorganisation of the Issuer (including the insolvency laws) and any further rules and regulations there-
under and any orders or other decisions of any authority which is competent for the resolution and/or reorganisation, and 
any other provisions (including the administrative practice of such authorities and any pertinent court case law and court 
decisions) that are applicable to the Issuer from time to time. 
"Applicable Supervisory Regulations" means the provisions of insurance supervisory laws (including the Solvency II 
Directive and the Austrian Insurance Supervision Act) and any rules and regulations thereunder (including the administra-
tive practice and any other actions or decisions of the Competent Supervisory Authority, any applicable decision of a court 
and any transitional provisions) which are applicable, at the relevant time, to the solvency of the Issuer on an individual 
basis or for the group solvency of the Issuer's Group. These include the rules and regulations with respect to the group 
solvency and capital adequacy of internationally active insurance groups (IAIG). 
"Austrian Insurance Supervision Act" means the Austrian Insurance Supervision Act (Versicherungsaufsichtsgesetz 
2016 – VAG 2016), as amended from time to time. 
"Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which (i) the Clearing System is open to settle 
payments and (ii) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
"Competent Supervisory Authority" means the Austrian Financial Market Authority (Finanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde – 
FMA) or any authority which becomes its successor in such capacity as insurance regulator competent for the Issuer and/or 
the Issuer's Group. 
"Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect 
of any Notes and having an account maintained with the Clearing System, including the Clearing System. 
"Group SCR of the Issuer's Group" means the group solvency capital requirement applicable to the Issuer's Group 
pursuant to the Applicable Supervisory Regulations (regardless of the terminology used by the Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations).  
"Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other comparable right in the Global Note which may be 
transferred to a new Holder in accordance with the provisions of the Clearing System. 
An "Insolvency Event" will have occurred, regardless of the opening of any insolvency or liquidation proceedings, if in 
respect of the Issuer a reason for the opening of insolvency proceedings within the meaning of the Applicable Insolvency 
Regulations exists.  
"Issuer's Group" means the Issuer and its subsidiaries pursuant to the Applicable Supervisory Regulations regarding the 
supervision of the group solvency. 
"Minimum consolidated Group SCR for the Issuer's Group" means the minimum consolidated group solvency capital 
requirement applicable to the Issuer's Group pursuant to the Applicable Supervisory Regulations (regardless of the termi-
nology used by the Applicable Supervisory Regulations). 
"Solo MCR" means the minimum capital requirement applicable to the Issuer on an individual basis pursuant to the Appli-
cable Supervisory Regulations (regardless of the terminology used by the Applicable Supervisory Regulations). 
"Solo SCR" means the solvency capital requirement applicable to the Issuer on an individual basis pursuant to the Appli-
cable Supervisory Regulations (regardless of the terminology used by the Applicable Supervisory Regulations). 
"Solvency II Directive" means Directive 2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 November 
2009, the further legislative acts of the European Union enacted in relation thereto including Commission Delegated Reg-
ulation (EU) 2015/35 of 10 October 2014, and the applicable legislation and measures implementing the same, in each 
case as amended from time to time. 
A "Solvency Capital Event" will have occurred if any of the following events has occurred:

--- Page 68 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
68 | 136 
(i) 
on an individual basis of the Issuer the own funds (Eigenmittel) are not sufficient to cover the applicable Solo SCR 
or the applicable Solo MCR of the Issuer; and/or 
(ii) 
on a consolidated basis of the Issuer's Group the own funds (Eigenmittel) are not sufficient to cover the applicable 
Group SCR of the Issuer's Group or the applicable Minimum consolidated Group SCR for the Issuer's Group. 
"Sufficient Excess Cover" exists if 
(i) 
the applicable Solo SCR of the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
the applicable Group SCR of the Issuer's Group, 
after the redemption, will be exceeded by an appropriate margin, taking into account the solvency position of the Issuer, 
including the Issuer's medium-term capital management plan, and the solvency position of the Issuer's Group, including 
the Issuer's Group's medium-term capital management plan. 
"TARGET Business Day" means a calendar day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement 
Express Transfer system 2 (TARGET) is operating. 
"Terms and Conditions" means these terms and conditions of the Notes. 
"Tier 2 Capital" means Tier 2 basic own funds (as defined in the Applicable Supervisory Regulations) for solvency pur-
poses of the Issuer on an individual basis or for group solvency purposes of the Issuer's Group (including the capital 
adequacy of internationally active insurance groups (IAIG)) pursuant to the Applicable Supervisory Regulations. 
"United States" means the United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its 
possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana 
Islands). 
§ 2 
STATUS 
(1) Status of the Notes.  The Notes constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer which, in the 
event of the liquidation, dissolution, or insolvency of the Issuer, or composition or any other proceedings for the avoidance 
of insolvency against, the Issuer, rank: 
(a) 
senior to all present or future obligations of the Issuer under instruments which, pursuant to their terms or mandatory 
provisions of law rank, junior to the Notes (the "Junior Instruments");  
(b) 
pari passu among themselves and pari passu with present or future obligations of the Issuer under instruments 
which, pursuant to their terms or mandatory provisions of law rank, pari passu with the Issuer's obligations under 
the Notes (the "Parity Instruments"); and 
(c) 
junior to the Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations, so that in any such event the claims of the Holders under the 
Notes will be satisfied after (but only after) the claims of all holders of the Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations. In 
any such event, Holders will not receive any amounts payable in respect of the Notes until the claims of all Issuer's 
Senior Ranking Obligations have first been satisfied in full. 
"Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations" means all of the Issuer's present and future: 
(i) 
unsubordinated obligations (for the avoidance of doubt: this includes any obligations of the Issuer towards all policy 
holders and beneficiaries under insurance and reinsurance contracts); and 
(ii) 
obligations subordinated by operation of law pursuant to the Applicable Insolvency Regulations; and 
(ii) 
contractually subordinated obligations under instruments which, pursuant to their terms or mandatory provisions of 
law rank, senior to the Issuer's obligations under the Notes; and 
(iv) 
subordinated obligations required to be preferred by mandatory provisions of law.

--- Page 69 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
69 | 136 
(2) No Negative Equity and Waiver of Petition.  The Holders will be entitled to payments, if any, under the Notes only once 
any negative equity (negatives Eigenkapital within the meaning of § 225(1) of the Austrian Enterprise Code (Unterneh-
mensgesetzbuch – UGB)) has been removed (beseitigt) or if, in the event of the liquidation of the Issuer, all other creditors 
(other than creditors the claims of which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the Notes) of the Issuer 
have been satisfied first. 
No insolvency proceedings against the Issuer are required to be opened in relation to the obligations of the Issuer under 
the Notes. The Notes do not contribute to a determination that the liabilities of the Issuer exceed its assets; therefore, the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, if any, will not contribute to the determination of over-indebtedness (Überschul-
dung) in accordance with § 67(3) of the Austrian Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung – IO). 
(3) No Set-off/Netting, No Security/Guarantee and No Enhancement of Seniority.  Claims of the Issuer are not permitted 
to be set-off or netted against repayment obligations of the Issuer under these Notes. No contractual collateral may be 
provided by the Issuer or any third person for the liabilities constituted by the Notes.  
The Notes are, or shall at any time be, neither secured, nor subject to any guarantee that enhances the seniority of the 
claims under the Notes. The Notes are not subject to any arrangement, contractual or otherwise, that enhances the sen-
iority of the claims under the Notes in insolvency or liquidation. 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Fixed Rate Interest Periods. 
(a) 
Fixed Rate of Interest and Fixed Rate Interest Payment Dates.  The Notes shall bear interest on their Specified 
Denomination at the rate of [insert Fixed Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum (the "Fixed Rate of Interest") 
during the period (the "First Period") from and including [insert Interest Commencement Date] (the "Interest 
Commencement Date") to but excluding [insert Reset Date] (the "First Reset Date").  
[In the case of a short or long first or last interest period insert: With the exception of the [first] [last] payment 
of interest, interest] [In the case of no short or long first or last interest period insert: Interest] shall be payable 
[in the case of quarterly fixed interest payments insert: quarterly] [in the case of semi-annual fixed interest 
payments insert: semi-annually] [in the case of annual fixed interest payments insert: annually] in arrear on 
[insert Fixed Rate Interest Payment Date(s)] in each year (each such date, a "Fixed Rate Interest Payment 
Date"), commencing on [insert first Fixed Rate Interest Payment Date], with the last Fixed Rate Interest Payment 
Date falling on the First Reset Date.  
"Fixed Rate Interest Period" means the period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but ex-
cluding the first Fixed Rate Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including a Fixed Rate 
Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next succeeding Fixed Rate Interest Payment Date, with the last Fixed 
Rate Interest Payment Date falling on the First Reset Date. 
(b) 
Calculation of Amount of Fixed Rate Interest.  If the amount of interest payable under the Notes is required to be 
calculated for any period of time during the First Period, such amount of interest shall be calculated, subject to 
§ 3(3) of these Terms and Conditions, by the Calculation Agent by applying the Fixed Rate of Interest to the Spec-
ified Denomination, multiplying such amount by the applicable Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction (as defined below), 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest [sub-]unit of the Specified Currency, half of such [sub-]unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with the applicable market convention. 
(c) 
Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction.  "Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an 
amount of interest on any Note in accordance with this § 3(1) of these Terms and Conditions for any period of time 
from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the day on which it falls due (the "Fixed Rate 
Calculation Period"): 
(1) 
if the Fixed Rate Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Fixed Rate Determination Period during 
which the Fixed Rate Calculation Period ends, the number of calendar days in such Fixed Rate Calculation

--- Page 70 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
70 | 136 
Period divided by the product of: (x) the number of calendar days in such Fixed Rate Determination Period; 
and (y) the number of Fixed Rate Determination Dates (as specified below) that would occur in any year; or 
(2) 
if the Fixed Rate Calculation Period is longer than the Fixed Rate Determination Period during which the 
Fixed Rate Calculation Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of calendar days in such Fixed Rate Calculation Period falling in the Fixed Rate Deter-
mination Period in which the Fixed Rate Calculation Period begins divided by the product of: (x) the 
number of calendar days in such Fixed Rate Determination Period; and (y) the number of Fixed Rate 
Determination Dates that would occur in any year; and 
(B) 
the number of calendar days in such Fixed Rate Calculation Period falling in the next Fixed Rate 
Determination Period divided by the product of: (x) the number of calendar days in such Fixed Rate 
Determination Period; and (y) the number of Fixed Rate Determination Dates that would occur in any 
year. 
Where: 
"Fixed Rate Determination Period" means the period from and including a Fixed Rate Determination Date 
to but excluding the next Fixed Rate Determination Date (including, where the Interest Commencement Date 
is not a Fixed Rate Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Fixed Rate Determination Date 
prior to the Interest Commencement Date, and where the final Fixed Rate Interest Payment Date is not a 
Fixed Rate Determination Date, the first Fixed Rate Determination Date falling after the final Fixed Rate 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be). 
"Fixed Rate Determination Date" means each [insert Fixed Rate Determination Date(s)]. 
(2) Floating Rate Interest Periods. 
(a) 
Floating Rate of Interest and Floating Rate Interest Payment Dates.  Each Note bears interest on its Specified 
Denomination at the rate per annum equal to the Floating Rate of Interest (as defined below) from and including 
the First Reset Date to but excluding the first Floating Rate Interest Payment Date and thereafter from and including 
each Floating Rate Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next following Floating Rate Interest Payment Date 
(each such period a "Floating Rate Interest Period"). Interest on the Notes will be payable in arrear on each 
Floating Rate Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with 
§ 3(2)(c) of these Terms and Conditions. 
"Floating Rate Interest Payment Date" means, subject to the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, [insert 
Specified Floating Rate Interest Payment Dates] in each year. 
"Floating Rate Business Day Convention" has the following meaning: If any Floating Rate Interest Payment Date 
would otherwise fall on a calendar day which is not a Business Day (as defined in § 1(5) of these Terms and 
Conditions), the Floating Rate Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next calendar day which is a Busi-
ness Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the Floating Rate Interest Pay-
ment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(b) 
Floating Rate of Interest.  The "Floating Rate of Interest" for each Floating Rate Interest Period will be a rate per 
annum equal to the relevant Reference Rate plus the Margin, subject to a minimum for the Floating Rate of Interest 
of 0.00 per cent. per annum. 
(c) 
Determination of the Reference Rate.  The Calculation Agent will determine the relevant Reference Rate in accord-
ance with this § 3(2)(c) of these Terms and Conditions on each Interest Determination Date. 
The "Reference Rate" for each Floating Rate Interest Period will be determined as follows: 
(i) 
For each Floating Rate Interest Period beginning prior to the occurrence of the relevant Effective Date (as 
defined in § 3(2)(e)(vii) of these Terms and Conditions), the Reference Rate will be equal to the Original 
Benchmark Rate on the relevant Interest Determination Date.

--- Page 71 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
71 | 136 
If the Screen Page is unavailable or if the Original Benchmark Rate does not appear on the Screen Page as 
at such time on the relevant Interest Determination Date the "Reference Rate" will be equal to the Reference 
Bank Rate on that Interest Determination Date. 
If the Reference Bank Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the definition of such term, the "Ref-
erence Rate" shall be equal to the Original Benchmark Rate on the Screen Page on the last day preceding 
the Interest Determination Date on which such Original Benchmark Rate was displayed. 
(ii) 
For the Floating Rate Interest Period immediately following the relevant Effective Date and all following 
Floating Rate Interest Periods, the "Reference Rate" will be determined in accordance with § 3(2)(e) of these 
Terms and Conditions. 
"Original Benchmark Rate" on any day means (subject to § 3(2)(e) of these Terms and Conditions) the [insert 
applicable number of months]-month Euro Interbank Offered Rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
fixed at and appearing on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on such day. 
"Reference Bank Rate" means the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at which the Reference Banks 
offer to prime banks in the Euro-Zone interbank market and in a Representative Amount, assuming an Actual/360 
day count basis, deposits in Euro at approximately 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date for the relevant Floating Rate Interest Period determined as follows: The Issuer shall request each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Reference Bank Rate for such Floating Rate Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on the relevant Interest Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Reference Bank Rate for the rele-
vant Floating Rate Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005 being 
rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated at approximately 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) at the request of the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent by major banks in the Euro-Zone interbank market, selected by the Issuer acting in 
good faith, at which such banks offer, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, loans in Euro for the relevant 
Floating Rate Interest Period and in a Representative Amount to leading European banks. 
Where: 
"Euro-Zone" means the region comprised of those member states of the European Union that have adopted, or 
will have adopted from time to time, the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community (signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended by the Treaty on European Union (signed in Maas-
tricht on 7 February 1992) and the Amsterdam Treaty of 2 October 1997, as further amended from time to time.  
"Interest Determination Date" means the second TARGET Business Day prior to the commencement of the rele-
vant Floating Rate Interest Period.  
"Margin" means [insert number] per cent. per annum. 
"Reference Banks" means the principal Euro-Zone offices of four major banks in the Euro-Zone interbank market, 
in each case selected by the Issuer. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market 
at the relevant time. 
"Screen Page" means [the Reuters screen page EURIBOR01 or such other screen page of Reuters or such other 
information service which is the successor to Reuters screen page EURIBOR01] [insert other applicable Screen 
Page].

--- Page 72 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
72 | 136 
(d) Duties of the Calculation Agent.  The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each Interest Determi-
nation Date, determine the Floating Rate of Interest and calculate the amount of interest (the "Floating Rate Interest 
Amount") scheduled to be paid on the Notes for the relevant Floating Rate Interest Period. The Calculation Agent will 
calculate the Floating Rate Interest Amount by applying the Floating Rate of Interest (including the Margin) and the Floating 
Rate Day Count Fraction to each Specified Denomination and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest eurocent, with 
0.5 or more of a eurocent being rounded upwards. 
"Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of floating rate interest on any 
Note in accordance with this § 3(2) of these Terms and Conditions for any period of time (from and including the first 
calendar day of such period to but excluding the day on which it falls due) (whether or not constituting a Floating Rate 
Interest Period, the "Floating Rate Calculation Period"), the actual number of calendar days in the Floating Rate Calcu-
lation Period divided by 360. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Floating Rate of Interest, each Floating Rate Interest Amount for each Floating Rate 
Interest Period, each Floating Rate Interest Period and the relevant Floating Rate Interest Payment Date to be notified to 
the Issuer, to the Holders and, if required by the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time 
listed at the initiative of the Issuer, to such stock exchange, by notice in accordance with § 10 of these Terms and Condi-
tions as soon as possible after their determination, but in no event later than at the beginning of the next relevant Floating 
Rate Interest Period thereafter. Each Floating Rate Interest Amount and Floating Rate Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements may be made by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Floating Rate Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly 
notified to any stock exchange on which the Notes are then listed at the initiative of the Issuer and to the Holders in 
accordance with § 10 of these Terms and Conditions. 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made 
or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this § 3(2) of these Terms and Conditions by the Calculation Agent will (in 
the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders. 
(e) New Benchmark Rate.  If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Original Benchmark Rate, the relevant Reference 
Rate and the interest on the Notes in accordance with § 3(2) of these Terms and Conditions will be determined as follows: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall, as soon as this is (in the Issuer's view) required following the occurrence of the Benchmark Event 
and prior to the next Interest Determination Date, endeavour to appoint an Independent Adviser, who will determine 
in its reasonable discretion a New Benchmark Rate (as defined in § 3(2)(e)(vi) of these Terms and Conditions), the 
Adjustment Spread (as defined in § 3(5)(vi) of these Terms and Conditions) and any Benchmark Amendments (as 
defined in § 3(2)(e)(iv) of these Terms and Conditions). 
(ii) 
If, prior to the 10th Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
(A) 
the Issuer has not appointed an Independent Adviser; or 
(B) 
Independent Adviser appointed by it has not determined a New Benchmark Rate, has not determined the 
Adjustment Spread and/or has not determined the Benchmark Amendments (if required) in accordance with 
this § 3(2)(e) of these Terms and Conditions,  
then the Reference Rate applicable to the immediately following Floating Rate Interest Period shall be the Refer-
ence Rate determined on the last Interest Determination Date immediately preceding the relevant Effective Date. 
If this § 3(2)(e)(ii) of these Terms and Conditions is to be applied on the first Interest Determination Date prior to 
the commencement of the first Floating Rate Interest Period, the Reference Rate applicable to the first Floating 
Rate Interest Period shall be [●] per cent. per annum.3 
                                                          
3 
This rate will be equal to 
(x) the sum of the re-offer yield (as determined at the time of pricing) and the moderate interest step-up of 100 basis 
points, which sum up is converted from a per annum rate (payable annually in arrear on an Act/Act basis) to a per annum

--- Page 73 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
73 | 136 
If the fallback rate determined in accordance with this § 3(2)(e)(ii) of these Terms and Conditions is to be applied, 
§ 3(2)(e) of these Terms and Conditions will be operated again to determine the Reference Rate applicable to the 
next subsequent (and, if required, further subsequent) Floating Rate Interest Period(s). 
(iii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its reasonable discretion that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Benchmark Rate, then such Successor Benchmark Rate shall subsequently be the 
New Benchmark Rate; or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Benchmark Rate but that there is an Alternative Benchmark Rate, then such Alterna-
tive Benchmark Rate shall subsequently be the New Benchmark Rate. 
In either case the "Reference Rate" for the Floating Rate Interest Period immediately following the Effective Date 
and all following Floating Rate Interest Periods, subject to § 3(2)(e)(ix) of these Terms and Conditions, will then be 
(x) the New Benchmark Rate on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus (y) the Adjustment Spread. 
(iv) 
If any relevant New Benchmark Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread are determined in accordance with this 
§ 3(2)(e) of these Terms and Conditions, and if the Independent Adviser determines in its reasonable discretion 
that amendments to these Terms and Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such New Bench-
mark Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments"), then the 
Independent Adviser will determine the Benchmark Amendments and the Issuer will give notice thereof in accord-
ance with § 3(2)(e)(v) of these Terms and Conditions.  
The Benchmark Amendments may include, without limitation, the following conditions of these Terms and Condi-
tions: 
(A) 
the Reference Rate including the "Screen Page" and/or (in replacement of clause (i) of the definition of the 
term "Reference Rate" in § 3(2)(c) of these Terms and Conditions) the method for determining the fallback 
rate in relation to the Reference Rate, including the Reference Bank Rate; and/or 
(B) 
the definitions of the terms "Business Day", "Floating Rate Business Day Convention", "Floating Rate Inter-
est Period", "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" "Floating Rate Interest Payment Date" and/or "Interest De-
termination Date" (including the determination whether the Reference Rate will be determined in advance 
on or prior to the relevant Floating Rate Interest Period or in arrear on or prior to the end of the relevant 
Floating Rate Interest Period); and/or 
(C) 
the business day convention in § 4(4)(b) of these Terms and Conditions. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. The Issuer will notify any New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amend-
ments (if any) determined under this § 3(2)(e) of these Terms and Conditions to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, 
the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with § 10 of these Terms and Conditions, the Holders as soon as such 
notification is (in the Issuer's view) required following the determination thereof, but in any event not later than on 
the 10th Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the Effective Date. 
The New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any), each as specified in 
such notice, will be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent and the 
Holders. The Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to have been amended by the New Benchmark Rate, the 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) with effect from the Effective Date. 
On or prior to the date of such notice, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer 
                                                          
rate (payable quarterly in arrear on an Act/360 basis); 
(y) less the Margin defined in § 3(2)(c) of these Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 74 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
74 | 136 
(A) 
(I) 
confirming that a Benchmark Event has occurred; 
(II) 
specifying the relevant New Benchmark Rate determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
§ 3(2)(e) of these Terms and Conditions; 
(III) 
specifying the applicable Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) each deter-
mined in accordance with the provisions of this § 3(2)(e) of these Terms and Conditions; and 
(IV) 
specifying the Effective Date; and 
(B) 
confirming that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
relevant New Benchmark Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
(vi) 
As used in this § 3(2)(e) of these Terms and Conditions: 
The "Adjustment Spread", which may be positive, negative or zero, will be expressed in basis points and means 
either (x) the spread or (y) the result of the operation of the formula or methodology for calculating the spread, which 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Benchmark Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Benchmark Rate with the Successor Benchmark Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(B) 
(if no such recommendation pursuant to clause (A) has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Bench-
mark Rate) is customarily applied to the New Benchmark Rate in the international debt capital markets to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement benchmark rate for the Original Benchmark Rate, provided that 
all determinations will be made by the Independent Adviser in its reasonable discretion; or  
(C) 
(if the Independent Adviser in its reasonable discretion determines that no such spread is customarily applied 
and that the following would be appropriate for the Notes) is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Benchmark Rate, 
where the Original Benchmark Rate has been replaced by the New Benchmark Rate, provided that all de-
terminations will be made by the Independent Adviser in its reasonable discretion. 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" means an alternative benchmark or an alternative screen rate which is customarily 
applied in the international debt capital markets for the purpose of determining floating rates of interest in Euro, 
provided that all determinations will be made by the Independent Adviser in its reasonable discretion. 
A "Benchmark Event" occurs if: 
(A) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the regulatory supervisor of the Original 
Benchmark Rate administrator stating that said administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Original 
Benchmark Rate permanently or indefinitely, unless, at the time of the statement or publication, there is a 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Original Benchmark Rate; or 
(B) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the Original Benchmark Rate administrator 
is made, stating that said administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Original Benchmark Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, unless, at the time of the statement or publication, there is a successor admin-
istrator that will continue to provide the Original Benchmark Rate; or  
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the Original Benchmark Rate administrator is made that, in its view, 
the Original Benchmark Rate is no longer representative, or will no longer be representative, of the underly-
ing market it purports to measure and no action to remediate such a situation is taken or expected to be 
taken as required by the supervisor of the Original Benchmark Rate administrator; or  
(D) 
it has become, for any reason, unlawful under any law or regulation applicable to any Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party to use the Original Benchmark Rate; or

--- Page 75 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
75 | 136 
(E) 
the Original Benchmark Rate is permanently no longer published without a previous official announcement 
by the competent authority or the administrator; or 
(F) 
material change is made to the Original Benchmark Rate methodology.  
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other independent 
financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer. 
"New Benchmark Rate" means the Successor Benchmark Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Benchmark 
Rate determined in accordance with this § 3(2)(e) of these Terms and Conditions. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of the replacement of the Original Benchmark Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervi-
sory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Benchmark Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Benchmark Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.  
(vii) 
The effective date for the application of the New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) determined under this § 3(2)(e) of these Terms and Conditions (the "Effective Date") will be 
the Interest Determination Date falling on or after the earliest of the following dates: 
(A) 
if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a result of clauses (A), (B) or (C) of the definition of the term 
"Benchmark Event", the date of cessation of publication of the Original Benchmark Rate or of the discontin-
uation of the Original Benchmark Rate, as the case may be; or 
(B) 
if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a result of clauses (E) or (F) of the definition of the term "Benchmark 
Event", the date of the occurrence of the Benchmark Event; or 
(C) 
if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a result of clause (D) of the definition of the term "Benchmark 
Event", the date from which the prohibition applies. 
(viii) 
Any reference in this § 3(2) of these Terms and Conditions to the term Original Benchmark Rate shall be deemed 
to include a reference to any component part thereof (if any) in respect of which a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(ix) 
Any adjustment to the Original Benchmark Rate in accordance with this § 3(2)(e) of these Terms and Conditions in 
case of a Benchmark Event will only be made if no Regulatory Event would occur as a result of such adjustment. 
If this § 3(2)(e)(ix) of these Terms and Conditions is to be applied on an Interest Determination Date falling after the 
commencement of the first Floating Rate Interest Period, the Reference Rate applicable to the next and each sub-
sequent Floating Rate Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate determined on the last preceding Interest Deter-
mination Date. 
If this § 3(2)(e)(ix) of these Terms and Conditions is to be applied on the Interest Determination Date prior to the 
commencement of the first Floating Rate Interest Period, the Reference Rate applicable to the first and each sub-
sequent Floating Rate Interest Period shall be [●] per cent. per annum.4 
                                                          
4 
This rate will be equal to 
(x) the sum of the re-offer yield (as determined at the time of pricing) and the moderate interest step-up of 100 basis 
points, which sum up is converted from a per annum rate (payable annually in arrear on an Act/Act basis) to a per annum

--- Page 76 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
76 | 136 
(x) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to any New Benchmark Rate, this § 3(2)(e) of these Terms and Conditions 
shall apply mutatis mutandis to the replacement of such New Benchmark Rate by any new Successor Benchmark 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, as the case may be. In this case, any reference in this § 3(2) of these Terms 
and Conditions to the term Original Benchmark Rate shall be deemed to be a reference to the New Benchmark 
Rate that last applied. 
(3) Cessation of Interest Accrual.  The Notes shall cease to bear interest from the end of the calendar day preceding their 
due date for redemption. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall continue to accrue on the out-
standing principal amount of the Notes beyond the due date until the end of the calendar day preceding the actual redemp-
tion of the Notes. The applicable rate of interest will be determined in accordance with this § 3 of these Terms and Condi-
tions. This does not affect any additional rights that might be available to the Holders. 
(4) Due date for interest payments; optional and mandatory suspension of interest payments. 
(a) Interest which accrues during an Interest Period ending on but excluding a Compulsory Interest Payment Date will be 
due and payable (fällig) on such Compulsory Interest Payment Date, subject to § 3(4)(c) of these Terms and Conditions. 
Where: 
A "Compulsory Deferral Event" will have occurred with respect to the date on which any payment of interest and/or 
Arrears of Interest on the Notes is scheduled to be paid under these Terms and Conditions if 
(i) 
either an Insolvency Event that has occurred on or prior to such date is continuing on such date or the relevant 
payment would result in, or accelerate, the occurrence of an Insolvency Event; or 
(ii) 
there is in effect on such date an order of the Competent Supervisory Authority prohibiting the Issuer from making 
payments under the Notes, or there is in effect on such date any other payment prohibition, whether by statute or 
by order of any authority; or 
(iii) 
either a Solvency Capital Event that has occurred on or prior to such date is continuing on such date or the relevant 
payment would result in, or accelerate, the occurrence of a Solvency Capital Event, unless the conditions under the 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations for the exceptional permission of the payment of the relevant interest and/or 
Arrears of Interest are fulfilled on the relevant date. At the date of issue of the Notes this requires that 
(A) 
on or prior to such date the Competent Supervisory Authority has exceptionally given, and not withdrawn by 
such date, its prior consent to the relevant payment despite the continuing Solvency Capital Event; and 
(B) 
the relevant payment does not lead to a further weakening of the solvency position of the Issuer and/or the 
Issuer's Group; and 
(C) 
 
(I) 
the applicable Solo MCR of the Issuer; and 
(II) 
the applicable Minimum consolidated Group SCR for the Issuer's Group, 
are fulfilled also after the relevant payment of interest and/or Arrears of Interest on the Notes. 
"Compulsory Interest Payment Date" means any Interest Payment Date in respect of which a Dividend Event occurred 
during the six months before that Interest Payment Date, and in respect of which no Compulsory Deferral Event has 
occurred and is continuing. 
"Dividend Event" means any of the following events: 
(i) 
the ordinary general meeting of shareholders (ordentliche Hauptversammlung) of the Issuer validly resolves on any 
dividend, other distribution or payment on any shares of any class of the Issuer; or 
                                                          
rate (payable quarterly in arrear on an Act/360 basis); 
(y) less the Margin defined in § 3(2)(c) of these Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 77 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
77 | 136 
(ii) 
any payment on account of the balance sheet profit is made by the Issuer. 
"Interest Payment Date" means each Fixed Rate Interest Payment Date and each Floating Rate Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period" means each Fixed Rate Interest Period and each Floating Rate Interest Period. 
"Optional Interest Payment Date" means each Interest Payment Date in respect of which no Dividend Event occurred 
during the six months before the relevant Interest Payment Date, and in respect of which no Compulsory Deferral Event 
has occurred and is continuing. 
(b) Interest which accrues during an Interest Period ending on but excluding an Optional Interest Payment Date will be due 
and payable (fällig) on that Optional Interest Payment Date, subject to § 3(4)(c) of these Terms and Conditions, unless the 
Issuer elects, by giving not less than 10 and not more than 15 Business Days' notice to the Holders prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date in accordance with § 10 of these Terms and Conditions, to defer the relevant payment of interest 
(in whole or in part). 
If the Issuer elects to defer, or to only partially pay, accrued interest on an Optional Interest Payment Date, then it will not 
have any obligation to pay accrued interest or will only be obliged to pay such part of the accrued interest it elects to pay, 
respectively, on such Optional Interest Payment Date. Any such non-payment of accrued interest will not constitute a 
default of the Issuer or any other breach of its obligations under the Notes or for any other purpose. 
(c) If a Compulsory Deferral Event has occurred in respect of any Interest Payment Date, interest which accrued during 
the period ending on but excluding such Interest Payment Date will not be due and payable (fällig) on that Interest Payment 
Date. 
Any such failure to pay interest will not constitute a default of the Issuer or any other breach of its obligations under the 
Notes or for any other purpose. 
The Issuer will give notice to the Holders of the occurrence of the Compulsory Deferral Event in accordance with § 10 of 
these Terms and Conditions as soon as practicable after its determination but in no event later than on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. Any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the decision on the deferral, shall in no event 
result in an obligation of the Issuer to make a deferred interest payment at a later date and shall not constitute a default for 
any purpose. If the Issuer has not given the notice on or prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, it shall give it without 
undue delay thereafter. 
(d) Interest accrued in respect of any Interest Period which is not due and payable in accordance with this § 3(4) of these 
Terms and Conditions will constitute arrears of interest ("Arrears of Interest"). Arrears of Interest will not bear interest. 
(5) Payment of Arrears of Interest. 
(a) Optional payment of Arrears of Interest.  The Issuer will be entitled to pay outstanding Arrears of Interest (in whole or 
in part) at any time if the Conditions to Settlement are fulfilled with respect to such payment. 
If the Issuer elects to pay outstanding Arrears of Interest (in whole or in part), it will give not less than 10 and not more than 
15 Business Days' notice to the Holders in accordance with § 10 of these Terms and Conditions which notice will specify 
(i) the amount of Arrears of Interest to be paid and (ii) the date fixed for such payment (the "Optional Settlement Date"). 
Upon such notice being given, the amount of Arrears of Interest specified therein will, subject to the limitations as set forth 
in § 4(5)(c) below, become due and payable (fällig), and the Issuer will be obliged to pay such amount of Arrears of Interest 
on the specified Optional Settlement Date. However, this obligation will cease to exist if on or before the Optional Settle-
ment Date the Conditions to Settlement are not fulfilled with respect to the relevant payment. 
Where: 
The "Conditions to Settlement" are fulfilled on a day with respect to any payment of Arrears of Interest if on such day no 
Compulsory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing. 
(b) Mandatory payment of Arrears of Interest.  The Issuer must pay outstanding Arrears of Interest (in whole but not in part) 
on the next Mandatory Settlement Date.

--- Page 78 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
78 | 136 
Where: 
"Mandatory Settlement Date" means the earlier of the following days: 
(i) 
in respect of any Arrears of Interest that existed prior to the occurrence of a Dividend Event, the next Interest 
Payment Date following the date on which the Dividend Event occurred and on which the Conditions to Settlement 
are fulfilled;  
(ii) 
the date on which the Notes fall due for redemption in accordance with § 5 of these Terms and Conditions; and 
(iii) 
the date on which an order is made for the winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer (other than for the 
purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent, where the continuing 
entity assumes substantially all of the assets and obligations of the Issuer). 
(c) No Default.  If on an Optional Settlement Date or a Mandatory Settlement Date the Conditions to Settlement are not 
fulfilled, Arrears of Interest scheduled to be paid on such date will not become due and payable (fällig) on the relevant 
Optional Settlement Date or Mandatory Settlement Date, as the case may be, but will remain outstanding and will continue 
to be treated as Arrears of Interest. The Issuer will give notice to the Holders regarding the non-fulfilment of the Conditions 
to Settlement in accordance with § 10 of these Terms and Conditions as soon as possible after its determination but in no 
event later than on the fourth Business Day following the relevant Optional Settlement Date or Mandatory Settlement Date. 
Any such failure to pay will not constitute a default of the Issuer or any other breach of its obligations under the Notes or 
for any other purpose. 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1) (a) Payment of Principal.  Payment of principal on the Notes shall be made, subject to § 4(2) below, to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
(b) Payment of Interest.  Payment of interest and any Additional Amounts on the Notes shall be made, subject to § 4(2) 
below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System. 
(c) No compensation for any Taxes.  Without prejudice to the provisions of § 7, the Issuer will not be obliged to pay to the 
Holders any additional amounts as compensation for any Taxes (as defined in § 7(1)). 
(2) Manner of Payment.  Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of amounts due in respect 
of the Notes shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
(3) Discharge.  The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) Business Day Convention.  If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Business Day, 
then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next day that is a Business Day, and shall not be entitled to further 
interest or other payment in respect of such delay.5  
(5) References to Principal and Interest.  References in these Terms and Conditions to "principal" in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Notes. References in these Terms and Conditions to "interest" in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7(1) of these Terms and Conditions) which may be payable 
under § 7(1) of these Terms and Conditions. 
                                                          
5 
Following business day convention unadjusted.

--- Page 79 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
79 | 136 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE 
(1) Redemption at Maturity.  To the extent not previously redeemed or repurchased, the Notes will be redeemed at their 
principal amount plus any interest accrued on such Notes to but excluding the Final Maturity Date but unpaid and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any Arrears of Interest on the Final Maturity Date. 
Where: 
"Final Maturity Date" means either (i) if, on the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase 
pursuant to § 5(6) of these Terms and Conditions are fulfilled, the Scheduled Maturity Date; or (ii) otherwise the first Float-
ing Rate Interest Payment Date following the Scheduled Maturity Date on which the Conditions to Redemption and Repur-
chase are fulfilled. 
"Scheduled Maturity Date" means the Floating Rate Interest Payment Date falling in [●]6. 
(2) Repurchase. 
(a) Subject to the Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase being fulfilled and applicable laws, the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price. Such acquired Notes may 
be cancelled, held or resold. 
(b) The Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase do not have to be fulfilled for purchases made by the Issuer or any of 
its affiliates for the account of a third party or Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS), 
unless the majority of the shares in the relevant UCITS are held by the Issuer or one of its affiliates. 
(c) § 5(2)(a) and (b) of these Terms and Conditions shall apply mutatis mutandis to an acquisition of the Notes by way of 
exchange for other securities. 
(3) Redemption at the Option of the Issuer.  The Issuer may, upon giving a notice of redemption in accordance with § 5(5) 
of these Terms and Conditions and subject to the Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) of these 
Terms and Conditions being fulfilled, call the Notes for early redemption (in whole but not in part) with effect as of each 
Optional Redemption Date. If the Issuer exercises its call right in accordance with sentence 1 and the Conditions to Re-
demption and Repurchase are fulfilled on the Optional Redemption Date specified in the notice, the Issuer shall redeem 
the Notes at their principal amount plus any interest accrued to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date specified in 
the notice but unpaid and, for the avoidance of doubt, any Arrears of Interest, on the Optional Redemption Date specified 
in the notice. 
Where: 
"Optional Redemption Date" means 
[if 3/6 months par call insert:  
(i) 
each Business Day during the period from and including [●] [3/6 months prior to the First Reset Date] to but ex-
cluding the First Reset Date;] 
[(i)][(ii)] the First Reset Date; and 
[(ii)][(iii)] each Floating Rate Interest Payment Date following the First Reset Date. 
(4) Redemption following a Gross-Up Event, a Tax Event, a Regulatory Event, an Accounting Event, a Rating Event or a 
Clean-Up Event.  If prior to [●] a Gross-Up Event, a Tax Event, a Regulatory Event, an Accounting Event, a Rating Event 
or a Clean-Up Event occurs, the Issuer may, upon giving a notice of redemption in accordance with § 5(5) of these Terms 
and Conditions and subject to the Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) of these Terms and 
Conditions being fulfilled, call the Notes for early redemption (in whole but not in part) at any time with effect as of the 
                                                          
6 
The Scheduled Maturity Date must not be earlier than the [twentieth] anniversary of the issue date of the first Tranche of the 
series of Notes.

--- Page 80 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
80 | 136 
redemption date specified in the notice. If the Issuer exercises its call right in accordance with sentence 1 and the Condi-
tions to Redemption and Repurchase are fulfilled on the redemption date specified in the notice, the Issuer shall redeem 
the Notes at their principal amount plus any interest accrued to but excluding the redemption date specified in the notice 
but unpaid and, for the avoidance of doubt, any Arrears of Interest, on the redemption date specified in the notice of 
redemption. 
In the case of a Gross-Up Event, no such notice of redemption may be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be for the first time obliged to pay the Additional Amounts pursuant to § 7 of these Terms and 
Conditions if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
In the case of a Tax Event, no such notice of redemption may be given earlier than 90 days prior to the date, on which the 
deductibility of the interest expense would fall away. 
Where: 
An "Accounting Event" will occur if a confirmation of a recognised auditing firm has been delivered to the Issuer (and the 
Issuer has provided the Principal Paying Agent with a copy thereof) stating that the Issuer, as a result of any change in or 
amendment to the Applicable Accounting Standards, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date 
of issue of the Notes, must not or must no longer (including in case any such change or amendment to the Applicable 
Accounting Standards or their interpretation has retroactive effect) record the obligations under the Notes as liabilities on 
the balance sheet in the Issuer's annual consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with the Applicable 
Accounting Standards and this cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking such measures it (acting in good faith) deems 
appropriate. 
A "Clean-Up Event" will occur if at any time the Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer has purchased Notes equal to or 
more than 80 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes initially issued and the aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes is reduced by this percentage in the Global Note accordingly. 
A "Gross-Up Event" will occur if an opinion of a recognised law firm has been delivered to the Issuer (and the Issuer has 
provided the Fiscal Agent with a copy thereof) stating that, as a result of any change in, or amendment or clarification to, 
the laws, regulations or other rules, or as a result of any change in, or amendment or clarification to, the interpretation or 
application, or as a result of any interpretation or application made for the first time, of any such laws, regulations or other 
rules by any legislative body, court or authority (including the enactment of any legislation and the publication of any 
decision of any court or authority), which change, amendment or clarification becomes effective on or after the date of 
issue of the Notes (including in case any such change, amendment or clarification has retroactive effect), the Issuer has 
or will become obliged to pay Additional Amounts pursuant to § 7 of these Terms and Conditions on the Notes, and that 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking such measures it (acting in good faith) deems reasonable and appropri-
ate. 
A "Rating Event" will occur if, as a consequence of a change in, or clarification to, the rating methodology (or the interpre-
tation thereof) of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") or any respective successor, which change or clarification 
becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the Notes, the capital treatment (including the assigned equity content) 
of the Notes for the Issuer or the Issuer's Group worsens in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, as compared to the capital 
treatment (including the assigned equity content) of the Notes for the Issuer or the Issuer's Group assigned at or around 
the date of issue of the Notes. 
A "Regulatory Event" will occur if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Notes which would be likely to 
result, in whole or in part, in their (A) exclusion from own funds or (B) reclassification as a lower tier of own funds for 
purposes of the determination of 
(i) 
the solvency of the Issuer on an individual basis; and/or 
(ii) 
the group solvency of the Issuer's Group (including the capital adequacy of internationally active insurance groups 
(IAIG)),

--- Page 81 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
81 | 136 
pursuant to the Applicable Supervisory Regulations, except where this is merely the result of exceeding any applicable 
limits on the inclusion of the Notes in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or of the Issuer's Group pursuant to the Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations. 
For the purposes of the determination of the occurrence or a Regulatory Event it suffices that the Issuer has received a 
corresponding communication from the Competent Supervisory Authority. 
A "Tax Event" will occur if an opinion of a recognised law firm has been delivered to the Issuer (and the Issuer has provided 
the Fiscal Agent with a copy thereof) stating that, as a result of any change in, or amendment or clarification to, the laws, 
regulations or other rules, or as a result of any change in, or amendment or clarification to, the interpretation or application, 
or as a result of any interpretation or application made for the first time, of any such laws, regulations or other rules by any 
legislative body, court or authority (including the enactment of any legislation and the publication of any decision of any 
court or authority), which change, amendment or clarification becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the Notes 
(including in case any such change, amendment or clarification has retroactive effect), the interest expense in respect of 
the Notes is no longer, or will no longer be, fully deductible by the Issuer for income tax purposes, and that risk cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer taking such measures it (acting in good faith) deems reasonable and appropriate. 
(5) Notice of redemption.  The Issuer will give not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Holders in accordance 
with § 10 of these Terms and Conditions of any redemption pursuant to § 5(3) of these Terms and Conditions and § 5(4) 
of these Terms and Conditions. In the case of a redemption in accordance with § 5(4) of these Terms and Conditions such 
notice of redemption will set forth the underlying facts of the Issuer's right to redemption and specify the date fixed for 
redemption. 
Even if such notice of redemption pursuant to this § 5(5) of these Terms and Conditions is given, the redemption pursuant 
to § 5(3) of these Terms and Conditions and § 5(4) of these Terms and Conditions is subject to the Conditions to Redemp-
tion and Repurchase being fulfilled on the date fixed for redemption in the notice of redemption. 
(6) Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase.  The "Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase" means the require-
ments that must be fulfilled on any day with respect to a scheduled redemption or a planned repurchase of the Notes 
pursuant to the Applicable Supervisory Regulations in order for the Notes to qualify as Tier 2 Capital. At the date of issue 
of the Notes this requires the following: 
(a) The Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase are fulfilled on any date with respect to a scheduled redemption or a 
planned repurchase of the Notes, if, on such date, 
(i) 
no Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing and the payment of the redemption amount or the purchase 
would not result in, or accelerate, the occurrence of an Insolvency Event (notwithstanding the claims of the Holders 
under the Notes falling due in accordance with the Applicable Insolvency Regulations in insolvency or liquidation 
proceedings over the assets of the Issuer); and 
(ii) 
no Solvency Capital Event has occurred and is continuing or would be caused by the redemption by the Issuer or 
the repurchase of the Notes, unless 
(A) 
the Competent Supervisory Authority, being aware of the occurrence of a Solvency Capital Event that is 
continuing, has given, and not withdrawn by such date, its prior consent to the redemption or to the repur-
chase of the Notes; and 
(B) 
the capital paid-in for the Notes is replaced by or converted into paid-in Tier 1 basic own-fund items, or is 
replaced by or converted into other paid-in Tier 2 basic own-fund items of at least the same quality; and 
(C) 
 
(I) 
the applicable Solo MCR of the Issuer; and 
(II) 
the applicable Minimum consolidated Group SCR for the Issuer's Group, 
are fulfilled also after the redemption or the repurchase of the Notes; and

--- Page 82 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
82 | 136 
(iii) 
the Competent Supervisory Authority has given, and not withdrawn by such day, its prior consent to the redemption 
or to the repurchase of the Notes as required under the Applicable Supervisory Regulations; and 
(iv) 
no Relevant Consolidated Subsidiary Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing on such date, unless the 
Competent Supervisory Authority, being aware of the occurrence of a Relevant Consolidated Subsidiary Insolvency 
Event that is continuing, has not objected to the redemption or the repurchase. 
Where: 
"Institution for Occupational Retirement Provision" means has the meaning given to this term in Directive (EU) 
2016/2341 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 December 2016, as amended from time to time. 
"Insurance Undertaking" has the meaning given to this term in the Solvency II Directive. 
"Relevant Consolidated Subsidiary Insolvency Event" means the opening of insolvency or liquidation proceed-
ings over a subsidiary of [[●] / [the Issuer] that has its seat in a member state of the European Economic Area 
which is an Insurance Undertaking or a Reinsurance Undertaking or any Institution for Occupational Retirement 
Provision (each as defined herein), if and as long as the Issuer determines, in conjunction with the Competent 
Supervisory Authority, that the assets of that subsidiary may or will be insufficient to meet all insurance and rein-
surance and occupational pension obligations of such subsidiary towards policy holders and beneficiaries of insur-
ance and reinsurance contracts or occupational pension schemes of the subsidiary. 
"Reinsurance Undertaking" has the meaning given to this term in the Solvency II Directive. 
(b) Prior to [●]7 any redemption of the Notes in accordance with § 5(4) of these Terms and Conditions following a Gross-
Up Event, a Tax Event, a Regulatory Event are only permitted if, in addition to the conditions pursuant to § 5(6)(a), either 
of the following conditions (i), (ii) or (iii) is met:  
(i) 
the capital paid-in for the Notes is replaced by or converted into paid-in Tier 1 basic own-fund items, or is replaced 
by or converted into other paid-in Tier 2 basic own-fund items of at least the same quality, in each case with the 
prior consent of the Competent Supervisory Authority; or 
(ii) 
in case of a redemption following the occurrence of a Gross-Up Event or a Tax Event, if no replacement or conver-
sion in accordance with § 5(6)(b)(i) of these Terms and Conditions occurs, all of the following conditions are met: 
(A) 
Sufficient Excess Cover exists; and 
(B) 
the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Supervisory Authority that the Gross-Up Event 
or the Tax Event is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the date of issue of the Notes; or 
(iii) 
in case of a redemption following the occurrence of a Regulatory Event, if no replacement or conversion in accord-
ance with § 5(6)(b)(i) of these Terms and Conditions occurs, all of the following conditions are met: 
(A) 
Sufficient Excess Cover exists; and 
(B) 
the Competent Supervisory Authority considers it to be sufficiently certain that the relevant change for the 
Regulatory Event occurs or will occur, and the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent 
Supervisory Authority that the exclusion of the Notes from own funds or their regulatory reclassification was 
not reasonably foreseeable at the date of issue of the Notes. 
(c) Prior to [●]8 any redemption of the Notes in accordance with § 5(4) of these Terms and Conditions for any reason other 
than as specified in § 5(6)(b) of these Terms and Conditions, any repurchase of the Notes in accordance with § 5(2)(a) 
and any Issuer substitution require that, in addition to the conditions pursuant to § 5(6)(a), the capital paid-in for the Notes 
is replaced by or converted into paid-in Tier 1 basic own-fund items, or is replaced by or converted into other paid-in Tier 
                                                          
7 
Insert date falling no earlier than five years from the date of issuance of the Notes. 
8 
Insert date falling no earlier than five years from the date of issuance of the Notes.

--- Page 83 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
83 | 136 
2 basic own-fund items of at least the same quality, in each case with the prior consent of the Competent Supervisory 
Authority. 
(d) If, at the time of a scheduled redemption or a planned repurchase of the Notes, the Applicable Supervisory Regulations 
permit the repayment or repurchase only after compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre-conditions, then 
such other and/or additional pre-conditions shall be deemed to constitute "Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase" 
instead of, or in addition to, the conditions set forth in this § 5(6) above. 
(e) If the Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase are not fulfilled, this will not entitle the Holders to require the Issuer 
to redeem the Notes, and if the Issuer does not redeem the Notes as a result thereof, this shall not constitute a default of 
the Issuer or any other breach of its obligations under the Notes or for any purpose. 
(7) No Redemption at the Option of a Holder.  The Holders have no right to put the Notes for redemption. 
§ 6 
FISCAL AGENT, 
PAYING AGENT[S] AND 
CALCULATION AGENT 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices.  The initial Fiscal Agent, the initial Principal Paying Agent and the initial Calculation 
Agent and their respective initial specified offices are: 
Erste Group Bank AG 
Am Belvedere 1 
A-1100 Vienna 
Austria 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent(s) and the Calculation Agent reserve the right at any time to change their respective 
specified office to some other specified office in the same city. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment.  The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment 
of the Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint another Fiscal Agent, additional or other 
Paying Agents or another Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall at all times maintain: (i) a Fiscal Agent; (ii) for so long as the 
Notes are listed on a stock exchange, a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in such place 
as may be required by the rules of such stock exchange or its supervisory authority, and (iii) a Calculation Agent. The 
Issuer will give notice to the Holders of any variation, termination, appointment or any other change as soon as possible 
upon the effectiveness of such change. 
(3) Agents of the Issuer.  The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer 
and do not have any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to any Holder. 
(4) Determinations Binding.  All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and deci-
sions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions by the Fiscal 
Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, inequitableness or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent and the Holders and, in the absence of the aforesaid, no liability to the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or the Holders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
(1) General Taxation.  All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be 
made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
of whatever nature ("Taxes") imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within the Republic of Austria or by 
any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.

--- Page 84 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
84 | 136 
If the Issuer is required by law to make any withholding or deduction for any Taxes from any payment of interest in respect 
of the Notes, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") to the Holder as shall result in 
receipt by that Holder of such amounts as would have been received by the Holder had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note: 
(a) 
which are payable to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is liable to such Taxes in respect of such Note 
by reason of it having some connection with the Issuer's country of domicile for tax purposes other than the mere 
holding of the Note; or 
(b) 
in respect of any Taxes which are to be withheld or deducted pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international treaty, agreement or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to which the Issuer's country of domicile for tax purposes or the European Union is a 
party, or (iii) any provision of law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, 
Regulation, treaty, agreement or understanding; or 
(c) 
in respect of any Taxes which are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf of 
a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a withholding or deduction by the Issuer from 
payments of interest made by it. 
(2) U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA).  The Issuer is authorised to withhold or deduct from amounts 
payable under the Notes to a Holder or beneficial owner of Notes sufficient funds for the payment of any tax that it is 
required to withhold or deduct pursuant an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the "Code"), or that is otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any 
regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States 
and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices 
implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a "FATCA Withholding"). Nei-
ther the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
§ 8 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 
thirty years (in the case of principal) and three years (in the case of interest) upon the relevant due date. 
§ 9 
FURTHER ISSUES OF NOTES, 
CANCELLATION 
(1) Further Issues of Notes.  The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, issue further Notes 
having the same terms as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the date of issuance, issue price, Interest 
Commencement Date and/or first Interest Payment Date) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
(2) Cancellation.  All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
§ 10 
NOTICES 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on a Stock Exchange, insert: 
(1) Publication.  [If notices may be given by means of a leading daily newspaper, insert: All notices concerning the 
Notes will be published in a leading daily newspaper having general circulation in [Austria] [specify other location]. This 
newspaper is expected to be the [Amtsblatt zur Wiener Zeitung] [insert other applicable newspaper having general 
circulation] in the German or English language [if notices may be given additionally by means of electronic publica-
tion on the website of the relevant stock exchange(s), insert: and will be published on the website of [insert relevant 
stock exchange] under [insert website of the stock exchange]]. [Any notice so given will be deemed to have been 
validly given on the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the date of the first such publication).]]

--- Page 85 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
85 | 136 
[If notices may be given exclusively by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant stock ex-
change (if any), insert: All notices concerning the Notes can also be made by means of electronic publication on the 
website of the [insert relevant stock exchange] (http://www.[insert internet address]). [Any notice so given will be 
deemed to have been validly given on the day of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the first day of such 
publication).]] 
[(1)][(2)] Notification to Clearing System. 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted, insert: The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the Clearing 
System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
to the Holders on the seventh day after the day on which said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on a Stock Exchange, insert: The Issuer may, in lieu of publication set forth in 
subparagraph (1) above, deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing System to 
the Holders, provided that the rules of the stock exchange on which Notes are listed permit such form of notice. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the seventh day after the day on which said notice was given 
to the Clearing System.] 
§ 11 
MEETING OF HOLDERS, 
MODIFICATIONS AND WAIVER 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions.  In accordance with subsequent provisions and subject to complying with 
the regulatory requirements for the qualification of the Notes as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and the Issuer's Group and the 
prior consent of the Competent Supervisory Authority (if under the Applicable Supervisory Regulations such prior consent 
is re-quired at the time), the Holders may agree with the Issuer on amendments of these Terms and Conditions with regard 
to certain matters by resolution with the majority specified below. Majority resolutions of the Holders shall be binding on all 
Holders alike. A majority resolution of the Holders which does not provide for identical conditions for all Holders is void, 
unless Holders who are disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated disadvantageously. 
(2) Measures.  The Holders may consent, by majority resolution, to the following measures, among others: 
(a) 
reduction or exclusion of interest payments; 
(b) 
reduction of the principal amount; 
(c) 
conversion or exchange of the Notes into shares, other securities or other promises of performance; 
(d) 
changes in the currency of the Notes; and 
(e) 
substitution of the Issuer. 
Any amendments will not be made if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably 
be expected to result in a change in the regulatory classification of the Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion 
from own funds or reclassification as a lower quality form of own funds. 
(3) Convening a Meeting of Holders.  The Holders' meeting shall be convened by the Issuer or by the Joint Representative 
. It shall be convened if Holders who together hold 5 per cent. of the outstanding Notes request such convocation in writing 
for the purpose of appointing or removing a Joint Representative, passing a resolution in order to render a termination 
invalid or for any other particular interest in such convocation. 
(4) Contents of the Convening Notice, Publication.  The convening notice shall state the name and the registered office of 
the Issuer and the time of the Holders' meeting, the agenda and the conditions on which attendance at the Holders' meeting 
and the exercise of voting rights shall depend. The convening notice shall be published pursuant to § 10 of these Terms 
and Conditions.

--- Page 86 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
86 | 136 
(5) Convening Period, Evidence.  The Holders' meeting shall be called at least 14 calendar days before the date of the 
meeting. As evidence for the entitlement to participate in the Holders' meeting a special confirmation issued by the Clearing 
System or the Custodian (as defined in § 1(5) of these Terms and Conditions) in text form shall be presented. 
(6) Agenda.  The convening party shall include in the agenda a proposed resolution for each subject on which the Holders' 
meeting is to pass a resolution. The agenda of the Holders' meeting shall be published together with the convening notice. 
No resolutions may be passed on agenda items that have not been published in the required manner. Holders who together 
hold 5 per cent. of the outstanding Notes may request that new items be published for resolution. Such new items must be 
published no later than the third calendar day preceding the Holders' meeting. Without undue delay and until the date of 
the Holders' meeting, the Issuer shall make available to the Holders on its website ("www.vig.com"), any counter-motions 
announced by a Holder before the meeting. 
(7) Quorum.  The Chairperson shall prepare a register of Holders participating in the vote. Such register shall include the 
Holders' names, their registered offices or places of residence and the number of voting rights represented by each Holder. 
Such register shall be signed by the Chairperson of the meeting and be made available without undue delay to all Holders. 
The Holders' meeting shall have a quorum if the persons present represent at least fifty per cent. of the outstanding Notes 
by value. If the Holders' meeting does not have a quorum, the Chairperson may convene a second meeting for the purposes 
of passing the resolution(s) anew. Such second meeting requires no quorum. For resolutions which require a qualified 
majority the persons present must represent at least 25 per cent. of the outstanding Notes. Notes for which voting rights 
have been suspended shall not be included in the outstanding Notes. 
(8) Majority Requirements.  Resolutions relating to material amendments of these Terms and Conditions, in particular con-
sents to the measures set out in § 11(2) above shall be passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. (Qualified 
Majority) of the votes cast. Resolutions relating to amendments of these Terms and Conditions which are not material 
require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
(9) Vote without a Meeting.  All votes will be taken exclusively by vote taken without a meeting. The vote shall be conducted 
by the scrutineer. The scrutineer shall be a notary appointed by the Issuer, or the Joint Representative if it has requested 
such vote. The request for voting shall set out the period within which votes may be cast. Such period shall be at least 
72 hours. During the voting period, the Holders may cast their votes to the scrutineer in text form. The request shall set out 
in detail the conditions to be met in order for the votes to be valid. The scrutineer shall ascertain the entitlement to cast a 
vote by means of the evidence provided and shall prepare a list of Holders entitled to vote. If it is ascertained that no 
quorum exists, the scrutineer may convene a Holders' meeting, which shall be deemed to be a second Holders' meeting 
within the meaning of § 11(7) of these Terms and Conditions. Any resolution passed by the vote shall be recorded in the 
minutes by a notary. Each Holder participating in the vote may request within one year of the end of the voting period a 
copy of the minutes and its annexes from the Issuer. Each Holder participating in the vote may object to the result in writing 
within two weeks of publication of the resolutions. The scrutineer shall decide on any such objection. If it takes remedial 
action as a result of the objection, it shall publish the result without undue delay. § 11(13) of these Terms and Conditions 
shall apply mutatis mutandis. If the scrutineer does not take remedial action as a result of the objection, it shall notify the 
objecting Holder without undue delay in writing. 
(10) Voting Right.  Each Holder shall participate in votes in accordance with the principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
held by such Holder. Voting rights are suspended with respect to the shares attributable to the Issuer or any of its subsid-
iaries or held for the account of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries. The Issuer may not make available Notes for which 
the voting rights have been suspended to any third party for the purposes of exercising the voting rights in lieu of the Issuer. 
This shall also apply to any subsidiaries of the Issuer. Exercise of voting rights for the purposes specified above is prohib-
ited. It is prohibited to offer, promise or grant any advantage as consideration to any person entitled to vote not to vote, or 
to vote in a particular way, in a Holders' meeting or a vote. No person entitled to vote may require, accept any promise of 
or accept any advantage or consideration for not voting, or voting in a particular way, in a Holders' meeting or a vote. 
(11) Chair of the Vote.  The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the Joint Representative has 
convened the vote, by the Joint Representative (the "Chairperson").

--- Page 87 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
87 | 136 
(12) Voting, Minutes.  The provisions of the Austrian Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) regarding the voting of share-
holders in the general meeting shall apply mutatis mutandis to the casting and counting of votes. In order to be valid, any 
resolution passed by the Holders' meeting shall be recorded in minutes of the meeting. The minutes shall be recorded by 
a notary. 
(13) Publication of Resolutions.  The Issuer shall publish the resolutions passed by the Holders in appropriate form and at 
its own expense. The resolutions shall be published without undue delay pursuant § 10 of these Terms and Conditions. In 
addition, for a period of at least one month commencing on the calendar day following the Holders' meeting, the Issuer 
shall make available to the public on its website ("www.vig.com") the resolutions passed by the Holders and, if these Terms 
and Conditions are amended by a Holders' resolution, the wording of the original Terms and Conditions. 
(14) Implementation of Resolutions.  Resolutions passed by the Holders' meeting which amend or supplement the contents 
of these Terms and Conditions shall be implemented in such a way that the relevant Global Note is supplemented or 
amended. If the Global Note has been deposited with a central securities depository, the Chairperson of the meeting or 
the scrutineer shall forward for this purpose the contents of the resolution recorded in the minutes to the central securities 
depository, requesting it to add the documents submitted to the existing documents in appropriate form. It shall affirm to 
the central securities depository that the resolution may be implemented. 
(15) Joint Representative.  The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a joint representative (the "Joint Representa-
tive") to exercise the Holders' rights on behalf of each Holder. 
(16) Exclusion of the Applicability of the Austrian Notes Trustee Act.  The applicability of the provisions of the Austrian 
Notes Trustee Act (Kuratorengesetz) and the Austrian Notes Trustee Supplementation Act (Kuratorenergänzungsgesetz) 
is explicitly excluded in relation to the Notes. 
§ 12 
SUBSTITUTION 
(1) Substitution.  The Issuer may at any time, without the consent of the Holders, substitute for itself any other company 
(other than an insurance undertaking) which is directly or indirectly controlled by the Issuer, as new issuer (the "New 
Issuer") in respect of all obligations arising under or in connection with the Notes with the effect of releasing the Issuer of 
all such obligations, if: 
(a) 
the New Issuer assumes any and all obligations of the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Notes; and 
(b) 
the Issuer and the New Issuer have obtained all internal authorisations necessary for the substitution and the fulfil-
ment of the obligations arising under or in connection with the Notes and the Competent Supervisory Authority 
having given its prior consent to the substitution; and 
(c) 
the New Issuer is in the position to pay to the Clearing System in the Specified Currency and without deducting or 
withholding any taxes or other duties of whatever nature imposed, levied or deducted by the country (or countries) 
in which the New Issuer has its domicile or tax residence all amounts required for the performance of the payment 
obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes; and 
(d) 
the Issuer irrevocably guarantees on a subordinated basis such obligations of the New Issuer under the Notes on 
terms which ensure that each Holder will be put in an economic position that is not less as favourable as that which 
would have existed if the substitution had not taken place; and 
(e) 
the Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase are fulfilled at the time of the substitution; these, which shall apply 
mutatis mutandis to the substitution. 
(2) References.  In the event of a substitution pursuant to § 12(1) of these Terms and Conditions, any reference in these 
Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall be a reference to the New Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt this shall apply only to the extent that the meaning and purpose of the relevant condition 
requires that the relevant reference shall continue to be a reference only to VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener 
Versicherung Gruppe (i.e. in particular in relation to the solvency applicable to VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener

--- Page 88 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
88 | 136 
Versicherung Gruppe and the group solvency of the Issuer's Group, the Insolvency Event, the Accounting Event, the Rating 
Event and § 5(2) of these Terms and Conditions), or that the reference shall be to the New Issuer and VIENNA INSUR-
ANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe, in relation to its obligations under the guarantee pursuant to § 12(1)(d) 
of these Terms and Conditions, at the same time (Gross-Up Event, Tax Event, Regulatory Event, Accounting Event, Rating 
Event and Taxation). 
In the event of a substitution any reference to the Republic of Austria in § 13 of these Terms and Conditions shall be a 
reference to the New Issuer's country of domicile for tax purposes. 
(3) Notice and Effectiveness of Substitution.  Notice of any substitution of the Issuer shall be given by notice in accordance 
with § 10 of these Terms and Conditions. Upon such publication, the substitution shall become effective, and the Issuer 
and in the event of a repeated application of this §12 of these Terms and Conditions, any previous New Issuer shall be 
discharged from any and all obligations under the Notes. In the case of such substitution, the stock exchange(s), if any, on 
which the Notes are then listed at the initiative of the Issuer will be notified. 
(4) Reversal.  Following a substitution pursuant to this § 12 of these Terms and Conditions any New Issuer may, with the 
consent of VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe, after giving notice in accordance with § 10 
of these Terms and Conditions and without the consent of the Holders, reverse the substitution. 
§ 13 
APPLICABLE LAW, 
PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
(1) Applicable Law.  The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Austrian law except for its conflict of law rules as far as such rules 
would lead to the application of foreign law. 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction.  The competent Austrian courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may 
arise out of or in connection with any Notes (including any legal action or proceedings relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes). 
(3) Enforcement.  Any Holder of Notes may in any proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Holder and the Issuer 
are parties, protect and enforce in its own name its rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued 
by the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name 
and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of the Notes credited to such securities account 
on the date of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System con-
taining the information pursuant to (a) and (b), and (ii) a copy of the Global Note certified as being a true copy by a duly 
authorised officer of the Clearing System or a depositary of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such 
proceedings of the actual records or the Global Note representing the Notes. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the 
foregoing, protect and enforce its rights under the Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the 
proceedings.

--- Page 89 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
89 | 136 
 
IV. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the Debt 
Issuance Programme] 
[insert date] 
FINAL TERMS 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Dis-
tribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Conse-
quently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES ONLY 
TARGET MARKET 
Solely for the purposes of [the] [each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distribu-
tor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES ONLY 
TARGET MARKET 
Solely for the purposes of [the] [each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [specify nega-
tive target market, if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA

--- Page 90 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
90 | 136 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]9 
 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe 
[insert title of relevant Tranche of Notes] (the "Notes") 
issued pursuant to the 
Debt Issuance Programme 
of 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe 
[Initial] Issue Price: [     ] per cent. [plus the issue charge mentioned in Part B.] 
 
Issue Date: [     ]10 
Series No.: [     ] 
Tranche No.: [     ] 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended and 
must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated [16] March 2021[, and its supplement[s]]) (the "Base Pro-
spectus") pertaining to the Debt Issuance Programme (the "Programme"). The Base Prospectus and any supplements 
thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the Issuer's website ("www.vig.com"). Full information on the Issuer 
and the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of the Base Prospectus, any supplements thereto and these 
Final Terms. 
PART A. – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
[In case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes shall be determined by replicating the relevant 
provisions set forth in this Base Prospectus as Option I, Option II or Option III (including any further options 
contained in such Options), and completing the relevant placeholders, insert: 
The Conditions applicable to the Notes are set out below:  
[In the case of Notes with a fixed interest rate the relevant provisions of Option I (including relevant further options 
set out therein) shall be replicated and relevant placeholders shall be completed.] 
[In the case of Notes with a floating interest rate the relevant provisions of Option II (including relevant further 
options set out therein) shall be replicated and relevant placeholders shall be completed.]  
[In the case of Euro denominated dated subordinated Notes which commence with a fixed interest rate which is 
superseded by a floating interest rate the relevant provisions of Option III (including relevant further options set 
out therein) shall be replicated and relevant placeholders shall be completed.]] 
                                                          
9 
Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible 
Counterparties only". The legend may not be necessary for a programme with a non-UK MiFIR issuer if the Dealers in relation to the Notes 
are also not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, 
there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or both are 
included. 
10 
The Issue Date is the date of issue and payment of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery date.

--- Page 91 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
91 | 136 
[In case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes shall be determined by making reference to the 
relevant provisions set forth in this Base Prospectus as Option I, Option II or Option III (including any further 
options contained in such Options), insert: 
This Part A. of the Final Terms shall be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions of the Notes that applies 
to [subordinated] Notes [with a fixed interest rate] [with a floating interest rate] [which commence with a fixed interest rate 
which is superseded by a floating interest rate] (the "Terms and Conditions") and that is set forth in the Base Prospectus 
as [Option I] [Option II] [Option III]. Capitalised terms not otherwise defined in these Final Terms shall have the meanings 
specified in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes when used in these Final Terms. 
All references in this Part A. of the Final Terms to sections and paragraphs are to sections and paragraphs of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes.  
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed 
to be completed by the information contained in these Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks of 
such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes corresponding to items in these Final Terms which 
are either not selected or completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes applicable to the Notes.]  
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1) 
 
Currency and Denomination 
 
Specified Currency 
[     ] 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
[     ] 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words 
[     ] 
Specified Denomination 
[     ]11 
Form of the Notes 
 
☐ 
Non-TEFRA with Permanent Global Note held in OeKB CSD 
 
☐ 
TEFRA D with Global Notes held in the ICSDs 
 
[Clearing System12 
 
☐ 
OeKB CSD GmbH, Strauchgasse 1-3, A-1010 Vienna, Austria ("OeKB 
CSD"), also for Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg, 42 Avenue 
J.F. Kennedy, LU-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-
1210 Brussels, Belgium ("Euroclear") as accountholders in OeKB CSD 
and any successor in such capacity 
 
☐ 
other Clearing System 
[specify]] 
INTEREST (§ 3) 
 
☐ 
Senior Fixed Rate Notes (Option I) 
Rate of Interest 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
Interest Commencement Date 
[     ] 
☐ 
Short or long first or last Interest Period 
[[first] [last] payment of interest] 
Regular interest payments 
[quarterly] [semi-annually] [annually] 
                                                          
11 
Minimum EUR 100,000 or equivalent. 
12 
In case of Non-TEFRA with Permanent Global Note held in OeKB CSD.

--- Page 92 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
92 | 136 
Interest Payment Dates 
[     ] 
First Interest Payment Date 
[     ] 
Calculation of Amount of Interest 
rounding the resultant figure to the near-
est [sub-]unit of the Specified Currency 
Day Count Fraction 
 
☐ 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
 
Determination Date(s) 
[     ] 
☐ 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
☐ 
Actual/360 
 
☐ 
30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
 
☐ 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis 
 
☐ 
Senior Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
Interest Commencement Date 
[     ] 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
[     ] 
Original Benchmark Rate 
[insert number]-month Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate 
Margin 
[insert number] per cent. per annum 
Screen Page 
[Reuters screen page EURIBOR01] [in-
sert other applicable Screen Page] 
Reference Rate applicable, under certain circumstances, to the first In-
terest Period 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
Reference Rate applicable, under certain circumstances, to the first and 
each subsequent Interest Period 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
☐ 
Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes (Option III) 
Fixed Rate Interest Periods (§ 3 (1)) 
Fixed Rate of Interest 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
Interest Commencement Date 
[     ] 
Reset Date 
[     ] 
☐ 
Short or long first or last Interest Period 
[[first] [last] payment of interest] 
☐ 
No short or long first or last Interest Period 
[Interest] 
Regular fixed rate interest payments 
[quarterly] [semi-annually] [annually]  
Fixed Rate Interest Payment Date(s) 
[     ] 
First Fixed Rate Interest Payment Date 
[     ] 
Calculation of Amount of Interest 
rounding the resultant figure to the near-
est [sub-]unit of the Specified Currency

--- Page 93 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
93 | 136 
Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction 
 
Fixed Rate Determination Date(s) 
[     ] 
Floating Rate Interest Periods (§ 3 (2)) 
Specified Floating Rate Interest Payment Dates 
[     ] 
Original Benchmark Rate 
[insert applicable number of months]-
month Euro Interbank Offered Rate  
Margin 
[insert number] per cent. per annum 
Screen Page 
[Reuters screen page EURIBOR01] [in-
sert other applicable Screen Page] 
Reference Rate applicable, under certain circumstances, to the first In-
terest Period 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
Reference Rate applicable, under certain circumstances, to the first and 
each subsequent Interest Period 
[     ] per cent. per annum] 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
 
Redemption at Maturity 
 
[Scheduled]13 Maturity Date 
[     ] 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
 
Optional Redemption Date 
 
[Optional Redemption Date(s) 
[     ]]14 
[☐ 
[3 / 6 /other] months par call 
the period from and including [     ] [3 / 
6 / other] months prior to the First Reset 
Date]]15 
[Redemption following a Gross-Up Event, a Tax Event, a Regulatory 
Event, an Accounting Event, a Rating Event or a Clean-Up Event 
 
Date falling no earlier than five years from the date of issuance of the Notes  
[     ]]16 
[Redemption at the Option of the Holders 
[yes] [no] 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
[     ]]17 
[Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase 
 
Date falling no earlier than five years from the date of issuance of the Notes 
[     ] 
Date falling no earlier than five years from the date of issuance of the Notes 
Any redemption of the Notes prior to 
[     ] 
Date falling no earlier than five years from the date of issuance of the Notes 
Any repurchase of the Notes prior to 
[     ]]18 
                                                          
13 
In case of Option III (Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes). 
14 
In case of Option I (Senior Fixed Rate Notes) and Option II (Senior Floating Rate Notes). 
15 
In case of Option III (Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes). 
16 
In case of Option III (Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes). 
17 
In case of Option I (Senior Fixed Rate Notes) and Option II (Senior Floating Rate Notes). 
18 
In case of Option III (Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes).

--- Page 94 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
94 | 136 
NOTICES [(§ 11)][(§ 10)] 
 
Notes are listed on a stock exchange 
[yes] [no] 
[Place and medium of publication19 
 
☐ 
Leading daily newspaper 
 
General circulation of newspaper 
[Austria] [specify other location] 
Newspaper 
[Amtsblatt zur Wiener Zeitung] [insert 
other applicable newspaper having gen-
eral circulation] 
☐ 
Additionally, electronic publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange(s) 
 
Relevant stock exchange 
[insert relevant stock exchange] 
Website of relevant stock exchange 
[insert website of the stock exchange] 
☐ 
Exclusively electronic publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange 
 
Relevant stock exchange 
[insert relevant stock exchange] 
Website of relevant stock exchange 
[insert internet address] 
☐ 
Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the 
date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the date of 
the first such publication).] 
 
                                                          
19 
In case of Notes which are listed on a Stock Exchange.

--- Page 95 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
95 | 136 
PART B. – OTHER INFORMATION 
ESSENTIAL INFORMATION 
 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue or the Offering 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] 
☐ 
Other Interests, including conflicts of interest 
[specify details] 
Use of Proceeds 
[The net proceeds from this issuance 
of Notes will be used for general cor-
porate and financing purposes of the 
Group.] [The Issuer intends to use the 
net proceeds from this issuance of 
Notes for ESG Projects in line with the 
VIG Sustainability Bond Framework 
established by the Group.] [specify 
details] 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds 
[     ] 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SECURITIES TO BE OFFERED OR ADMITTED TO TRADING 
Security Codes 
 
☐ 
ISIN  
[     ] 
☐ 
Common Code 
[     ] 
☐ 
Any Other Security Code 
[     ] 
Issue Yield20 
[Not applicable] [[     ] per cent. per an-
num [until the First Reset Date] (in 
case there is no early redemption).] 
Issue charge 
[Not applicable] [[     ] per cent.] 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by virtue of which the Notes will be cre-
ated and/or issued 
[specify details] 
[Offeror of the Notes and/or the person asking for admission to trading21 
[Insert the identity and contact de-
tails of the offeror of the Notes 
and/or the person asking for admis-
sion to trading, including the legal 
entity identifier (LEI) where the offe-
ror has legal personality]] 
PLACING AND UNDERWRITING 
 
Method of Distribution 
 
☐ 
Non-Syndicated 
 
☐ 
Syndicated 
 
 
 
                                                          
20 
Applicable only in the case of Option I (Senior Fixed Rate Notes) and Option III (Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes). 
21 
Insert only if the offeror of the Notes and/or the person asking for admission to trading is different from the Issuer.

--- Page 96 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
96 | 136 
Details with regard to the Manager[s] (including the type of commitment) 
 
☐ 
Manager[s] 
[specify name(s) and address(es) of 
Manager(s)] 
☐ 
Firm Commitment 
 
☐ 
Without Firm Commitment 
 
☐ 
Stabilising Manager 
[specify details] [Not applicable] 
LISTING[S], ADMISSION[S] TO TRADING AND DEALING ARRANGEMENTS 
Listing[s] 
[Yes] [No] 
☐ 
Vienna - Official Market 
 
☐ 
Other 
[     ] 
[Expected] Date of Admission 
[     ] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to the admission to trading 
[     ] 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Rating[s] 
 
[As at the date of these Final Terms the Notes [have not been rated. The Issuer 
reserves the right to apply for a rating in future.] [have been rated as follows:]] [It is 
expected that the Notes will be rated as follows:]22 
 
[Insert details on whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Union and is registered (pursuant 
to the current list of registered and certified credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities 
and Markets Authority (www.esma.europa.eu)) pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended or has applied 
for registration.] 
Representation of Holders 
[Insert details on representation of Holders including an identification of the organisation representing the investors 
and provisions applying to such representation. Indication of the website where investors may have free access to the 
contracts relating to these forms of representation.] 
Selling Restrictions 
 
TEFRA 
 
☐ 
TEFRA D 
 
☐ 
Non-TEFRA 
 
Additional Selling Restrictions 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
[Third Party Information 
 
[specify relevant information] has been extracted from [specify relevant source of information]. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, as far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information pub-
lished by [specify relevant source of information], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
[Statement on benchmarks according to Article 29 (2) of the Benchmark Regulation: 
                                                          
22 
If the Notes have been rated independently of the Programme insert such ratings.

--- Page 97 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
97 | 136 
[[As of the Reset Date the] [The] amount(s) payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (Euribor), which is provided by European Money Markets Institute. As at the date of these Final Terms, European Money 
Markets Institute appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Secu-
rities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "BMR").] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
By: 
By: 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 98 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
98 | 136 
V. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise disclosed in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds from the issue of Notes under the Programme 
will be used for general funding purposes of VIG Group.  
For ESG-Notes, as specified the Final Terms, VIG Group will allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of the ESG-
Notes to assets that meet the eligibility criteria defined in the sustainability bond framework of VIG Group (the "VIG Sus-
tainability Bond Framework") and include projects or assets in the following eligible categories (the "ESG Projects"): 
− 
Green Buildings 
− 
Renewable Energy 
− 
Clean Transportation 
− 
Energy Efficiency 
− 
Affordable Housing 
− 
Access to Essential Services 
The VIG Sustainability Bond Framework is publicly available on the Issuer's website (www.vig.com/de/investor-rela-
tions/anleihen).The VIG Sustainability Bond Framework is not incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Management of Proceeds 
The allocation of an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the issue of Notes under the Programme will be managed 
by VIG Group (Asset Management) using a portfolio approach. 
Pending full allocation of an amount equivalent to the net proceeds to eligible assets, the net proceeds will be invested on 
a temporary basis in accordance with the relevant internal treasury policies, in cash, cash equivalents or similar instru-
ments. 
Reporting 
Within one year of the issue date of the first issue of ESG-Notes under the Programme, and annually thereafter until full 
allocation of an amount equivalent to the net proceeds as well as in the event of any material changes, VIG Group will 
publish (i) an allocation report and (ii) an impact report, subject to the availability of suitable information and data via VIG 
Group website at www.vig.com. 
The allocation report will include: 
− 
The total amount of proceeds allocated to eligible assets per category; 
− 
a list of the eligible assets in the eligible project portfolio, including a description of the projects and allocated 
amounts, subject to confidentiality considerations; 
− 
the proportion of refinancing vs. financing; and 
− 
the remaining balance of unallocated amounts, if any. 
VIG Group will also publish the impact report on selected environmental impacts of its eligible assets, subject to the avail-
ability of suitable information and data. Ability to report impact metrics associated with investments in eligible assets will 
depend on the specifics of any relevant investment management contract, the underlying economic activity financed, and 
the position of VIG Group in the investment chain. VIG Group anticipates that the primary impact metrics which may be 
available for reporting will be tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent emissions (tCO2e) avoided, the number of beneficiaries 
of health/education projects and numbers of affordable housing units made available. 
External Review 
Sustainalytics have provided a Second Party Opinion on the VIG Sustainability Bond Framework. The Second Party Opin-
ion is not incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Sustainalytics, a provider of environmental, social and governance (ESG) research and analysis, evaluated the VIG Sus-
tainability Bond Framework and the alignment thereof with relevant market standards and provided views on the robust-
ness and credibility of the VIG Sustainability Bond Framework which views are intended to inform investors in general, and 
not for a specific investor.

--- Page 99 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
99 | 136 
VI. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND VIG GROUP 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe is registered as a joint-stock corporation (Aktiengesell-
schaft) in the Austrian Company Register (Firmenbuch) at the Vienna commercial court (Handelsgericht Wien) under com-
pany registration number FN 75687 f. The Issuer was incorporated on 9 December 1991 and is established for an indefinite 
period of time. It operates under Austrian law. Its commercial name is "Vienna Insurance Group" or "VIG Holding".  
The registered office of VIG is Schottenring 30, A-1010 Vienna, Austria. Its telephone number is +43 50 390-22000 and 
its website is www.vig.com. The information on the Issuer's website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (please see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" 
above).  
The Issuer's legal entity identifier (LEI) code is 549300JCRU23I1THU176.  
2. 
BACKGROUND AND HISTORY 
The roots of VIG Group go back to the year 1824, when "Wechselseitige k.u.k. priv. Brandschadenversicherungsanstalt" 
(mutual imperial and royal private fire insurance institute) the oldest of the insurance companies from which today's Wiener 
Städtische Versicherung AG Vienna Insurance Group ("Wiener Städtische") and subsequently VIG and VIG Group 
emerged was founded. 
About a year after the fall of the Iron Curtain, VIG Group became one of the first insurance companies in Western Europe 
to enter the insurance markets of Central and Eastern Europe ("CEE"). On 30 October 1990, the former Wiener Städtische 
decided to acquire an interest in the newly formed cooperative insurance company "Kooperative-Tschechoslowakische 
Versicherungs AG". With this act, the expansion into the countries of the former Eastern Bloc had begun. Up to that point, 
VIG Group had done its business almost exclusively within Austria. Over the years that followed, however, it proceeded to 
expand its business operations beyond Austrian borders. 
Since 1996, Wiener Städtische has gradually continued its expansion direction into CEE. Between 1996 and 1999, VIG 
Group entered the Hungarian, Polish, and Croatian insurance markets, opened a branch office in Italy and a company in 
Liechtenstein. In the course of the following seven years, market entries followed in Romania, Belarus, Bulgaria, Serbia, 
Slovenia, Ukraine and Georgia.  
Starting in early 2006, the umbrella brand "Vienna Insurance Group" was introduced. This umbrella brand is intended to 
demonstrate the cohesion of the insurance companies in VIG Group, which will continue to operate under the names and 
brands they have established in their local markets as part of VIG Group's multi-brand strategy. 
In 2007, VIG Group further expanded its geographic presence in CEE by conducting major acquisitions. After entering the 
insurance markets in Albania, North Macedonia and Turkey, VIG Group has also become active in the three EU countries 
Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. 
In 2010, as part of a restructuring, the operating business Wiener Städtische in Austria was separated out from the inter-
national holding company activities in VIG. The change has enabled the Issuer to focus on the task of managing VIG 
Group, as well as on the reinsurance and international corporate business. The transparent structures and processes 
created within VIG Group have allowed management to become more efficient. 
By entering the markets of Montenegro in 2010, Bosnia and Herzegovina in 2011 and Moldova in 2014, VIG Group gained 
access to the last blank areas of the map of CEE. In 2019 VIG Group expanded its activity in Northern Europe via branch 
offices in Sweden, Norway and Denmark. 
With this growth by acquisition and organic growth of the last decades, VIG Group has increased its premium volume more 
than tenfold to over EUR 10 billion since the start of the expansion and is active in 30 markets with around 50 companies 
and about 25,000 employees. Further, a market share of around 18% makes it the leading insurance group in CEE (Source: 
VIG-internal calculation on the basis of the market data referred to in section VII. Business Overview – 1. Markets below),

--- Page 100 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
100 | 136 
where more than half of its profits and premium volume are now generated. 
3. 
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 
The Issuer's business objectives as stated in section 2 of its articles of association (dated 24 May 2019) include: 
The object of the Issuer's business shall be the strategic management and execution of the central group functions includ-
ing infrastructure. In addition, the Issuer carries on the casualty insurance business and property insurance business (prop-
erty damage insurance and pecuniary loss insurance) as well as the reinsurance business in those branches for which the 
Issuer has the approval of the insurance supervision authority (Versicherungsaufsichtsbehörde).  
Insofar as they are directly related to the operation of the contract insurance, the following measures are also the subject 
of the Issuer: 
(a) 
participation in other companies;  
(b) 
insurance brokerage;  
(c) 
the activity of an advisor in insurance matters;  
(d) 
arranging mortgage loans and personal loans as well as arranging the purchase and sale of securities, insofar as 
these activities are related to insurance operations; 
(e) 
the brokerage of building loan contracts; 
(f) 
the provision of services in automatic data processing and information technology; 
(g) 
the establishment and management of organizational facilities for companies in which the Issuer is involved or with 
which a cooperation agreement has been concluded; 
(h) 
the performance of administrative tasks for companies in which the Issuer is involved or with which a cooperation 
agreement has been concluded; 
(i) 
the operation of private hospitals in the form of a company outpatient clinic for the medical care of the Issuer's 
employees. 
The operation of the Issuer extends to Austria and abroad.  
4. 
FINANCIAL YEAR AND AUDIT 
The Issuer's financial year corresponds to the calendar year and commences on 1 January and ends on 31 December. 
The Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2018 and 31 December 
2019 were audited by KPMG Austria GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungs und Steuerberatungsgesellschaft at Porzellangasse 51, 
1090 Vienna. The German language audit opinions for the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years 
ended 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019 do not contain any qualifications and were rendered on 20 March 2019 
and 23 March 2020, respectively. The auditors and their responsible employees are members of the Austrian Chamber of 
Chartered Accountants (Kammer der Steuerberater und Wirtschaftsprüfer). 
5. 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND CERTAIN ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE 
MEASURES 
The Alternative Performance Measures presented below provide investors, securities analysts and other interested parties 
with additional information to assess the operating performance and financial standing of VIG Group's business activities. 
These key figures and financial ratios are not defined under IFRS and should therefore not be considered as an alternative 
to the applicable IFRS financial measures which are incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by reference" above). Alternative Performance Measures have limitations and should not be considered in 
isolation, or as substitutes for financial information as reported under IFRS. Accordingly, investors should not place undue 
reliance on any Alternative Performance Measure presented herein (see also "Alternative Performance Measures" above).

--- Page 101 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
101 | 136 
 
Premiums 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Gross written premium (GWP) 
EUR mn 
9,657.3 
10,399.4 
10,428.5 
Results 
 
 
 
 
Results before taxes 
EUR mn 
485.4 
521.6 
345.9 
Net result of the period after taxes and non-controlling interest 
EUR mn 
268.9 
331.3 
231.5 
Return on Equity (RoE) 
% 
8.9 
10.5 
7,9 
Solvency 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
SCR Ratio 
% 
239 
210 
238 
Own Funds 
EUR mn 
7,734 
7,657 
8,780 
Solvency capital requirement (SCR) 
EUR mn 
3,241 
3,652 
3,688 
Combined Ratio 
 
 
 
 
Claims ratio 
% 
64.7 
63.7 
62.8 
Cost ratio 
% 
31.3 
31.7 
32.2 
Combined ratio (COR) 
% 
96.0 
95.4 
95.0 
 
Gross written premium (GWP). The gross written premium (GWP) consists of all premium income from all lines of business 
in all business segments. Premium income includes the sum of premium which is invoiced to all insurance clients in order 
to fulfil the insurance contract and to provide insurance coverage for a calendar year. This does not imply that the premium 
is already collected, but it refers to the gross policy premium to be collected as of the issue date of the policy, regardless 
of the actual payment.  
Return on equity (RoE). Return on equity (RoE) measures the profitability of VIG Group by expressing the result before 
taxes as a ratio of the capital employed. This ratio is calculated by dividing the result before taxes and non-controlling 
interests by the average shareholders' equity. Shareholders’ equity adjusted for a provision for unrealised gains and losses 
is used for this purpose. 
For the financial year 2019, the calculation is the following: 
Results before taxes: 
 
EUR 521.6 Mio 
 
Average shareholders' equity: 
thereof revaluation reserve: 
equity net of revaluation reserve: 
 
as of 31 December 2018: EUR 5,835.7 
EUR 370.1 
EUR 5,465.6 
 
as of 31 December 2019: EUR 5,190.7 
EUR 764.3 
EUR 4,426.4 
Average of equity net of revaluation reserve: 
 
EUR 4,946.0 
 
RoE (results before taxes of 2019 divided by 
average of equity net of revaluation reserve):  
 
10.5% 
 
Solvency capital requirement – SCR Ratio (in per cent). The calculation of the SCR Ratio is defined by EIOPA standards 
as the sum of own funds divided by the solvency capital requirement. Both inputs are calculated according to EIOPA 
standards. A ratio above 100% is mandated by financial market authorities for the prolongation of the going concern prin-
ciple. Additionally, VIG defines a specific comfort zone as suitable for VIG Group.  
The solvency capital requirement ("SCR") represents the size of an insurance company's economic capital that needs to 
be held in order to fulfil the minimum capital requirement under Solvency II. Solvency II itself is a risk-based regime, 
stipulated as a directive in EU law to reduce the risk of insolvency of a primary or reinsurance company. It is calculated to 
ensure that all quantifiable risks (market, credit, underwriting risks) are taken into account and covered by capital to address

--- Page 102 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
102 | 136 
the most significant losses based on a 99.5% confidence level. 
Combined Ratio (COR). The combined ratio is calculated as the sum of all underwriting income and expenses, and net 
payments for claims and insurance benefits, including the net change in underwriting provisions, divided by net earned 
premiums in the property and casualty line of business. It is the sum of the net loss ratio and the net cost ratio. 
The net loss ratio represents the ratio of all net claims expenses (claims paid plus movement of technical reserves) divided 
by the net earned premium (Gross Written Premium minus re-insurance premium ceded plus the movement of the net 
unearned premium reserve) in the property and casualty lines of business. The net cost ratio represents the ratio of all 
technical expenses divided by the net earned premium in the property and casualty lines of business. 
For the financial year 2019 the calculation is the following: 
Net claims expenses: 
(in EUR million) 
Net Claims paid: 
Change in net claims reserve: 
Change in other technical reserves (net): 
Expenditure for premium refunds (net): 
Sum of all above: net claims expenses: 
3,107.2 
-208.3 
-21.3 
30.9 
3,325.0 
Net technical expenses: 
(in EUR million) 
Acquisition costs (incl. commissions): 
Administration costs: 
Re-insurance commission: 
Other technical costs: 
Other technical income: 
Sum of all above: net technical expenses: 
1,442.5 
268.9 
-142.3 
178.8 
-94.2 
1,653.7 
Net earned premium: 
(in EUR million) 
Gross written premium: 
re-insurance premium ceded: 
change in unearned premium reserve gross: 
change in unearned premium reserve re-insurance share: 
sum of all above: net earned premium: 
6,215.5 
-897.5 
-130.7 
33.1 
5,220.4 
Net loss ratio: 
(in %) 
Net claims expenses divided by net earned premium: 
63.7% 
Net cost ratio: 
(in %) 
Net technical expenses divided by net earned premium: 
31.7% 
Combined ratio: 
(in %) 
Sum of net loss and net cost ratio: 
95.4%

--- Page 103 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
103 | 136 
VII. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
1. 
MARKETS 
VIG Group, headquartered in Vienna, is an insurance group operating in Austria and CEE, with a premium volume of 
approximately EUR 10,428.5 million in 2020 according to the unaudited preliminary results for the financial year 2020 
(2019: EUR 10,399.4 million). The insurance companies of VIG Group offer a wide range of products in each of the property 
and casualty insurance, life insurance and health insurance. VIG Group relies on a decentralized structure, local entrepre-
neurship and a multi-brand policy with regionally established insurance companies. 
The core business of VIG Group is concentrated on insurance with a regional focus on Austria and CEE. These two 
strategic elements are supported by the four management principles of VIG Group. 
Unless otherwise stated (including a reference to the relevant source), statistical and other data provided in the following 
sections has been extracted from the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2019 and the English language transla-
tion of the annual report thereon. To the extent the following sections include unaudited preliminary figures for the financial 
year 2020, such information has been compiled and prepared on a basis which is comparable with the historical financial 
information and consistent with the Issuer's accounting policies. 
(a) 
Concentration on the Core Business  
VIG Group has almost 200 years of experience in the insurance business and uses this experience in dealing with its 
customers in Austria and the CEE region. VIG Group and hence its insurance companies aim to be in the position of 
knowing people's country-specific security and pension needs and being able to assist them with individual insurance 
business, based on professional customer advice, a comprehensive product range and suitable supplementary services. 
(b) 
Focus on Austria and CEE  
VIG Group stepped into CEE markets 30 years ago, a decision that still has major relevance for its business today. In the 
2020 financial year, around 60% of all group premiums written were generated in markets outside Austria. Due to the 
different economic and insurance-specific maturity of VIG Group's markets, there is valuable diversification from growing 
and mature markets. There are around 50 VIG insurance companies operating in the following segments: Austria, Czech 
Republic, Slovakia, Poland, Romania, Baltic states, Hungary, Bulgaria, Turkey/Georgia, Remaining CEE, Other Markets 
and Central Functions. 
(c) 
Austria 
Wiener Städtische and Donau Versicherung are the two insurance companies of VIG Group operating in Austria. The 
Issuer itself works out of Austria as a reinsurer of the insurance group and as an insurer in the cross-border corporate 
business. With a market share of approximately 24%23, the VIG insurance companies represent Austria's largest insurance 
group. Together they hold first place in the property and casualty and life insurance, and second place in health insurance. 
The Austrian VIG insurance companies wrote EUR 3,943.3 million in gross premiums in 2019 (2018: EUR 3,839.9 million). 
This corresponds to a year-on-year increase of 2.7%, which was primarily due to the good performance recorded for other 
property and casualty insurance, especially corporate business. Net earned premiums were EUR 3,226.2 million in 2019 
(2018: EUR 3,158.3 million). According to the unaudited preliminary results for the financial year 2020, the gross written 
premium is EUR 4,030.7 million. 
The result before taxes in the Austria segment rose 21.7% to EUR 207.3 million in 2019 due to an improved combined 
ratio and a higher financial result, due to the sale of shares in S IMMO AG (2018: EUR 170.4 million). According to the 
unaudited preliminary results for the financial year 2020, the result is EUR 178.7 million. 
The combined ratio improved further to 93.5% in 2019 due to lower claims and cost ratios (2018: 94.2%). According to the 
                                                          
23 Source: Quarterly Statistics for Q3 2020 provided by the Austrian Insurance Association (Verband der Versicherungsunternehmen 
Österreichs – VVO) to its members on a regular basis, Non-Life (page 2), Life (sheet "Premium") and Health (page 2)

--- Page 104 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
104 | 136 
unaudited preliminary results for the financial year 2020, the net combined ratio is 92.7%. 
(d) 
Czech Republic 
Two insurance companies of VIG Group operate in the Czech Republic, namely Kooperativa and ČPP. With a market 
share of approximately 31%24, the Czech insurance companies of the Group form the largest insurance group in the Czech 
Republic. The two companies together also held first place in the life insurance sector, and second place in the non-life 
sector. VIG Group's own reinsurance company, VIG Re which is headquartered in Prague and operates branch offices in 
Germany and France, is assigned to the Central Functions segment. 
VIG insurance companies in the Czech Republic segment wrote EUR 1,745.8 million in premiums in 2019 (2018: 
EUR 1,684.2 million), representing an increase of 3.7% compared to the previous year. This increase was mainly due to 
good performance in other property and casualty insurance, regular premium life insurance and motor lines of business. 
Net earned premiums were EUR 1,312.8 million in 2019, representing an increase of 3.7% compared to the previous year. 
According to the unaudited preliminary results for the financial year 2020, the gross written premium is EUR 1,732.4 million. 
The result before taxes in the Czech Republic segment rose 3.5% year-on-year to EUR 172.4 million in 2019, primarily 
due to an improvement in the life insurance underwriting result (2018: EUR 166.7 million). According to the unaudited 
preliminary results for the financial year 2020, the result is EUR 192.1 million. 
The combined ratio was further reduced compared to the same period in the previous year to 92.0% in 2019 (2018: 92.7%). 
According to the unaudited preliminary results for the financial year 2020, the net combined ratio is 90.7%. 
(e) 
Slovakia 
Two insurance companies of VIG Group, Kooperativa and Kommunálna, are represented in the Slovakian insurance mar-
ket. Their market share of approximately 30%25 puts them in first place in Slovakia. They hold second place for non-life 
insurance and first place for life insurance. 
Premiums written in the Slovakia segment remained almost unchanged at EUR 798.9 million in 2019 (2018: EUR 799.6 
million). After adjusting for single premiums in life insurance business, however, an increase of 2.6% was recorded. Net 
earned premiums were EUR 671.6 million in 2019 (2018: EUR 670.2 million). According to the unaudited preliminary re-
sults for the financial year 2020, the gross written premium is EUR 729.5 million.  
The Slovakian companies generated a result before taxes of EUR 48.9 million in 2019 (2018: EUR 47.2 million). This 
represents a year-on-year increase of 3.5%. It should be noted that the result for the previous year was burdened by 
significantly larger allowances for receivables. According to the unaudited preliminary results for the financial year 2020, 
the result is EUR 51.4 million. 
The combined ratio for the VIG insurance companies in Slovakia improved to 97.1% in 2019 (2018: 97.3%). According to 
the unaudited preliminary results for the financial year 2020, the net combined ratio is 89.0%. 
(f) 
Poland 
VIG Group’s insurance companies in Poland, Compensa Life/Non-Life, Interrisk, Vienna Life and Wiener TU, hold fourth 
place in the overall market with a market share of approximately 9%26. In the non-life sector is the Group companies are 
positioned as fourth in the ranking of top insurers, and in the life sector as fifth. 
A total of EUR 1,132.0 million in Group premiums was written in the Poland segment in 2019 (2018: EUR 897.8 million), 
representing a double-digit year-on-year increase of 26.1% in the non-life lines of business. This major increase was pri-
marily due to the cooperation with TUW and first-time consolidation of the insurance company Wiener TU (formerly Gothaer 
TU). Net earned premiums were EUR 886.5 million in 2019, 29.3% higher than in 2018. According to the unaudited 
                                                          
24 Source: Website of the Czech Insurance Association – Statistics. Report: Insurance market development 1-9/2020, page 2 
25 Source: Website of Slovak Insurance Association, Member zone – Statistics. Report: Insurance Data from members of the Slovak 
Insurance Association and the National Bank of Slovakia as of 30.9.2020) 
26 Source: Website of KNF – Financial Market Authority Poland, Quarterly Bulletin – Insurance Market 3/2020. Report: Part A: Information 
on insurance companies, Sheets A.3 and A.14

--- Page 105 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
105 | 136 
preliminary results for the financial year 2020, the gross written premium is EUR 1,196.2 million.  
The result before taxes rose to EUR 69.2 million in 2019 (2018: EUR 32.2 million), mainly due to positive technical results 
in the non-life lines of business, a higher financial result and positive effects of an asset tax refund. The previous year, 
however, was adversely affected by a new provision formed for expenses incurred as a result of changed surrender terms 
for the repurchase of certain life insurance products. According to the unaudited preliminary results for the financial year 
2020, the result is EUR 22.6 million. 
The combined ratio continued to be at a positive level of 94.8% in 2019 (2018: 92.6%). According to the unaudited prelim-
inary results for the financial year 2020, the net combined ratio is 96.7%. 
(g) 
Romania 
Three VIG insurance companies, the non-life insurer Omniasig, composite insurer Asirom and life insurer BCR Life, operate 
in the Romanian market. Their market share of approximately 20%27 makes the VIG insurance companies the market 
leader in Romania. They hold the second place for both life insurance and non-life insurance. 
The VIG insurance companies in the Romania segment wrote EUR 468.2 million in premiums in 2019, representing a 
decrease of 9.1% (2018: EUR 515.3 million). The decline was primarily due to an intentional reduction in the motor third 
party liability portfolio. Net earned premiums were EUR 346.9 million in 2019, or 7.2% higher than the previous year, 
primarily due to lower reinsurance cessions caused by a change in the portfolio mix. According to the unaudited preliminary 
results for the financial year 2020, the gross written premium is EUR 493.8 million. 
A loss of EUR 101.8 million was recorded in the Romanian segment in 2019 (2018: loss of EUR 73.9 million). This devel-
opment was primarily the result of a complete goodwill impairment of EUR 108.8 million in 2019 (2018: EUR 50.1 million). 
Without the goodwill impairment, the operating result would have been EUR 7.0 million in 2019. According to the unaudited 
preliminary results for the financial year 2020, the result is EUR 14.2 million. 
Although the combined ratio improved considerably in 2019, it remained above the 100% mark at 100.9% (2018: 107.5%). 
According to the unaudited preliminary results for the financial year 2020, the net combined ratio is 99.0%. 
(h) 
Baltic States 
Insurance companies of VIG Group are represented in all three Baltic states. Compensa Life and Seesam have their 
headquarters in Estonia. Both insurance companies are also represented by branches in Latvia and Lithuania. BTA Baltic 
operates in Latvia and has branches in Estonia and Lithuania. Compensa Non-Life operates in Lithuania. It maintains 
branches in Latvia and Estonia.  
With a market share of approximately 25%28 the VIG insurance companies are number one in the Baltic states. They also 
hold first place in the non-life sector and third place for life insurance. 
Premiums written in the Baltic states segment rose to EUR 500.3 in 2019 (2018: EUR 375.8 million). The significant 33.1% 
year-on-year increase in premiums was mainly due to first-time consolidation of the insurance company Seesam and a 
generally positive performance in all lines of business. Net earned premiums rose to EUR 385.2 million in 2019 (2018: 
EUR 277.1 million). According to the unaudited preliminary results for the financial year 2020, the gross written premium 
is EUR 492.9 million. 
The result before taxes of EUR 7.7 million recorded in the Baltic states segment in 2019 could be increased compared to 
the previous year (2018: EUR 2.1 million). The development was mainly due to improvements in the combined ratio and a 
better financial result. According to the unaudited preliminary results for the financial year 2020, the result is EUR 9.5 
million. 
                                                          
27 Source: Website of the Financial Supervisory Authority ASF – Insurance Market 2020. Report of the Insurance Market development 3Q 
2020 (Raport privind Evolutia pietei asigurarilor T3 2020), pages 15-16 
28 Sources: Website of Statistics Estonia – Insurance Statistics Life/Non-Life by type and insurance company (3Q 2020 database extract), 
Website of the Latvian Financial and Capital Market Commission – Statistics Insurance – Public Quarterly Reports by Insurers 3rd Quarter 
2020; Website of the Central Bank of the Republic of Lithuania – for financial Institutions – Insurers performance indicators – Monthly 
Statistics Report: 2020 01-09.

--- Page 106 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
106 | 136 
The combined ratio improved, compared to the previous year, to 97.7% in 2019, mainly due to lower claims ratios in motor 
third party liability and other property and casualty insurance (2018: 98.7%). According to the unaudited preliminary results 
for the financial year 2020, the net combined ratio is 97.3%.  
(i) 
Hungary 
VIG Group is represented with the insurance company Union Biztosító in Hungary. It had a market share of approximately 
8%29 in 2019, which put it in sixth place in the market. It was in sixth place for non-life insurance and fourth place for life 
insurance.  
In the Hungary segment, premiums written in the amount of EUR 289.5 million were generated in 2019 (2018: EUR 263.5 
million). This corresponds to a year-on-year increase of 9.9%, which was primarily due to strong premium growth in motor 
third party liability and other property and casualty insurance. Net earned premiums were EUR 219.6 million in 2019, 7.0% 
higher than the previous year (2018: EUR 205.2 million). According to the unaudited preliminary results for the financial 
year 2020, the gross written premium is EUR 287.7 million. 
The result before taxes rose to EUR 8.7 million in Hungary in 2019 (2018: EUR 7.6 million). The increase was mainly due 
to an improvement in the combined ratio. According to the unaudited preliminary results for the financial year 2020, the 
result is EUR 8.4 million. 
The combined ratio improved compared to the same period in the previous year to 97.6% in 2019 (2018: 98.5%). It must 
be noted that larger provisions were formed for cancellations in the previous year. According to the unaudited preliminary 
results for the financial year 2020, the net combined ratio is 97.0%. 
(j) 
Bulgaria 
The three insurance companies Bulstrad Life, Bulstrad Non-Life and Nova are represented in the Bulgarian insurance 
market. Together they have a market share of 14%30. That makes the VIG insurance companies the leading insurance 
group in Bulgaria. It holds second place in the non-life sector and second place in the market for life insurance. Pension 
Assurance Company Doverie AD also belongs to VIG Insurance Group. 
Premiums written in the Bulgaria segment increased to EUR 223.9 million in 2019 (2018: EUR 171.3 million). The major 
increase of 30.7% was primarily due to good performance in health insurance, the motor lines of business and other 
property and casualty insurance. Net earned premiums were EUR 137.7 million in 2019, 12.1% higher than the previous 
year. According to the unaudited preliminary results for the financial year 2020, the gross written premium is EUR 199.6 
million. 
The Bulgarian VIG companies contributed EUR 15.8 million to the total Group result in 2019 (2018: EUR 11.4 million). 
Improvement in the combined ratio played a key role in this significant increase of 38.2%. According to the unaudited 
preliminary results for the financial year 2020, the result is EUR -36.7 million. 
The combined ratio improved considerably to 95.8% in 2019, mainly due to an increase in average premiums in the motor 
lines of business and greater profitability in other property and casualty insurance (2018: 99.1%). According to the unau-
dited preliminary results for the financial year 2020, the net combined ratio is 91.2%. 
(k) 
Turkey/Georgia 
The Turkey/Georgia segment recorded total premiums written of EUR 234.9 million in 2019 (2018: EUR 198.3 million). The 
year-on-year increase of 18.5% was mainly the result of good growth in the motor lines of business and other property and 
casualty insurance. Net earned premiums were EUR 112.4 million in 2019 (2018: EUR 97.1 million), an increase of 15.7% 
compared to the previous year. According to the unaudited preliminary results for the financial year 2020, the gross written 
premium is EUR 251.7 million. 
                                                          
29 Sources: Website of Hungarian Insurers Association MABISZ – Report: Q1-4 2019, Page 2, The National Bank of Hungary (MNB): time 
series Q3 2020 (https://www.mnb.hu/en/supervision/time-series/iii-the-insurance-sector/time-series-of-insurance-companies) 
30 Source: Bulgarian Financial Supervision Commission FSC – Reports: Non-Life Statistics as at the end of the third quarter of 2020 and 
Life Statistics as at the end of the third quarter of 2020 – Sheet Premiums

--- Page 107 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
107 | 136 
The result before taxes rose to EUR 6.7 million in 2019, mainly due to an improvement in the combined ratio (2018: 
EUR 3.8 million). According to the unaudited preliminary results for the financial year 2020, the result is EUR -0.9 million. 
The combined ratio improved considerably to 96.5% in 2019, mainly due to the positive performance recorded in the motor 
lines of business in Turkey (2018: 98.5%). According to the unaudited preliminary results for the financial year 2020, the 
net combined ratio is 95.4%. 
(l) 
Remaining CEE 
The segment Remaining CEE includes the countries Albania incl. Kosovo, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Croatia, Moldova, North 
Macedonia, Moldova, Serbia and Ukraine. 
The VIG insurance companies in the Remaining CEE segment wrote EUR 446.9 million in premiums in 2019 (2018: 
EUR 374.7 million). The year-on-year increase of 19.3% was due to a generally positive performance in all lines of busi-
ness, especially in Ukraine, which recorded significant growth rates in motor third party liability, other property and casualty 
and health insurance. Serbia also saw an increase in premiums, for both other property and casualty insurance and single-
premium life insurance. Net earned premiums were EUR 328.8 million in 2019 (2018: EUR 285.7 million), an increase of 
15.1% compared to the previous year. According to the unaudited preliminary results for the financial year 2020, the gross 
written premium is EUR 439.6 million. 
The result before taxes rose to EUR 27.1 million in 2019, mainly due to an improvement in the combined ratio (2018: EUR 
23.5 million). Ukraine recorded a significant increase in its result in 2019, and large increases were also recorded in Serbia 
and Croatia. According to the unaudited preliminary results for the financial year 2020, the result is EUR -15.7 million. 
The combined ratio improved to 93.9% in 2019, primarily due to positive effects from motor third party liability in Ukraine, 
Serbia and North Macedonia and growth in other property and casualty insurance in Croatia (2018: 96.6%). According to 
the unaudited preliminary results for the financial year 2020, the net combined ratio is 92.6%. 
(m) 
Other Markets  
The segment Other Markets includes the countries of Germany and Liechtenstein.  
In the Other Markets segment total premiums written of EUR 380.4 million were recorded in 2019 (2018: EUR 321.0 mil-
lion), representing an increase of 18.5% compared to the previous year. The increase was due to good performance in all 
lines of business, in particular single-premium life insurance in Liechtenstein. Net earned premiums were EUR 332.3 million 
in 2019 (2018: EUR 275.1 million), an increase of 20.8% compared to the previous year. According to the unaudited pre-
liminary results for the financial year 2020, the gross written premium is EUR 280.0 million. 
The result before taxes decreased 5.7% to EUR 22.6 million in Liechtenstein in 2019 (2018: EUR 23.9 million). According 
to the unaudited preliminary results for the financial year 2020, the result is EUR 26.7 million. 
In 2019 the combined ratio was an 82.4% in the Other Markets segment (2018: 82.9%). According to the unaudited pre-
liminary results for the financial year 2020, the net combined ratio is 81.1%. 
(n) 
Central Functions 
The segment Central Functions includes VIG Holding (including the branches in Northern Europe), VIG Re (including the 
branches in Germany and France), Wiener Re, the VIG Fund, non-profit societies, corporate IT service providers and 
intermediate holding companies. 
Premiums written in the Central Functions segment rose 2.5% in 2019 to EUR 1,623.5 million. This was mainly the result 
of an increase in premiums generated by insurance company VIG Reentering new business areas for active reinsurance 
(Western Europe) and an increase in corporate business in VIG Holding. According to the unaudited preliminary results 
for the financial year 2020, the gross written premium is EUR 1,736.5 million. 
A result before taxes of EUR 36.5 million was recorded in the Central Functions segment in 2019 (2018: EUR 70.2 million). 
The decrease was primarily due to the change in consolidation method used for the non-profit societies starting 31 July 
2019. According to the unaudited preliminary results for the financial year 2020, the result is EUR -107.6 million.

--- Page 108 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
108 | 136 
2. 
STRATEGY 
As one of the largest insurance companies in Austria and the CEE region (Source: VIG-internal calculation on the basis of 
the market data referred to in section 1. Markets above), VIG Group with its more than 25,000 employees aims to take 
advantage of the opportunities available in this region and the long-term growth options they offer. It intends to remain 
committed to its business strategy of profitable growth. VIG insurance companies use their management principles to 
strengthen and further increase their market shares. This includes both organic growth and growth by acquisitions, partic-
ularly if an opportunity arises to strategically expand the existing portfolio or to take advantage of economies of scale. The 
goal is to increase market share to a minimum of 10% in Poland, Hungary, Croatia and Serbia in the medium term. The 
focus continues to be on efficiency improvements, making use of synergies and the systematic reduction of both losses 
and expenses to improve the combined ratio. In life insurance, efforts will also be made to further promote biometric risk 
coverage and the regular premium business. 
3. 
MANAGEMENT PRINCIPLES 
(a) 
Local entrepreneurship  
The insurance markets in which VIG Group operates are characterised by different structures and degrees of development. 
As a result, business models cannot be transferred without restriction from one country to another. Instead, sales and 
products must be adapted to the specific conditions of the respective market. VIG Group's decentralised organisational 
structure aims to enable local management and employees the flexibility to adapt to the respective market/to meet local 
circumstances. This shall allow products and distribution to be adjusted individually by the insurance companies, while VIG 
Holding is responsible for steering VIG Group. 
The superordinate values and principles defined at group level must not be disregarded by the insurance companies within 
VIG Group. A special focus is placed on the areas of risk management, actuarial services, reinsurance, capital investment 
and compliance. VIG Group companies are supported in these matters by the holding divisions, which at the same time 
ensure the continuous development and communication of the overarching group guidelines. Regular cross-border meet-
ings of managers and employees are held to exchange best practice examples and promote a common corporate culture. 
(b) 
Multi-brand strategy 
More than one company or brand of VIG Group operates in most of its markets. This multi-brand strategy and local entre-
preneurship consciously pursued by VIG Group significantly differentiates it from other market participants in the region. 
Each insurance company of VIG Group uses its local brand as its first name, followed by the umbrella brand "Vienna 
Insurance Group" as its family name.  
With around 50 insurance companies in 30 countries, VIG Group can address different target groups directly and person-
ally. At the same time, multi-brand policy shall strengthen the regional identity and bind customers and employees more 
closely to the Issuer. Adding "Vienna Insurance Group" to the name aims to proclaim VIG Group's internationality and 
experience.  
(c) 
Multi-channel distribution 
VIG Group and its insurance companies rely on a diversified distribution strategy that shall provide access to many different 
customer groups while at the same time taking their individual preferences into account. A variety of different sales chan-
nels is used, including independent brokers and agents, structured sales, direct sales and digital sales, in addition to the 
own sales force. Bancassurance is also of great importance. The cooperation with Erste Group Bank AG, which is also 
represented in CEE, has existed since 2008 and was extended in 2018 until the end of 2033. These different distribution 
channels take into account the local market conditions of the countries and cover the needs of customers as much as 
possible. 
VIG Group also gives great importance to distribution when conducting acquisitions. High-performing, sustainable distri-
bution capacity is one of the main criteria when acquiring a new company.

--- Page 109 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
109 | 136 
(d) 
Conservative investment and reinsurance policy  
Investing customer money demands great responsibility and the consideration of a number of factors such as rate of return, 
diversification and the assessment of a variety of risks. VIG Group's conservative investment policy shall ensure that 
investments are secure and profitable at the same time. The investment policy is reviewed at regular intervals by the asset 
management and the internal audit department. In addition to ensuring sufficient liquidity to guarantee insurance claims, 
the diversification of the investment portfolio and achievable returns, among other things, are of great importance.  
Further, VIG Group pursues a conservative reinsurance policy. It limits its liability from the insurance business by passing 
on a portion of the taken risks to the international reinsurance market. 
In this process, reinsurance coverage is distributed among a large number of reinsurance companies that VIG considers 
having adequate credit ratings. With the establishment of VIG Re, VIG Group has had its own reinsurance company since 
2008. The VIG Re started operations in August 2008 and received an "A" rating with a stable outlook from the rating agency 
Standard & Poor's in the same year. This rating was reaffirmed in autumn 2020. 
4. 
MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES AND ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
The Issuer is the parent company of VIG Group. Although the Issuer is not a pure holding company, apart from reinsurance 
and international corporate business, its main activity is the strategic and operational management of its subsidiaries. 
Therefore, the Issuer's ability to satisfy any debt obligations depends on receipt of sufficient funds from its subsidiaries 
(see "III.2 Risk factors – 2. Risks relating to the business of VIG Group – As a holding company, the Issuer is to a large 
extent dependent over the medium to long-term on its operating subsidiaries to cover operating expenses and dividend 
payments"). The extent of such cash flows to the Issuer will depend on the business, financial condition and results of 
operations of its subsidiaries. In addition, remittances of funds may be restricted by applicable law and by the terms of any 
indebtedness that may be incurred by the Issuer's subsidiaries. As unsecured subordinated creditors of the Issuer, the 
Holders' claims are also structurally subordinated to creditors of the Issuer's subsidiaries who enjoy privileged access to 
assets of such subsidiaries, because in case of a subsidiary's insolvency, the Issuer will only receive liquidation proceeds 
following satisfaction of all secured and unsecured creditors of the relevant subsidiary (see "II. Risk factors – 2. Risks 
relating to the business of VIG Group – As a holding company, the Issuer is to a large extent dependent over the medium 
to long-term on its operating subsidiaries to cover operating expenses and dividend payments").  
The following table provides an overview of the Issuer's operating subsidiaries as of the date of this Base Prospectus:  
 
Company 
Direct inte-
rest in capi-
tal (%) 
Equity capi-
tal (EUR'000) 
Result of the 
year 
(EUR'000) 
Last annual 
financial 
statements  
Affiliated companies 
  
  
  
  
ASIGURAREA ROMANEASCA - ASIROM VIENNA INSURANCE 
GROUP S.A. 
88.70 
85,031 
-2,433 
2020 
ATBIH GmbH 
68.97 
182,488 
21,001 
2020 
BCR Asigurari de Viata Vienna Insurance Group S.A. 
93.98 
47,537 
6,198 
2020 
BTA Baltic Insurance Company AAS 
100.00 
71,897 
12,603 
2020 
Beesafe Spolka z Ogranziczona Odpowiedzialnoscia 
80.00 
*) 
*) 
*) 
Compania de Asigurari "DONARIS VIENNA INSURANCE 
GROUP" Societate pe Actiuni 
99.99 
4,837 
465 
2020 
Compensa Life Vienna Insurance Group SE 
100.00 
51,483 
3,385 
2020 
Compensa Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen Na Zycie Spolka Akcyjna 
Vienna Insurance Group 
84.14 
72,226 
4,277 
2020 
Compensa Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen Spolka Akcyjna Vienna In-
surance Group 
70.67 
140,163 
25,048 
2020 
Compensa Vienna Insurance Group, akcine draudimo bendrove 
100.00 
88,220 
2,077 
2020 
DONAU Versicherung AG Vienna Insurance Group 
74.24 
104,360 
8,406 
2020 
ELVP Beteiligungen GmbH 
100.00 
23,322 
4 
2020 
Foreign limited liability company "InterInvestUchastie" 
99.95 
206 
-4 
2019 
GLOBAL ASSISTANCE SERVICES SRL 
40.00 
1 
-75 
2019 
GLOBAL ASSISTANCE SERVICES s.r.o. 
100.00 
229 
26 
2019 
GLOBAL ASSISTANCE SLOVAKIA s.r.o. 
40.00 
41 
17 
2019

--- Page 110 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
110 | 136 
GLOBAL ASSISTANCE, a.s. 
60.00 
4,931 
2,132 
2019 
Global Assistance Polska Spolka z ograniczona odpowiedzialno-
scia 
40.00 
136 
-198 
2019 
INSHIFT GmbH & Co. KG  
23.53 
*) 
*) 
*) 
INSURANCE JOINT-STOCK COMPANY "BULSTRAD VIENNA 
INSURANCE GROUP" 
14.20 
59,540 
7,767 
2020 
INTERSIG VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP Sh.A. 
89.98 
6,085 
723 
2020 
Insurance Company Vienna osiguranje d.d., Vienna Insurance 
Group 
100.00 
9,921 
148 
2020 
Stock Company for Insurance and Reinsurance MAKEDONIJA 
Skopje Vienna Insurance Group 
94.26 
25,925 
885 
2020 
InterRisk Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen Spolka Akcyjna Vienna Insur-
ance Group 
100.00 
112,131 
15,151 
2020 
InterRisk Versicherungs-AG Vienna Insurance Group 
100.00 
53,770 
14,500 
2020 
Joint Stock Insurance Company WINNER LIFE - Vienna Insurance 
Group Skopje 
100.00 
3,919 
137 
2019 
KOMUNALNA poistovna, a.s. Vienna Insurance Group 
100.00 
76,662 
2,251 
2020 
KOOPERATIVA poist'ovňa, a.s. Vienna Insurance Group 
94.37 
408,100 
38,546 
2020 
KUPALA Belarusian-Austrian Closed Joint Stock Insurance Com-
pany 
52.34 
8,162 
1,668 
2019 
Kooperativa pojišťovna, a.s. Vienna Insurance Group 
95.84 
754,598 
121,284 
2020 
LVP Holding GmbH 
100.00 
591,192 
-22,836 
2020 
OMNIASIG VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP S.A. 
99.54 
149,566 
6,886 
2020 
Private Joint-Stock Company "Insurance company" Ukrainian in-
surance group" 
6.90 
17,594 
2,123 
2020 
PRIVATE JOINT-STOCK COMPANY "UKRAINIAN INSURANCE 
COMPANY "KNIAZHA VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP" 
90.56 
8,481 
2,735 
2020 
Private Joint-Stock Company "INSURANCE COMPANY "KNIA-
ZHA LIFE VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP" 
97.94 
2,743 
440 
2020 
RISK CONSULT Sicherheits- und Risiko- Managementberatung 
Gesellschaft m.b.H. 
41.00 
678 
381 
2019 
Ray Sigorta Anonim Sirketi 
12.67 
37,079 
7,315 
2020 
SIA "Global Assistance Baltic" 
33.33 
300 
0 
2020 
SIGMA INTERALBANIAN VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP Sh.A. 
89.05 
14,918 
1,561 
2020 
TBI BULGARIA EAD in Liquidation 
100.00 
40,437 
-64 
2020 
UNION Vienna Insurance Group Biztositó Zrt 
98.64 
50,254 
7,216 
2020 
VIG Asset Management, a.s. 
100.00 
597 
94 
2019 
VIG Management Service SRL 
52.08 
8,087 
137 
2019 
VIG Properties Bulgaria AD 
99.97 
3,746 
15 
2020 
VIG RE zajist'ovna, a.s. 
55.00 
180,831 
16,770 
2020 
VIG Services Ukraine, LLC 
6.98 
1,461 
-62 
2020 
VIG-CZ Real Estate GmbH 
90.00 
140,059 
33 
2020 
Vienna Insurance Group Polska Spolka z ograniczona od-
powiedzialnoscia 
51.43 
18,639 
48 
2019 
Vienna International Underwriters GmbH 
100.00 
360 
50 
2019 
Vienna Life Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen na Zycie S.A. Vienna In-
surance Group 
100.00 
4,167 
-12,619 
2020 
Vienna-Life Lebensversicherung AG Vienna Insurance Group 
100.00 
9,163 
487 
2020 
WIENER STÄDTISCHE OSIGURANJE akcionarsko drustvo za o-
siguranje Beograd 
100.00 
62,421 
10,261 
2020 
WIENER STÄDTISCHE VERSICHERUNG AG Vienna Insurance 
Group 
90.82 
545,874 
86,582 
2020 
Joint Stock Insurance Company WINNER-Vienna Insurance 
Group 
100.00 
7,138 
555 
2020 
Wiener Osiguranje Vienna Insurance Group ad 
100.00 
9,088 
115 
2020 
Akcionarsko drustvo za zivotno osiguranje Wiener Städtische Pod-
gorica, Vienna Insurance Group 
100.00 
5,659 
432 
2019 
Wiener Towarzystwo Ubezpiezen Spolka Akcyjna Vienna Insur-
ance Group 
100.00 
44,171 
8,609 
2020 
Wiener osiguranje Vienna Insurance Group dionicko drustvo za 
osiguranje 
97.82 
107,483 
5,309 
2020 
twinformatics GmbH 
20.00 
2,546 
589 
2020 
  
  
  
  
  
Participations 
  
  
  
  
Wiener Börse AG 
8.50 
30,669 
18,801 
2019 
Erste Asset Management GmbH 
0.76 
107,701 
44,284 
2019 
___________________________________ 
*) newly founded in 2020

--- Page 111 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
111 | 136 
5. 
CREDIT RATINGS 
S & P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("Standard & Poor's") has assigned the below credit ratings to the Issuer. 
Long-Term  
Outlook  
Short-Term  
A+ 
Stable 
--- 
 
According to the ratings definitions as published by Standard & Poor's (www.standardandpoors.com), the above credit 
ratings have the following meanings: 
'A' — An obligor rated 'A' has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the 
adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories. 
Note: The credit ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative 
standing within the major rating categories. 
'A-1' — An obligor rated 'A-1' has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. It is rated in the highest category by 
Standard & Poor's. Within this category, certain obligors are designated with a plus sign (+). This indicates that the obligor's 
capacity to meet its financial commitments is extremely strong. 
'Outlook' — A Standard & Poor's rating outlook assesses the potential direction of a long-term credit rating over the inter-
mediate term (typically six months to two years). In determining a rating outlook, consideration is given to any changes in 
the economic and/or fundamental business conditions. An outlook is not necessarily a precursor of a credit rating change 
or future CreditWatch action. Positive means that a credit rating may be raised, negative means that a credit rating may 
be lowered and stable means that a credit rating is not likely to change. 
More detailed information on the credit ratings can be retrieved on the Issuer's website (www.vig.com). General information 
regarding the meaning of the credit rating and the qualifications which have to be observed in connection therewith can be 
found on the website of Standard & Poor's (www.standardandpoors.com). 
Standard & Poor's has its registered office at OpernTurm, Bockenheimer Landstraße 2, D-60306 Frankfurt am Main in 
Germany. 
Standard & Poor's is registered under the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended ("CRA Regulation") as registered 
credit rating agencies. The European Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its website (www.esma.europa.eu) a 
list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list shall be updated within five working 
days following the adoption of a decision under Articles 16, 17 or 20 of the CRA Regulation. The European Commission 
publishes that updated list in the Official Journal of the EU within 30 days following the updates. 
6. 
INVESTMENT STRATEGY AND PRINCIPAL INVESTMENTS 
The general investment principles are defined in VIG Group Policy Asset Management and are primarily aimed at compli-
ance with regulatory provisions, the fulfilment of contractual obligations, the achievement of stable returns, the protection 
of own funds, the maintenance of the rating and the security of the portfolio. 
Based on VIG Groups' objectives and principles and depending on specific individual asset-/liability-requirements per line 
of business, the investment strategy is regulated individually for each group company in a specific Investment and Risk 
Guideline. The Investment and Risk Guidelines are coordinated and managed centrally and must be followed by all insur-
ance companies of VIG Group. 
Compliance with VIG Group Policy Asset Management and Investment and Risk Guidelines is monitored on an ongoing 
basis by the VIG Asset Management department and the Asset Risk Management department as well as on a random 
basis by the VIG Internal Audit department. 
VIG Group invests into bonds and loans, shares, real estate, participations and other investments, taking into account the 
overall risk position and the investment strategy provided for this purpose. 
As of 31 December 2020, the investment portfolio of in total EUR 36.6 billion (with the look-through approach applied to

--- Page 112 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
112 | 136 
consolidated institutional funds) includes holdings of around 72.7% in bonds and around 7.0% in loans. The share in 
equities is around 4.2%, in real estate around 7.1%, in participations around 1.5% and in other around 7.5%, based on the 
book value of the total investment portfolio. 
7. 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
(a) 
General 
VIG Group's primary business is assuming risks from its customers using a variety of insurance policies. The insurance 
business consists of consciously assuming diverse risks and managing them profitably. One of the primary responsibilities 
of risk management is to ensure that the obligations assumed under insurance policies can be satisfied at all times. 
In general, all insurance companies are responsible for managing their own risks. The risk management department of 
VIG provides guidelines in all major areas for these companies. The requirements set in the investments and reinsurance 
areas are particularly strict. 
The primary requirement for effective risk management is a risk management system that is consistent throughout VIG 
Group and a risk policy and risk strategy set by management of the Issuer. The objective of such risk management is not 
complete avoidance of risk but rather a conscious acceptance of desired risks and the implementation of measures to 
monitor and possibly even reduce existing risks based on economic factors. The risk-return ratio is therefore a key measure 
that must be optimised in order to guarantee adequate security for the policyholder and the insurer itself while giving due 
consideration to the need to create value. 
Risk management responsibilities in VIG are bundled together in independent organizational units and by a well-estab-
lished risk and control culture, each individual employee contributes to successful management of risk. Transparent, veri-
fiable decisions and processes within a company are very important aspects of its risk culture. 
(b) 
Risk Strategy 
The strategic orientation of VIG Group is based on a business strategy, capital strategy and a comprehensive risk strategy. 
The risk strategy specifies appropriate risk management measures for significant risks and is based on the following prin-
ciples that are applicable VIG Group-wide:  
Accepted risks  
All risks that have a direct connection to the insurance business that is conducted are accepted (underwriting risks, market 
risks). 
Risks accepted with constraints  
− 
Operational risks must be avoided as much as possible but have to be accepted to a certain extent as they cannot 
be completely ruled out, or the costs of avoiding them exceed the expected losses.  
− 
A conservative approach is used for investments and high-risk derivatives are only held to hedge other market 
risks.  
− 
Only a small exposure to risks from financial insurance policies may be held.  
Risk mitigating measures 
− 
Promotion and maintenance of risk awareness and well-defined risk governance in all areas of VIG Group.  
− 
As a rule, technical provisions must be carefully set up in order to offset unexpected potential fluctuations.  
− 
Reinsurance is a key instrument for hedging against large losses (tail risks), particularly in the property and cas-
ualty area.  
− 
Strict limitation of market risk and matching of investments to VIG’s obligations.

--- Page 113 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
113 | 136 
Unacceptable risks 
− 
Risks are not accepted if VIG Group lacks the expertise or resources required to manage them, or insufficient 
capital is available to cover the risks.  
− 
VIG Group does not accept risks from the insurance business that it cannot adequately assess or estimate. In 
particular, this includes risks from third party liability insurance for genetic engineering and nuclear energy.  
− 
As for investments, risks are not accepted if adequate expertise is not available to assess the risks 
(c) 
Risk Monitoring  
The solvency corridor defined at the group level and the group-wide limit system applicable in the course of the risk-bearing 
capacity form the basis for continuous monitoring of the solvency situation of VIG Group and its subsidiaries. Compliance 
with the investment guidelines, risk budgets and key figures is also continuously checked and monitored. Monitoring is 
performed by means of regular fair value assessments, value at risk (VaR) calculations and detailed sensitivity analysis 
and stress tests and calculating the Solvency Capital Requirements during the year. Liquidity risk is managed and moni-
tored by matching the investment portfolio with the insurance obligations. Operational and strategic risks which might be 
caused by deficiencies or errors in business processes, controls or projects, or by changes in the business environment, 
are also continuously monitored using the internal control system. 
(d) 
Governance System 
VIG Group has set up a governance system to address its needs and requirements, which shall enable a sound and 
prudent management. In addition to the establishment of the governance and other key functions at the group level, all 
other relevant processes have also been set up to identify, measure, monitor, manage and report risks, taking their inter-
dependencies into account. VIG Group's internal processes shall ensure that the analyses of the governance and other 
key functions and all results of the risk management processes are appropriately taken into account during the course of 
business activities.  
VIG Group uses a governance system with the following characteristics:  
− 
Functional management by the Issuer's management board (the "Management Board") 
− 
Transparent monitoring by the Issuer's supervisory board (the "Supervisory Board")  
− 
Targeted management decisions towards long-term value creation  
− 
Goal oriented collaboration ensuring company's management and monitoring  
− 
Appropriate handling and management of risks  
− 
Transparency in corporate communications and efficient reporting  
− 
Safeguarding the policyholders', shareholders’ and employees’ interests 
The group governance system aims to include all processes needed to effectively and efficiently manage and supervise 
VIG Group, in particular precisely defined organisational and operational structure, transparent means of communication 
and report disclosure as well as comprehensive risk management, and is appropriate to the nature, scale and complexity 
of VIG Group. 
8. 
SOLVENCY II AND OWN FUNDS 
VIG Group reported a SCR Ratio of 238% as of 31 December 2020 (31 December 2019: 210%). The respective figures 
for VIG are 397% as of 31 December 2020 (31 December 2019: 391%). 
The minimum SCR Ratio defined internally at which immediate risk mitigating steps need to be taken is set at 125%, both 
for VIG Group as well as the single VIG Group companies. The SCR Ratio without transitional measures on technical 
provisions was 195% as at 31 December 2020 and in target range of 170%-230% as defined by VIG's risk strategy.  
Eligible own funds of VIG Group amounted to EUR 8,780 million as of 31 December 2020 (31 December 2019: EUR 7,657 
million). The increase in eligible own funds in 2020 compared to 2019 was mainly attributable to the first-time application 
of transitional measures on technical provisions according to Article 308d of Solvency II.

--- Page 114 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
114 | 136 
Eligible own funds of VIG Holding amounted to EUR 8,427 million as of 31 December 2020 (31 December 2019: EUR 
7,369 million). The increase in eligible own funds in 2020 compared to 2019 was mainly attributable to the increase in the 
value of insurance participations in Austria, which applied the transitional measures on technical provisions for the first 
time. 
The regulatory solvency capital requirement (SCR) of VIG Group amounted to EUR 3,688 million as of 31 December 2020 
(31 December 2019: EUR 3,652 million); The increase in regulatory solvency capital requirement in 2020 compared to 
2019 was mainly driven by loss-absorbing effects from deferred taxes resulting from the application of the transitional 
measure. These positive effects have been stronger than the negative effects of the observed decrease in interest rates 
in the year 2020. 
The regulatory solvency capital requirement (SCR) of VIG Holding amounted to EUR 2,121 million as of 31 December 
2020 (31 December 2019: EUR 1,883 million); The increase in regulatory solvency capital requirement in 2020 compared 
to 2019 was mainly driven by an increase in equity risk resulting from the development of the values of its participations. 
VIG Group uses a partial internal model to calculate the regulatory solvency capital requirement at group level in accord-
ance with section 182 VAG.  
The following table provides an overview of material risks of VIG Group according to the partial internal model (PIM), which 
is also used in risk measurement for the regulatory solvency capital requirement calculation as of 31 December 2020: 
Risks based on the PIM (in EUR '000) 
31 December 2018 
31 December 2019 
 
31 December 2020 
Market risk 
3,072,486 
3,293,790 
 
3,132,633 
Counterparty default risk 
325,685 
352,891 
 
330,139 
Life underwriting risk 
2,082,422 
1,497,497 
 
1,409,618 
Health underwriting risk 
325,504 
563,831 
 
604,816 
Non-life underwriting risk 
668,757 
748,703 
 
707,327 
Intangible asset risk 
0 
0 
 
0 
Operational risk 
315,616 
325,087 
 
322,141

--- Page 115 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
115 | 136 
Furthermore, VIG Group performs annual stress and sensitivity calculations to determine the impact of certain unfavourable 
events in the economic environment on solvency capital requirements according to Solvency II, own funds, and on the 
SCR Ratio. The below table illustrates changes to the SCR Ratio as of 31 December 2020 as a result of shocks defined 
for the individual sensitivity calculations: 
SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS 
Market Sensitivities as of 31.12.2020 
 
Absolute change in SCR Ratio (pps) 
Interest rate 
Standard equity 
Spreads 
Rating downshift 
100 basis points shift of the liquid part of the risk-free curve and convergence to UFR 
All equity positions except strategic participations (including equities in investment funds) 
Increase of implied spreads of all corporate bond (including corporate bonds in investment funds) 
Rating downshift Application of downshift of 1 notch to all rated investments 
 
9. 
SUSTAINABILITY 
The sustainability activities of VIG Group centre on topics that are relevant from a stakeholder point of view and those 
where VIG Group is convinced to have a significant impact. VIG Group's sustainability strategy is based on a materiality 
analysis and focuses on five areas that cover its entire business activities. These are: core business, customers, employ-
ees, society and environment.  
Investments (with social and environmental aspects) are one of the material sustainability topics. In 2020, VIG Group was 
able to increase its investment in green bonds to EUR 238.2mn (compared to EUR 154.3mn in 2019). Moreover, VIG 
Insurance Group's investments in non-profit building societies provide support in the area of affordable housing. Through 
these investments, VIG Insurance Group provides around 100,000 housing units at affordable rents. 
VIG established a Sustainability Bond Committee ("SBC"). In its first meeting in February 2021, the SBC decided on the 
allocation of projects from the past 3 years as eligible assets for the ESG-Notes (8 projects with a total volume of approx. 
EUR 256mn), with an initial split of approx. 86% of green assets and approx. 14% of social assets. The following graphic 
shows a more detailed split of VIG Group's eligible assets:

--- Page 116 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
116 | 136 
 
___________________________ 
Source: Meeting minutes VIG Sustainability Bond Committee (SBC) Nr. 1/2021 
 
The split between green and social assets will shift, depending on the investment opportunities until full allocation of pro-
ceeds. The SBC will review and approve the allocations on a regular basis. 
10. 
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
The Issuer and other VIG Group members are involved in several legal proceedings in Austria and other jurisdictions 
resulting from the ordinary course of their respective businesses including, amongst others, their activities as insurance, 
asset management companies, employers, investors and taxpayers. In their capacity as insurance companies, the Issuer 
and/or VIG Group are involved as defendant in a number of court proceedings or have been threatened with legal actions. 
The management of the Issuer does not expect legal disputes, legal proceedings, government or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), to which the Issuer and/or 
the VIG Group is a party to have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's and/or the VIG Group's consolidated financial 
position or profitability. 
11. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
VIG has not entered into any material contracts, other than contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business, which 
could result in any member of VIG Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to VIG's ability to meet 
its obligation to Holders in respect of the securities issued or to be issued, except for the following agreements which have 
been in place before: 
Cooperation between VIG and Erste Group Bank AG 
Erste Group Bank AG and VIG are parties to a general distribution agreement (the "EGB Agreement") concerning the 
framework of the cooperation of Erste Group AG and VIG in Austria and CEE with respect to bank and insurance products. 
Originally concluded in 2008 (between Erste Bank der österreichischen Sparkassen AG and Wiener Städtische), the EGB 
Agreement was renewed and extended in 2018 until the end of 2033. The objective for the renewal and extension was in 
particular to adapt the EGB Agreement to the corporate restructuring of the original parties, to amend some commercial 
parameters and to align the EGB Agreement with recent developments in the legal framework. Already in the original EGB 
Agreement the parties stipulated that both parties have the right to terminate the EGB Agreement in case of a change of 
control of one of the parties. A change of control is defined, with respect to Erste Group Bank AG, as the acquisition of 
Erste Group Bank AG by any person/entity other than DIE ERSTE österreichische Spar-Casse Privatstiftung or Austrian 
savings banks of 50% plus one share of Erste Group Bank AG's voting shares, and with respect to VIG, as the acquisition 
of VIG by any person/entity other than Wiener Städtische Wechselseitiger Versicherungsverein – Vermögensverwaltung 
– Vienna Insurance Group of 50% plus one share of VIG's voting shares. Apart from this regulation on the termination of 
the EGB Agreement, the parties agreed in the renewal and extension of the EGB Agreement for an additional termination 
for cause if based on new legal or regulatory provisions, the continuation of the EGB Agreement is unreasonable for each 
and both of the parties.

--- Page 117 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
117 | 136 
Erste Group Bank AG and VIG are furthermore parties to an asset management agreement, pursuant to which Erste Group 
Bank AG and its subsidiaries undertake to manage certain parts of VIG's and its group companies' securities assets. In 
case of a change of control (as described above), each party has the termination right. The asset management agreement 
has been renewed and extended until 2033 concurrently with the renewal and extension of the EGB Agreement outlined 
above. 
12. 
RECENT EVENTS, TRENDS AND OUTLOOK 
(a) 
Preliminary Results Financial Year 2020 
On 9 March 2021, VIG published its preliminary results for the financial year 2020. The preliminary figures for the financial 
year 2020 set out below are unaudited. 
The preliminary results have been compiled and prepared on a basis which is comparable with the historical financial 
information and consistent with the Issuer's accounting policies. 
 
Preliminary 2020 Income Statement 
(in EUR million)  
 2020 
 2019 
 +/- % 
Gross premiums written 
10,428.5 
 10,399.4  0.3 
Net earned premiums 
9,336.6 
 9,317.9 
 0.2 
Financial result1 
596.3 
 1,010.8 
 -41.0 
Other income 
145.7 
 193.2 
 -24.6 
Total Income 
10,078.5 
 10,522.0  -4.2 
Expenses for claims/benefits 
-7,030.6 
 -7,262.7  -3.2 
Acquisition and administrative ex-
penses  
-2,328.5 
-2,293.2 
1.5 
Other expenses 
-373.6 
 -444.4 
 -15.9 
Total Expenses 
-9,732.7 
 -10,000.4  -2.7 
Result before taxes 
345.9 
 521.6 
 -33.7 
Tax expenses/income 
-103.2 
 -108.5 
 -4.9 
Result of the period 
242.7 
 413.1 
 -41.3 
Non-controlling interests 
-11.2 
 -81.8 
 -86.4 
Net profit after non-controlling 
interests 
231.5 
331.3 
-30.1 
 
 
  
  
Claims Ratio 
62.8% 
 63.7% 
  -0.9%p 
Cost Ratio 
32.2% 
 31.7% 
  0.5%p 
Combined Ratio 
95.0% 
 95.4% 
  -0.3%p 
 
 
Explanatory notes:  
 
• 
The growth in premiums was mainly driven by other 
property 
(+EUR 219.9mn) 
and 
health 
(+EUR 9.7mn) 
 
• 
Financial result (including at equity consolidated 
companies) went down by EUR 414.5mn due to 
Covid-19 related impairments and the changed 
consolidation method for the non-profit housing so-
cieties in 2019. 
 
• 
Other income 2019 with positive one-off from 
Polish asset tax refund 
 
• 
The result before taxes decreased by 33.7% due to 
declined financial result. 
 
• 
The tax ratio of 29.8% (2019: 20.8%) was mainly 
impacted by non-tax-deductible goodwill impair-
ments. 
 
________________________ 
1 Thereof result from shares in at equity consolidated companies: EUR -28.5mn (2019: EUR 24.1mn) 
Source: 2020 Preliminary Results Presentation 
 
Preliminary 2020 Balance Sheet 
(in EUR million)  
 2020 
  2019 
  +/- % 
Intangible assets (incl. Right-of-Use Assets) 
 1,918 
 
2,137 
 
-10.2 
Investments 
 34,901 
 
34,456 
 
1.3 
Unit- and index-linked investments 
 7,968 
 
8,620 
 
-7.6 
Reinsurers' share in underwriting provisions 
 1,396 
 
1,283 
 
8.8 
Receivables 
 1,699 
 
1,717 
 
-1.1 
Tax receivables and advance payments out of income tax 
 275 
 
227 
 
21.2

--- Page 118 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
118 | 136 
Deferred tax assets 
 137 
 
69 
 
99.0 
Other assets 
 388 
 
392 
 
-1.0 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 1,745 
 
1,443 
 
20.9 
Total assets 
 50,428 
 
50,345 
 
0.2 
Shareholders' equity 
 5,286 
 
5,191 
 
1.8 
thereof minorities (incl. non-profit housing societies) 
 123 
 
117 
 
5.5 
Subordinated liabilities 
 1,464 
 
1,465 
 
0.0 
Underwriting provisions 
 32,230 
 
31,886 
 
1.1 
Unit- and index-linked technical provisions 
 7,617 
 
8,116 
 
-6.1 
Non-underwriting provisions 
 877 
 
932 
 
-5.9 
Liabilities 
 2,254 
 
2,095 
 
7.6 
Tax liabilities out of income tax 
 291 
 
251 
 
16.0 
Deferred tax liabilities 
 268 
 
262 
 
2.2 
Other liabilities 
 141 
 
148 
 
-4.9 
Total liabilities and equity 
 50,428 
 
50,345 
 
0.2 
 ________________________ 
Source: 2020 Preliminary Results Presentation 
 
 
The following tables provide an overview of VIG's bond portfolio (split by rating and by issuer): 
 
________________________ 
1 Based on second-best rating 
2 Government bonds also include bonds issued by supranational organisations, government agencies, federal or constituent states and municipalities  
Source: 2020 Preliminary Results Presentation  
 
(b) 
Aegon Acquisition31 
On 29 November 2020, VIG signed a share purchase agreement to acquire the entities of the Dutch insurer Aegon in 
Hungary, Poland, Romania and Turkey. The deal includes insurance companies, pension funds, asset management and 
service companies with a premium volume of around EUR 600 million, a managed pension fund volume of around 
EUR 5 billion and brings an additional customer base of 4.5 million customers in total. In 2019, the companies to be ac-
quired generated a net profit of around EUR 50 million with around 1,650 employees. 
                                                          
31 Source for all figures and market share data provided in this section: Corporate information provided by Aegon Group in the course of 
the acquisition.

--- Page 119 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
119 | 136 
In Hungary, together with UNION Biztosító, VIG can increase its current market share from 8% to over 19% and VIG will 
rise from sixth place to market leader in Hungary. 
In Turkey, the acquisition marks an expansion into the life insurance business, where VIG is currently represented by the 
non-life insurance company Ray Sigorta. Aegon Turkey is number 7 in the life insurance market and generated a premium 
volume of EUR 114 million in 2019; such premium calculation based on the applicable exchange rate at the end of 2019. 
The Polish Aegon company and its Romanian branch focus on the provision of traditional and unit-linked life insurance 
policies and generated a premium volume of EUR 85 million in 2019 (EUR 62 million Poland, EUR 23 million Romania; 
such premium calculation based on the applicable exchange rate at the end of 2019)). 
The Aegon asset management company is the fourth largest asset management company in Hungary and offers the full 
range of services in this business segment in the CEE region and manages assets of approximately EUR 1.8 billion.  
By acquiring the Aegon pension fund companies in Hungary, Poland and Romania, VIG is gaining new accesses to the 
pension business. Due to demographic developments and the associated difficulty in financing state pension systems, 
these markets are offering major growth opportunities for pension funds. All three pension fund companies are among the 
top 4 on the market in their respective countries. Total assets under management amount to EUR 4.9 billion. The purchase 
price for the shares is EUR 830 million. The transaction is subject to the necessary regulatory and competition approvals. 
The formal closing of the acquisition is expected to take place in the second half of 2021. 
According to a rating report dated 3 December 2020, Standard & Poor's assumes that VIG will maintain capital adequacy 
above the 'AAA' level after the Aegon acquisition. 
(c) 
COVID-19 Pandemic  
The outbreak of SARS-CoV-2, and its associated disease, which was first identified in December 2019 began to have a 
significant negative impact on global financial markets and increase the level of uncertainty from mid to late February 2020 
on. On 11 March 2020, the World Health Organisation (WHO) declared the disease associated with SARS-Cov-2 a pan-
demic. In order to slow the growth rate of infections, governments worldwide took drastic steps from simple social distanc-
ing measures to far-reaching regional or national lock-downs. In order to mitigate the expected significant economic slow-
down therefrom, and the associated adverse financial market consequences, governments and central banks worldwide 
implemented broad, and in parts unprecedented, fiscal and monetary policy measures. All negative effects that could be 
reasonably estimated were recognised in 2020. The Issuer will further follow the developments closely.  
As outlined in the risk factor "The negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic may affect VIG Group's business and the 
global economy more widely", the pandemic may result in an increase of financial, underwriting, liquidity and operational 
risks for VIG Group and, ultimately, may have material adverse effects on the operating results of VIG Group and its 
business and financial situation. 
In the 2020 financial year, a large part of the premium volume was generated in the first half of the year, as new business 
in the property lines in eastern countries of VIG Insurance Group is usually concluded at the beginning of the year. A 
decrease in new business is being observed in the motor lines of business and travel insurance. This decrease is consid-
ered related to the lockdown and travel restrictions due to the COVID-19 pandemic. VIG Group's insurance business is 
still not recording any significant effects on underwriting at VIG Group level. Some insurance lines of business were, how-
ever, affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.  
An increased need for health insurance was identified in some countries and is assumed to have a connection to the 
COVID-19 pandemic. It is not assumed, however, that this level of new business can be maintained going forward. 
The improvement in the claims ratio was mainly due to the lockdown and travel restrictions in connection with COVID-19 
and the resulting positive effects in many countries. The decrease in claim payments from April to June 2020, mainly in 
the motor lines of business, was generally also supported by a disproportionately large increase in the reinsurance no-
claims commission. The decrease in claim payments also led to a reduction in the included claims handling costs 2020. 
Some sales promotion measures were cancelled or deferred due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Losses of field staff between 
April and June 2020 could not be fully compensated, as new hirings were avoided during the lockdown phases of the 
COVID-19 pandemic.

--- Page 120 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
120 | 136 
VIG Group result before taxes decreased by 33.9% in 2020 to EUR 345.9 million (2019: EUR 521.6 million). In addition to 
a change in the consolidation method for non-profit societies, the year-on-year decrease was mainly due to a goodwill 
impairment of around EUR 120 million. This impairment was the result of an event-related impairment test of goodwill in 
connection with COVID-19.  
In connection with the global COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 several triggers emerged leading to an unscheduled impairment 
test of intangible assets. The resulting impairments mainly affect the cash generating unit groups Bulgaria (EUR 59.8 
million), Croatia (EUR 45.0 million) and Georgia (EUR 12.5 million) and are primarily the result of a higher cost of equity 
due to the increase in uncertainty caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and the underlying scenario analyses that simulated 
the potential effects of COVID-19 on macroeconomic data.  
Around EUR 68.5 million in impairment of financial instruments available for sale was recognized through profit and loss 
in financial year 2020. 
Other than referred to under (a) to (c) above, there have/has been:  
− 
no recent events particular to the Issuer and which are to a material extent relevant to an evaluation of the Issuer's 
solvency;  
− 
no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer and VIG Group since 30 June 2020;  
− 
no significant change in the financial performance of the Issuer since 30 June 2020; and  
− 
no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2019.

--- Page 121 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
121 | 136 
 
VIII. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
1. 
MANAGEMENT BOARD 
Members of the Management Board 
The current members of the Management Board listed below have extensive experience in the Austrian insurance sector and 
held the following significant additional mandates in management boards and supervisory boards or similar functions in other 
foreign and domestic companies as of the date of this Base Prospectus:   
Name 
Name of relevant company  
Committee 
Position held 
Prof. Elisabeth 
Stadler 
Chairperson 
DONAU Versicherung AG Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
InterRisk Lebensversicherungs-AG Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
InterRisk Versicherungs-AG Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Kooperativa, pojist'ovna, a.s. Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Vienna Insurance Group Polska Spolka z ograniczona odpowiedzialnoscia 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
BTA Baltic Insurance Company AAS 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
Ceská podnikatelská pojist'ovna, a.s., Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
Compensa Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen Na Zycie Spolka Akcyjna Vienna In-
surance Group 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
Compensa Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen Spolka Akcyjna Vienna Insurance 
Group 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
InterRisk Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen Spolka Akcyjna Vienna Insurance 
Group 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
Vienna Life Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen na Zycie S.A. Vienna Insurance 
Group 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
VIG RE zajist'ovna, a.s. 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
Wiener Towarzystwo Ubezpiezen Spolka Akcyjna Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
Compensa Life Vienna Insurance Group SE 
supervisory board 
member 
Compensa Vienna Insurance Group, akcine draudimo bendrove 
supervisory board 
member 
WIENER STÄDTISCHE VERSICHERUNG AG Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
1st deputy chairper-
son 
OMV Aktiengesellschaft 
supervisory board 
member 
voestalpine AG 
supervisory board 
member 
Institute of Science and Technology Austria 
advisory board  
(Kuratorium) 
member 
Austrian Red Cross (Österreichisches Rote Kreuz) 
 
presidium 
vice president 
Mag. Liane Hirner 
Member 
KUPALA Belarusian-Austrian Closed Joint Stock Insurance Company 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
InterRisk Lebensversicherungs-AG Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
InterRisk Versicherungs-AG Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
Vienna-Life Lebensversicherung AG Vienna Insurance Group 
administrative board 
member 
Private Joint-Stock Company "INSURANCE COMPANY "KNIAZHA LIFE VI-
ENNA INSURANCE GROUP" 
supervisory board 
member 
Private Joint-Stock Company "Insurance company" Ukrainian insurance 
group" 
supervisory board 
member 
PRIVATE JOINT-STOCK COMPANY "UKRAINIAN INSURANCE COMPANY supervisory board 
member

--- Page 122 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
122 | 136 
"KNIAZHA VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP" 
CFO Club Austria 
association 
auditor 
Institut österreichischer Wirtschaftsprüfer 
association 
member 
Kammer der Steuerberater und Wirtschaftsprüfer 
n/a 
member 
Accountancy Europe 
insurance working party member 
Europäische Aufsichtsbehörde für das Versicherungswesen und die betriebli-
che Altersversorgung 
advisory board 
member 
Verband der Versicherungsunternehmen Österreichs 
 
working group account-
ing  
member 
Mag. Peter  
Höfinger 
Member 
Akcionarsko drustvo za zivotno osiguranje Wiener Städtische Podgorica, Vi-
enna Insurance Group 
board of directors 
chairperson 
"BULSTRAD LIFE VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP" EAD 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
BTA Baltic Insurance Company AAS 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Compensa Life Vienna Insurance Group SE 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Compensa Vienna Insurance Group, akcine draudimo bendrove 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
INSURANCE JOINT-STOCK COMPANY "BULSTRAD VIENNA INSURANCE 
GROUP" 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
INTERSIG VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP Sh.A. 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Pension Assurance Company Doverie AD 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
SIGMA INTERALBANIAN VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP Sh.A. 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
UAB "Compensa Life Distribution" 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
WIENER STÄDTISCHE OSIGURANJE akcionarsko drustvo za osiguranje 
Beograd 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
GLOBAL ASSISTANCE, a.s. 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
KUPALA Belarusian-Austrian Closed Joint Stock Insurance Company 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
VIG RE zajist'ovna, a.s. 
supervisory board 
member 
INSURANCE JOINT-STOCK COMPANY "BULSTRAD VIENNA INSURANCE 
GROUP" 
 
audit committee 
member 
Mag. Gerhard 
Lahner 
Member 
Ray Sigorta Anonim Sirketi 
board of directors 
member 
Andel Investment Praha s.r.o. 
advisory board 
member 
VIG Asset Management, a.s. 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
VIG FUND, a.s. 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Ceská podnikatelská pojist'ovna, a.s., Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
member 
INSURANCE JOINT-STOCK COMPANY "BULSTRAD VIENNA INSURANCE 
GROUP" 
supervisory board 
member 
Joint Stock Company International Insurance Company IRAO 
supervisory board 
member 
Kooperativa, pojist'ovna, a.s. Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
member 
VIG RE zajist'ovna, a.s. 
supervisory board 
member 
Wiener Börse AG 
supervisory board 
member 
 
Wien 3420 Aspern Development AG 
supervisory board 
member 
 
msg life AG 
advisory board 
member 
 
 
 
 
Gabor Lehel 
Wiener Osiguranje Vienna Insurance Group ad 
board of directors 
chairperson 
Insurance Company Vienna osiguranje d.d., Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Joint Stock Insurance Company WINNER LIFE - Vienna Insurance Group 
Skopje 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Joint Stock Insurance Company WINNER-Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
chairperson

--- Page 123 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
123 | 136 
Stock Company for Insurance and Reinsurance MAKEDONIJA Skopje Vi-
enna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
UNION Vienna Insurance Group Biztositó Zrt. 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Wiener osiguranje Vienna Insurance Group dionicko drustvo za osiguranje 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
KOMUNALNA poistovna, a.s. Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
KOOPERATIVA poist'ovna, a.s. Vienna Insurance Group 
 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
Hartwig Löger 
Member 
 
V.I.P. Consulting Löger KG 
 
n/a 
general partner 
Mag. Harald  
Riener 
Member 
 
CLAIM EXPERT SERVICES S.R.L. 
shareholder committee 
chairperson 
GLOBAL ASSISTANCE SERVICES SRL 
shareholder committee 
chairperson 
VIG Management Service SRL 
shareholder committee 
chairperson 
Beesafe Spolka z Ogranziczona Odpowiedzialnoscia 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Benefia Ubezpieczenia Spolka z ograniczona odpowiedzialnoscia 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
GLOBAL ASSISTANCE, a.s. 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
VIG/C-QUADRAT Towarzystwo Funduszy Inwestycyjnych SPÓŁKA 
AKCYJNA 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
ASIGURAREA ROMANEASCA - ASIROM VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP 
S.A. 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
BCR Asigurari de Viata Vienna Insurance Group S.A. 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
Compania de Asigurari "DONARIS VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP" Societate 
pe Actiuni 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
Compensa Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen Na Zycie Spolka Akcyjna Vienna In-
surance Group 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
Compensa Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen Spolka Akcyjna Vienna Insurance 
Group 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
InterRisk Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen Spolka Akcyjna Vienna Insurance 
Group 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
OMNIASIG VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP S.A. 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
Private Joint-Stock Company "INSURANCE COMPANY "KNIAZHA LIFE VI-
ENNA INSURANCE GROUP" 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
Private Joint-Stock Company "Insurance company" Ukrainian insurance 
group" 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
PRIVATE JOINT-STOCK COMPANY "UKRAINIAN INSURANCE COMPANY 
"KNIAZHA VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP" 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
Spoldzielnia Uslugowa VIG EKSPERT W WARSZAWIE 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
Vienna Insurance Group Polska Spolka z ograniczona odpowiedzialnoscia 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
Vienna Life Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen na Zycie S.A. Vienna Insurance 
Group 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
Wiener Towarzystwo Ubezpiezen Spolka Akcyjna Vienna Insurance Group 
 
supervisory board 
deputy chairperson 
Dr. Peter Thirring 
Member 
 
Ray Sigorta Anonim Sirketi 
board of directors 
chairperson 
Vienna-Life Lebensversicherung AG Vienna Insurance Group 
board of directors 
deputy chairperson 
Joint Stock Company Insurance Company GPI Holding 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
KOMUNALNA poistovna, a.s. Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
KOOPERATIVA poist'ovna, a.s. Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
VIG RE zajist'ovna, a.s. 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
Beesafe Spolka z Ogranziczona Odpowiedzialnoscia 
supervisory board 
member

--- Page 124 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
124 | 136 
WIENER STÄDTISCHE VERSICHERUNG AG Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
member 
DONAU Versicherung AG Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board 
2nd deputy chairper-
son 
The members of the Management Board can be reached at VIG's business address Schottenring 30, 1010 Vienna, Austria. 
2. 
SUPERVISORY BOARD 
Members of the Supervisory Board 
Currently, the Supervisory Board consists of members elected by the shareholders of the Issuer. The following table sets out 
the current members of the Supervisory Board together with the significant additional mandates in management boards, super-
visory boards or similar functions in other foreign and domestic companies for each Supervisory Board member as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus: 
Name 
Name of relevant company  
Committee  
Position held 
Dr. Günter Geyer 
Chairperson 
Wiener Städtische Wechselseitiger Versicherungsverein – 
Vermögensverwaltung – Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board  
chairperson 
WIENER STÄDTISCHE VERSICHERUNG AG Vienna Insu-
rance Group 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
WWG Beteiligungen GmbH 
supervisory board  
1st deputy chairperson 
Die ERSTE österreichische Spar-Casse Privatstiftung 
assembly  
member 
Dr. Rudolf Ertl 
1st Deputy Chairman 
Wiener Städtische Wechselseitiger Versicherungsverein – 
Vermögensverwaltung – Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board  
member 
SOZIALBAU gemeinnützige Wohnungsaktiengesellschaft 
supervisory board  
member 
Dr. Georg Riedl 
2nd Deputy Chairperson 
AT & S Austria Technologie & Systemtechnik Aktiengesell-
schaft 
supervisory board  
2nd deputy chairperson 
Österreichische Salinen Aktiengesellschaft  
supervisory board  
member 
Salinen Austria Aktiengesellschaft  
supervisory board  
member 
SCHRACK SECONET AG 
supervisory board  
member 
European Trans Energy GmbH 
supervisory board  
member 
bwin.party services (Austria) GmbH 
supervisory board 
chairperson 
A + D Liegenschaftsbesitz GmbH 
management board 
member 
Wiesenthal Autohandels AG 
supervisory board  
deputy chairperson 
Wiesenthal Holding GmbH 
management board 
member 
Dkfm. Heinz Öhler 
Member 
n/a 
n/a 
Komm-Rat Martina  
Dobringer 
Member 
n/a 
n/a 
Mag. Dr. Gertrude  
Tumpel-Gugerell 
Member 
AT & S Austria Technologie & Systemtechnik Aktiengesell-
schaft 
supervisory board  
member 
OMV Aktiengesellschaft  
supervisory board  
member 
Commerzbank AG 
supervisory board  
member

--- Page 125 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
125 | 136 
Österreichische Forschungsförderungsgesellschaft mbH 
supervisory board  
chairperson 
Dr. Gerhard Fabisch 
Member 
ÖWGES Gemeinnützige Wohnbaugesellschaft m.b.H.  
supervisory board  
member 
Sparkassen-Haftungs GmbH 
supervisory board  
member 
Steiermärkische Bank und Sparkassen Aktiengesellschaft  
management board 
chairperson 
Steiermärkische Verwaltungssparkasse 
management board 
member 
Österreichischer Sparkassenverband AG 
management board 
chairperson 
Die Zweite Wiener Vereins-Sparcasse 
council 
Sparkassenakademie GmbH 
advisory board  
member 
Verband der Deutschen Freien Öffentlichen Sparkassen 
e.V. 
board of directors 
member 
ESBG – European Savings and Retail Banking Group 
board of directors 
member 
WSBI – World Savings and Retail Banking Institute 
board of directors 
member 
Landesverband der steirischen Sparkassen 
n/a 
chairperson 
WIENER STÄDTISCHE Versicherung AG Vienna Insurance 
Group, Team s-Versicherung 
council 
member 
WIENER STÄDTISCHE Versicherung AG Vienna Insurance 
Group, Landesdirektion Steiermark 
federal advisory board 
member 
Gabriele  
Semmelrock-Werzer 
Member 
Erste Bank der oesterreichischen Sparkassen AG 
supervisory board  
member 
Die Kärntner Sparkasse – Förderungsgesellschaft für den 
Bezirk Hermagor Gesellschaft m.b.H. 
supervisory board  
member 
Sparkassen-Haftungs GmbH 
supervisory board  
chairperson 
Erste Asset Management GmbH 
supervisory board  
member 
Kärntner Sparkasse Aktiengesellschaft  
management board  
member 
Banka Sparkasse d.d. 
supervisory board  
member 
Haftungsverbund der österreichische Sparkassen 
advisory board 
member 
Ing. Peter Mihok 
Member 
Wiener Städtische Wechselseitiger Versicherungsverein – 
Vermögensverwaltung – Vienna Insurance Group 
supervisory board  
member 
International Chamber of Commerce  
National Committee Slo-
vakia  
president 
Slovak Chamber of Commerce and Industry 
administrative board 
chairperson 
World Chambers Federation of the Internationalen Cham-
ber of Commerce, Paris 
n/a 
honorary chairperson 
Silkroadchamber for International Trade, Xian – Hong 
n/a 
honorary chairperson 
Eurochambres (association of European chambers of com-
merce and industry) 
management board  
member 
Economic and Social Committee of the EU 
n/a 
advisor 
Heineken Slovensko, a.s. 
supervisory board  
member 
Heineken Slovensko Sladovne, a.s. 
supervisory board  
member 
Incheba, a.s.  
supervisory board  
member 
Omnia, a.s. 
supervisory board  
Member 
Ing. Katarina Slezakova 
Member 
n/a

--- Page 126 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
126 | 136 
The members of the Supervisory Board can be reached at VIG's business address Schottenring 30, A-1010 Vienna, Aus-
tria. 
3. 
POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
Agreements (e.g., advisory contracts) of VIG with the members of its Management Board and its Supervisory Board may 
generate in certain circumstances conflicts of interest. 
Should any such conflict of interest arise, VIG has sufficient rules and procedures pursuant to compliance rules and industry 
standards in place regulating the management of conflicts of interest and the ongoing application of such rules. If any 
conflicts of interest are identified with respect to the members of the Issuer's Management Board, Supervisory Board or 
the upper management level, where internal procedures or measures would not be sufficient, conflicts of interest would be 
disclosed.  
Furthermore, members of the Management Board and Supervisory Board may serve on management or supervisory 
boards of various different companies (others than VIG), including customers of and investors in VIG, which may also 
compete directly or indirectly with the Issuer. Directorships of that kind may expose them to potential conflicts of interest if 
the Issuer maintains active business relations with said companies. 
4. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE 
VIG is committed to the application of and compliance with the January 2020 version of the Austrian Code of Corporate 
Governance. The Austrian Code of Corporate Governance (the "Code") is available to the public both on the VIG Insurance 
Group website at www.vig.com/ir and the website of the Austrian Working Group for Corporate Governance at www.cor-
porate-governance.at. 
The rules of the Code are divided into the following three categories: 
− 
Rules based on mandatory legal requirements; 
− 
Rules that must be observed. Non-compliance with these rules must be declared and explained in order to comply 
with the Code; and 
− 
Non-compliance with rules which are merely recommendations do not need to be disclosed or explained. 
All of the rules of the Code were observed by VIG. 
5. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDER OF THE ISSUER 
VIG's major shareholder is Wiener Städtische Wechselseitiger Versicherungsverein – Vermögensverwaltung – Vienna 
Insurance Group ("Wiener Städtische Versicherungsverein"). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Wiener Städtische 
Versicherungsverein directly and indirectly holds approximately 72.47%, of the issued share capital and therefore a major-
ity of the voting rights of the Issuer and the free float amounts to approximately 27.53%. A general overview of VIG's 
shareholder structure is set out below:

--- Page 127 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
127 | 136 
The Issuer is not aware of any arrangements the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control 
of the Issuer.There are no particular measures to prevent abusive exercise of control on the Issuer. According to the 
Austrian Stock Corporation Act, the members of the managing board of the Issuer must act in their own responsibility in 
the best interest of the Issuer, taking into account its shareholders, employees and the public interest. In particular, the 
members of the managing board are not obliged to follow instructions of shareholders or members of the supervisory 
board; if such instructions would be detrimental to the Issuer or would be contrary to its best interest, the members of the 
managing board would need to reject such instructions. The Issuer's management board therefore believes that the Issu-
er's corporate governance structure, together with the provisions of Austrian corporate law, provides sufficient safeguards 
against the abuse of controlling interests by shareholders.

--- Page 128 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
128 | 136 
IX. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The sale and/or distribution of the Notes may be subject to restrictions in various jurisdictions. The Issuer may from time 
to time request the FMA to provide to competent authorities of the member states of the EEA a notification concerning the 
approval of the Base Prospectus. 
Except for publishing and filing this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not taken any measures and will not take any measure 
in order to make the public offer of the Notes or their possession or the distribution of offer documents relating to the Notes 
permissible in a jurisdiction where special measures have to be taken for this purpose. Notes may be offered, sold, or 
delivered within a jurisdiction or originating from a jurisdiction only, if this is permitted pursuant to applicable laws and other 
legal provisions and if no obligations arise for the Issuer. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. Except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act 
("Regulation S") or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Notes will not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of the Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a 
part, an offer or sale of the Notes within the United States may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if 
such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities 
Act. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered or sold in the United States or its possessions 
or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meaning given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision the ex-
pression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision the expression 
"retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 129 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
129 | 136 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities 
involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose 
ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;  
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated 
an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) 
received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in 
relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 130 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
130 | 136 
GLOSSARY AND LIST OF ABBREVIATIONS 
For ease of reference, the glossary below sets out certain abbreviations and meanings of certain terms used in this Base 
Prospectus. Readers of this Base Prospectus should always have regard to the full description of a term contained in this 
Base Prospectus. 
AGM  
annual general meeting  
Alternative Performance 
Measures 
financial measures as well as financial ratios presented in this Base Prospectus, 
including financial measures and financial ratios presented in the documents in-
corporated by reference that are not recognised financial measures under IFRS 
Audited Consolidated Financial 
Statements 2018  
the German language version of the audited consolidated annual financial state-
ments of VIG for the financial year ended 31 December 2018  
Audited Consolidated Financial 
Statements 2019  
the German language version of the audited consolidated annual financial state-
ments of VIG for the financial year ended 31 December 2019  
Arranger  
Erste Group Bank AG 
Base Prospectus  
this base prospectus  
Benchmark Regulation  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and finan-
cial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending 
Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014, as 
amended from time to time 
Business Day 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which (i) the Clearing System is 
open for regular business and (ii) which is a TARGET Business Day 
Calculation Agent 
Erste Group Bank AG or such other calculation agent as may be appointed in 
relation to a specific issue or Series of Notes 
CEE  
Central and Eastern Europe  
Clearstream or CBL 
Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg, 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, LU-1855 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg  
Clearing System 
means OeKB CSD, CBL or Euroclear  
Code 
Austrian Code of Corporate Governance 
Conditions 
terms and conditions applicable to each particular Tranche of Notes 
CRA Regulation 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended from time to time 
Custodian 
any bank or other financial institution with which the Holder maintains a securi-
ties account in respect of any Notes and having an account maintained with the 
Clearing System, including the Clearing System 
Dealer(s) 
each person who is appointed as a Dealer under the Programme Agreement

--- Page 131 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
131 | 136 
Distributor 
any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
Donau Versicherung 
DONAU Versicherung AG 
EBRD  
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development  
EEA  
European Economic Area  
EGB Agreement 
general distribution agreement between Erste Group Bank AG and VIG 
EMMI 
European Money Markets Institute  
EIOPA 
European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority 
ESG 
Environmental, Social and Governance 
ESG-Notes 
Notes issued under the VIG Sustainability Bond Framework 
ESG Project 
projects or assets that meet the eligibility criteria defined in the sustainability 
bond framework of VIG Group and include projects and assets in the following 
eligible categories: Green Buildings, Renewable Energy, Clean Transportation, 
Energy Efficiency, Affordable Housing, Access to Essential Services 
ESG Ratings 
The Issuer's exposure to ESG risks and the related management arrangements 
established to mitigate those risks, as assessed by several agencies 
ESMA 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Bench-
mark Regulation 
EU  
European Union  
EU Banking Package  
a legislative package regarding a set of revised rules (comprising the CRD IV, 
the CRR, the BRRD and the SRMR) aimed at reducing risks in the EU banking 
sector published on 7 June 2019 in the Official Journal of the EU  
EU Green Bond Standard 
future European standard for green bonds proposed by the Technical Expert 
Group on Sustainable Finance in 2019 in its final report published on 
9 March 2020 by the Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance on the EU 
taxonomy containing recommendations relating to the overarching design of the 
EU Taxonomy, as well as extensive implementation guidance on how compa-
nies and financial institutions can use and disclose against the taxonomy 
EUR  
Euro  
EURIBOR 
Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
Euroclear 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium 
EUWA 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  
Final Terms  
final terms setting forth the applicable Terms and Conditions of the Notes issued 
under the Prospectus, a form of which is included in this Base Prospectus

--- Page 132 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
132 | 136 
Fiscal Agent 
Erste Group Bank AG 
FMA  
Austrian Financial Market Authority (Finanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde)  
FSMA 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
FX loans  
loans which are denominated in currencies other than their relevant local cur-
rencies  
GDPR 
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing 
of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 
95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation), as amended from time to time 
Global Note  
a permanent global note in bearer form representing each Series or Tranche of 
Notes  
Holder 
any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other comparable right in the 
Global Note which may be transferred to a new Holder in accordance with the 
provisions of the Clearing System 
Holder's Currency 
currency or currency unit in which the Holder's financial activities are principally 
denominated in 
IASB 
International Accounting Standards Board 
IFRS  
International Financial Reporting Standards  
Insurance Distribution Directive 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 Jan-
uary 2016 on insurance distribution (recast) directive 2016/97/EU 
Issuer 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe 
Issuer's Group 
the Issuer and its subsidiaries pursuant to the Applicable Supervisory Regula-
tions (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) regarding the supervision of the 
group solvency 
Issuer's Senior Ranking Obliga-
tions 
all of the Issuer's present and future (i) unsubordinated obligations; and (ii) obli-
gations subordinated by operation of law pursuant to the Applicable Insolvency 
Regulations (as defined in the Terms and Conditions); and (iii) contractually sub-
ordinated obligations under instruments which, pursuant to their terms or man-
datory provisions of law rank, senior to the Issuer's obligations under the Tier 2 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes; and (iv) subordinated obligations required to be 
preferred by mandatory provisions of law 
Listing Agent 
Erste Group Bank AG 
Management Board 
the management board (Vorstand) of the Issuer 
Managers  
the institutions that are specified as Managers in the relevant Final Terms of 
each Series or Tranche of Notes as underwriting or placing the Notes  
Margin  
Margin to be added to the EURIBOR according to the Final Terms

--- Page 133 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
133 | 136 
Market 
the Official Market (Amtlicher Handel) of the Vienna Stock Exchange (Wiener 
Börse)  
Market Interest Rate 
interest rate on the capital market for issues of the same maturity 
MiFID II  
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC 
and Directive 2011/61/EU (recast) (Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II)  
MREL  
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities  
Notes  
Notes issued under the Programme  
Notification  
a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up 
in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (sent by the FMA to each host 
member state as requested by the Issuer)  
n/a 
not applicable 
OeKB CSD 
OeKB CSD GmbH, Strauchgasse 1-3, A-1010 Vienna, Austria 
OTC  
over-the-counter  
Paying Agent 
Erste Group Bank AG, Am Belvedere 1, A-1100 Vienna, Austria 
PRIIPs Regulation 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and 
insurance-based investment products (PRIIPs), as amended from time to time 
Programme  
the Programme of the Issuer for the issuance of Notes which is established by 
the Base Prospectus 
Programme Agreement 
the Programme Agreement dated 16 March 2021 between Erste Group Bank 
AG and the Issuer 
Prospectus Regulation  
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 
June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the 
public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 
2003/71/EC, as amended from time to time 
Regulation S 
Regulation S under the Securities Act 
SBC 
VIG's Sustainability Bond Committee 
SCR 
solvency capital requirement an insurance company's economic capital that 
needs to be held in order to fulfil the minimum capital requirement under Sol-
vency II 
SCR Ratio 
solvency ratio (defined by EIOPA standards as the sum of own funds divided by 
the solvency capital requirement) 
Second Party Opinion 
second party opinion on the VIG Sustainability Bond Framework provided by

--- Page 134 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
134 | 136 
Sustainalytics 
Securities Act  
United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended  
Senior Fixed Rate Notes 
senior ranking Notes with fixed interest rate  
Senior Floating Rate Notes 
senior ranking Notes with floating interest rate  
Senior Notes 
Senior Fixed Rate Notes and Senior Floating Rate Notes 
Series  
Series of Notes as specified in the Final Terms 
Solvency II 
Directive 2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 No-
vember 2009 on the taking-up and pursuit of the business of Insurance and Re-
insurance, as amended from time to time 
Specified Currency 
the issue currency applicable to a particular Series and, if applicable, Tranche 
of Notes as set out in the Final Terms 
Standard & Poor's 
S & P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
Supervisory Board  
the supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat) of the Issuer  
Sustainalytics 
Sustainalytics GmbH, Kasseler Straße 1A, 60486 Frankfurt am Main, Germany 
Taxonomy Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
18 June 2020 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable in-
vestment, and amending Regulation (EU) 2019/2088, as amended from time to 
time 
Terms and Conditions  
the terms and conditions of the Notes which are composed of the Issue Specific 
Conditions and the General Conditions and which are set out on pages 38 et 
seqq of this Base Prospectus  
Tier 2  
own funds pursuant to Article 62 CRR (Tier 2)  
Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate 
Notes 
dated Tier 2 Notes with interest convertible fixed to variable 
Tranche  
a tranche of a Series of Notes 
Unaudited Interim Condensed 
Consolidated Financial State-
ments as of 30 June 2020 
the German language version of the unaudited interim condensed consolidated 
annual financial statements of VIG for the financial half-year ended 30 June 
2020 
UK  
the United Kingdom  
UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
UK PRIIPs Regulation 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and

--- Page 135 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
135 | 136 
insurance-based investment products (PRIIPs), as amended from time to time 
United States or United States of 
America 
the United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of 
Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands) 
USD  
the currency of the United States of America  
VAG  
Austrian Insurance Supervisory Act (Versicherungsaufsichtsgesetz)  
VIG 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe 
VIG Group 
VIG and its consolidated subsidiaries 
VIG Re 
VIG RE zajišťovna, a. s. 
VIG Sustainability Bond Frame-
work 
The sustainability bond framework of VIG Group 
Wiener Städtische Versicher-
ungsverein 
Wiener Städtische Wechselseitiger Versicherungsverein – Vermögensverwal-
tung – Vienna Insurance Group 
Wiener Städtische 
Wiener Städtische Versicherung AG Vienna Insurance Group 
WKN  
German securities identification number

--- Page 136 ---
VIG – Base Prospectus 
 
 
136 | 136 
 
 
ISSUER 
 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe 
Schottenring 30 
1010 Vienna, Austria 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISOR TO THE ISSUER 
 
Weber Rechtsanwälte GmbH & Co KG 
Rathausplatz 4 
1010 Vienna, Austria 
 
 
 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
 
Erste Group Bank AG 
Am Belvedere 1 
1100 Vienna, Austria  
 
 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT, LISTING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
 
Erste Group Bank AG 
Am Belvedere 1 
1100 Vienna, Austria  
 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISORS TO THE ARRANGER AND DEALER 
 
Linklaters LLP 
Taunusanlage 8  
60329 Frankfurt, Germany 
WOLF THEISS Rechtsanwälte GmbH & Co KG 
Schubertring 6 
1010 Vienna, Austria 
 
 
 
 
AUDITORS 
 
KPMG Austria GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungs und Steuerberatungsgesellschaft  
Porzellangasse 51 
1090 Vienna, Austria

--- Page 137 ---
Signaturwert
c/yaZWkrUPiUtIiCaIt/xH312YzOd9sEkfzEJZgJQKUD0WcEq6FXWiWW2FxKaYiRtZm3T13R2nwqveWZUT8F8+b
+14BKag767ssuZLoHfaXC7AmtOjilxMaRP2lRSp5iM1rm8KpEjvS1xd/Iv6nfUjqHMVsjIOJCqDatnrH8QWLll5
Hn2MxO2tLCio1As/D8s5GqehMYzlkmmXVu70rzUZRH6Hlwv1A82OmdO/pkSSeou5rLHFNNrJggeuXerJe06TyMo
CgFwYoHMKNt7aAabSfYEKqUM5e2DkuNNnaFGW7IRF+lYNU9qUw3Q4tiadJRasMjT+StQfO5EB5YKcjw9w==    
                                          
Unterzeichner
Österreichische Finanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde                          
                                                           
Datum/Zeit-UTC
2021-03-16T07:17:01Z                                                 
 
Aussteller-Zertifikat
CN=a-sign-corporate-light-02,OU=a-sign-corporate-light-02,O=A-Trust  
Ges. f. Sicherheitssysteme im elektr. Datenverkehr GmbH,C=AT         
            
Serien-Nr.
532114608                                                            
 
Methode
urn:pdfsigfilter:bka.gv.at:binaer:v1.1.0
Prüfinformation
Informationen zur Prüfung des elektronischen Siegels bzw. der elektronischen Signatur
finden Sie unter:
http://www.signaturpruefung.gv.at 
Hinweis
Dieses Dokument wurde amtssigniert. Auch ein Ausdruck dieses Dokuments hat gemäß § 20
E-Government-Gesetz die Beweiskraft einer öffentlichen Urkunde.