--- Page 1 ---
(i) 
 
 
 
Base Prospectus 
6 May 2022 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the “ Prospectus Regulation”) in respect of non-equity securities within the meaning of Article 2(c) of the 
Prospectus Regulation (the “ Base Prospectus”). 
VIER GAS TRANSPORT GMBH 
(incorporated with limited liability in Essen, Federal Republic of Germany) 
as Issuer 
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
(the “Programme”) 
Vier Gas Transport GmbH (the “ Issuer”, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the “ Group”) may from time to time issue notes in bearer form 
(the “ Notes”). The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding and issued under the Programme will not at any time exceed EUR 5,000, 000,000 (or 
the equivalent in other currencies). 
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the Programme on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and trade Notes on the 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Commission (Regulated Market “ Bourse 
de Luxembourg”) (the “ Regulated Market”). The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 2016/97/EU and 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“ MiFID II”). Notes issued under the Programme may also not be listed. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (the “ CSSF”), as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and under the Luxembourg act relating to prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 (Loi du 
16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et portant mise en oeuvre du règlement (EU) 2017/1129, the “ Luxembourg Prospectus 
Law”). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
 
Arranger 
ING 
Dealers 
BNP Paribas 
Commerzbank 
ING 
RBC Capital Markets 
UniCredit 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement hereto will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) 
and on the website of the Issuer (www.viergas.de). 
The validity of this Base Prospectus ends upon expiration of 6 May 2023. There is no obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event 
of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Potential investors should be aware that any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 2 ---
(ii) 
 
 
 
 
NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any other 
documents incorporated herein by reference and, in relation to any series of Notes, together with the relevant final terms 
(the “Final Terms”). Full information on any tranche of Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of the Base 
Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers (as defined herein) that this Base Prospectus contains all information with regard 
to the Issuer and the Notes which is material in the context of the Programme and the issue and offering of Notes thereunder; 
that the information contained herein with respect to the Issuer and the Notes is accurate and complete in all material 
respects and is not misleading; that any opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held and based on reasonable 
assumptions; that there are no other facts with respect to the Issuer or the Notes, the omission of which would make this 
Base Prospectus as a whole or any of such information or the expression of any such opinions or intentions misleading; 
that the Issuer has made all reasonable enquiries to ascertain all facts material for the purposes aforesaid. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months following the date of its approval and this Base Prospectus and any 
supplement hereto as well as any Final Terms reflect the status as of their respective dates of issue. The delivery of this 
Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto, or any Final Terms and the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes may not be 
taken as an implication that the information contained in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their 
respective dates of issue or that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer since such date or 
that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is accurate at any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to supplement this Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or publish a new Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or 
inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base Prospectus in respect of Notes issued on the basis of this Base 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes and which arises or is noted between the time when 
this Base Prospectus has been approved and the closing of any tranche of Notes offered to the public or, as the case may 
be, when trading of any tranche of Notes on a regulated market begins in respect of Notes issued on the basis of this Base 
Prospectus. 
No person has been authorised to give any information which is not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus 
or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or any other 
information in the public domain and, if given or made, such information must not be relied upon as having been authorised 
by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them. 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor the Fiscal Agent nor any Paying Agent nor any other person mentioned in this 
Base Prospectus, excluding the Issuer, is responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any 
supplement hereto, or any Final Terms or any document incorporated herein by reference, and accordingly, and to the 
extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility for the accuracy 
and completeness of the information contained in any of these documents. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery 
of Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms come are required to inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. For a description of the restrictions 
applicable in the European Economic Area, United States of America, the United Kingdom and Japan; see “Selling 
Restrictions”. In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the “Securities Act “), and include Notes in bearer form that are subject to tax law requirements of the 
United States of America; subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(“Regulation S”)) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. 
The language of this Base Prospectus and the terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”) is English. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement may only be used for the purpose for which they have been published. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of an offer or 
solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and any Final Terms do not constitute an offer or an invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase any Notes.

--- Page 3 ---
(iii) 
 
 
 
 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “Distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any 
Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Where such a Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors is included in the Final Terms, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UNITED KINGDOM MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
Distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). 
For these purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms 
part of English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), as amended by the Markets in 
Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Article 68(1) of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) Order 2001, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(28) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of English 
law by virtue of the EUWA, as amended by the Markets in Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 
2018. Where such a Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors is included in the Final Terms, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor or in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 4 ---
(iv) 
 
 
 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
Certain financial measures presented in this Base Prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference are not 
recognised financial measures under International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as adopted by the European 
Union (“Alternative Performance Measures”) and may therefore not be considered as an alternative to the financial 
measures defined in the accounting standards in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Alternative 
Performance Measures are intended to supplement investors’ understanding of the Group’s financial information by 
providing measures which investors, financial analysts and management use to help evaluate the Group’s financial leverage 
and operating performance. Special items which the Issuer does not believe to be indicative of ongoing business 
performance are excluded from these calculations so that investors can better evaluate and analyse historical and future 
business trends on a consistent basis. Definitions of these Alternative Performance Measures may not be comparable to 
similar definitions used by other companies and are not a substitute for similar measures according to IFRS. In evaluating 
the Alternative Performance Measures, investors should carefully consider the financial statements of the Issuer 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Although certain of this data has been extracted or derived from the 
financial statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, this data has not been audited or reviewed by the 
independent auditors. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest amounts payable under the floating rate Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
("EURIBOR"), which is currently provided by European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”). As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”). 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES, THE DEALER OR DEALERS (IF ANY) 
NAMED 
AS STABILISATION MANAGER(S) 
(OR PERSONS ACTING 
ON BEHALF 
OF ANY 
STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR 
EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A 
LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION 
MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE 
DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE 
RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST 
END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT 
TRANCHE OF NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT 
TRANCHE OF NOTES. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED 
BY THE RELEVANT STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSON(S) ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY 
STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES. 
ANY U.S. PERSON WHO HOLDS AN OBLIGATION UNDER THIS PROGRAMME THAT IS TREATED AS 
IN BEARER FORM FOR U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS 
UNDER THE U.S. INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN CLAUSES 165(J) 
AND 1287(A) OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED. 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to “€”, “EUR” or “Euro” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage 
of the European economic and monetary union, and defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 
1998 on the introduction of the Euro, as amended. 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a tranche of Notes is rated, such rating and the respective rating agency 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
To the extent not otherwise indicated, the information contained in this Base Prospectus on the market environment, market 
developments, growth rates, market trends and competition in the markets in which the Issuer operates is taken from 
publicly available sources, including, but not limited to, third-party studies or the Issuer’s estimates that are also primarily 
based on data or figures from publicly available sources. The information from third-party sources that is cited here has 
been reproduced accurately. As far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by such 
third-party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information published inaccurate or misleading. 
This Base Prospectus also contains estimates of market data and information derived from these estimates that would not 
be available from publications issued by market research firms or from any other independent sources. This information is 
based on the Issuer’s internal estimates and, as such, may differ from the estimates made by their competitors or from data 
collected in the future by market research firms or other independent sources. To the extent the Issuer derived or

--- Page 5 ---
(v) 
 
 
 
 
summarised the market information contained in this Base Prospectus from a number of different studies, an individual 
study is not cited unless the respective information can be taken from it directly. 
The Issuer has not independently verified the market data and other information on which third parties have based their 
studies or the external sources on which the Issuer’s own estimates are based. Therefore, the Issuer assumes no 
responsibility for the accuracy of the information on the market environment, market developments, growth rates, market 
trends and competitive situation presented in this Base Prospectus from third-party studies or the accuracy of the 
information on which the Issuer’s own estimates are based. Any statements regarding the market environment, market 
developments, growth rates, market trends and competitive situation presented in this Base Prospectus regarding the Issuer 
and their operating divisions contained in this Base Prospectus are based on their own estimates and/or analysis unless 
other sources are specified. 
Any websites referred to in this Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of the Base 
Prospectus (except with respect to the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus). 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In 
particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus or any supplement hereto; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial 
situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant Notes, 
including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
(v) 
be aware that it may be required to pay taxes or other documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws 
and practices of the country where the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions; 
(vi) 
ask for its own tax adviser’s advice on its individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, sale and redemption 
of the Notes; and 
(vii) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest 
rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
ESG RATINGS 
The Issuer's exposure to Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") risks and the related management arrangements 
established to mitigate those risks has been or may be assessed by several agencies, among others, through environmental, 
social and governance ratings ("ESG ratings"). 
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG ratings may differ. 
The Issuer's ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future operating or financial performance, or any 
future ability to service the Notes and are only current as of the dates on which they were initially issued. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such ESG ratings information contained in this Base 
Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment decision. Furthermore, ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold the Notes. Currently, the providers of such ESG 
ratings are not subject to any regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of ESG 
ratings. For more information regarding the assessment methodologies used to determine ESG ratings, please refer to the 
relevant ratings agency's website (which website does not form a part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base 
Prospectus).

--- Page 6 ---
(vi) 
 
 
 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement that does 
not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts 
not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such 
as “anticipate”, “believe”, “could”, “estimate”, “expect”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, “predict”, “project”, “will” and similar 
terms and phrases, including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Base Prospectus 
containing information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding Vier Gas’ business and management, 
its growth and profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions and other factors that affect them. 
Forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the Issuer makes 
to the best of their present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors 
which could cause actual results, including the Issuer’s financial condition and results of operations, to differ materially 
from and be worse than results that have expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking 
statements. The Issuer’s business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking 
statement, estimate or prediction in this Base Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are strongly advised 
to read the following sections of this Base Prospectus: “Risk Factors” and “Business Description of the Issuer” and such 
parts of the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out under “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference” below. These sections include more detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact on the Issuer’s 
business and the markets in which the Issuer operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Base Prospectus may not occur. In 
addition, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by law, to update any forward-looking 
statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or developments.

--- Page 7 ---
(1) 
 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS.............................................................................................................................. 2 
I. RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE ISSUER AND OGE ........................................................ 2 
II. RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE NOTES ......................................................................... 8 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT ................................................................................................... 12 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ................................................................................... 13 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF OGE ............................................................................................... 21 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES.................................................................................. 35 
OPTION I – TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTES WITH FIXED INTEREST RATE ............... 36 
OPTION II – TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTES WITH FLOATING INTEREST RATE ....... 50 
OPTION III – TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTES WITHOUT INTEREST COUPON ............ 66 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS.............................................................................................................. 79 
USE OF PROCEEDS...................................................................................................................... 88 
WARNING REGARDING TAXATION............................................................................................ 89 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE.......................................................................................................... 90 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................... 93 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ......................................................................... 95 
 
  
.

--- Page 8 ---
1 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under its EUR 5,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue notes in bearer form 
governed by German law (the “Notes”) to one or more financial institutions specified on the cover page of this Base 
Prospectus and any additional financial institution appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer, which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on a permanent basis (each a “Dealer”, and, together, the “Dealers”). References 
in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed 
by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the dealer agreement dated 6 May 2022 (the “Dealer Agreement”) from time to time. 
Notes will be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”). One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated and 
form a single series and are identical in all respects, but having (if so applicable) different issue dates, interest 
commencement dates, issue prices and dates for first interest payments, may form a series (the “Series”) of fungible Notes. 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche of Notes. The 
Conditions will be set out in a document specific to such Tranche referred to as Final Terms. 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 100,000, or, if in 
any currency other than euro, in an amount in such other currency equivalent to EUR 100,000 at the time of the issue of 
Notes. Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, and requirements of relevant central banks , Notes may be 
issued in euro or any other currency. The Notes will be freely transferable and will be redeemed at par at their respective 
maturity date. 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as stated in the relevant 
Final Terms. The issue price for Notes to be issued will be determined at the time of pricing on the basis of a yield which 
will be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which are received by the Dealers. Orders will s pecify a 
minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or above such yield. The resulting yield will be used to determine an issue 
price corresponding to the yield. 
The yield for Notes with fixed interest rates will be calculated by the use of the ICMA method, which determines the 
effective interest rate of notes by taking into account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
Notes may be distributed by way of offers to the public or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or 
non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. The Notes 
may be offered to qualified and non-qualified investors. 
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the Programme on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and to admit Notes to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Notes may further 
be issued under the Programme which will not be listed on any stock exchange. 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch will act as fiscal agent (the “Fiscal Agent”). The Fiscal Agent shall also act as paying 
agent under the Programme. 
Notes will be accepted for clearing through one or more Clearing Systems as specified in the relevant Final Terms. These 
systems will comprise those operated by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, Clearstream Banking S.A., 
Luxembourg and Euroclear Bank SA/NV. Notes denominated in euro or, as the case may be, such other currency 
recognised from time to time for the purposes of eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem, are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Therefore, 
these Notes will initially be deposited upon issue with in the case of (i) a new global note a common safekeeper, which is 
appointed jointly by Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg and Euroclear Bank SA/NV or, (ii) a classical global note 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main. This does not necessarily mean, however, that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
prevailing from time to time.

--- Page 9 ---
2 
 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The following is a description of material risks that are specific to the Issuer and/or may affect its ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. Prospective investors should consider these risk factors, together with the other information 
included in this Base Prospectus, and consult with their own professional advisers (including their financial, accounting, 
legal and tax advisers) before deciding to invest in the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Should one or several of the following risks materialise, this could lead to a material decline in the price of the Notes or, 
in the worst-case scenario, to a total loss of interest and the amount invested by investors. 
Each prospective purchaser of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional advice 
as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully consistent with its financial needs, 
objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable 
to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing 
in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective purchaser may not rely on the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in connection with its 
determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters referred to above. 
The following material risk factors comprise two parts: 
1. 
Risk Factors regarding the Issuer and the Group; and 
2. 
Risk Factors regarding the Notes 
And, in each of these sections, risk factors are organized in categories depending on their respective nature. In each 
category, the most material risk factor, based on the probability of its occurrence and the expected magnitude of its negative 
impact, is mentioned first. The risks disclosed herein and those not presently known or believed to be immaterial may 
materialise individually or cumulatively. In each case, the materialisation of such risks could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s net assets, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects, as well as on the 
market price of the Notes. 
I. 
RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE ISSUER AND OGE 
Operational Risks  
The Issuer is a holding company with no material operations and relies on its subsidiaries to provide itself with funds 
necessary to meet its financial obligations 
As a holding company the Issuer has no own material, direct operations. The Issuer’s principal asset is the equity interest 
it holds in Open Grid Europe GmbH (“OGE”). As a result, the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on and repay principal of the 
Notes and its other indebtedness is dependent upon the operations of its direct and indirect subsidiaries and the distributions, 
transfers and advances or other payments of funds the Issuer receives, especially from OGE. The Issuer cannot provide any 
assurance that it will receive sufficient funds to make payments on the Notes when due. The Issuer’s subsidiaries are 
separate and distinct legal entities and they will have no direct obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay amounts due 
under the Notes. 
Accordingly, all risk factors that have an impact on OGE (described in more detail below) have an impact on the Issuer 
and if such a risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on Issuer’s cash flows, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
The regulatory framework in Germany governing the tariffs of OGE includes certain factors which may negatively 
impact the Issuer’s ability to meet its debt service obligations  
Due to its monopolistic position, the Issuer’s main subsidiary OGE is highly regulated. In particular, the tariffs charged as 
well as the total revenue generated from transport services by OGE as a gas transmission system operator (“TSO”) are 
subject to a revenue cap regulation by the Federal Network Agency (Bundesnetzagentur – “BNetzA”). Decisions made 
and actions taken by the BNetzA under the current regulatory framework may have a negative impact regarding the tariffs 
and generated revenue on OGE. These decisions or actions made by BNetzA may be based on false assumptions, defective 
research or unreasonable efficiency goals and may fail to take into account costs which OGE cannot avoid incurring. 
If such a risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on OGE’s business and cash flows, financial condition 
and results of operations and thus also affect the Issuer.

--- Page 10 ---
3 
 
 
 
 
OGE may incur significant costs to manage potential environmental and public health risks and to accommodate city 
planning constraints 
OGE operates a gas transmission network of approximately 12,000 kilometers across Germany. Therefore, OGE’s 
operations and assets are subject to European, national and regional regulations dealing with, inter alia, environmental 
matters, city planning and zoning, building and environmental permits and rights of way. These regulations are often 
complex and subject to continual changes (resulting in a potentially stricter regulatory framework or enforcement policy). 
OGE’s operations may be potentially hazardous and subject to the risk of liability arising from environmental damage or 
pollution. The most significant environmental issues faced by OGE are those related to the environmental impact of 
pipeline construction, the storage and management of certain hazardous materials required for the pipeline operations and 
plant maintenance, the management of hazardous waste and the reduction of natural gas and other emissions released into 
the atmosphere as a result of daily operations. Compliance with such regulations may impose significant additional costs 
on OGE, including expenses related to the implementation of preventative or remedial measures or the adoption of 
additional preventative measures to comply with the future changes in laws or regulations. Additional costs may also be 
incurred by OGE in respect of, inter alia, compensation for the impact of the infrastructure on the environment, actual or 
potential liability claims, and the defence of OGE in legal or administrative procedures or settlement of third party claims. 
Opposition to actions or programmes in connection with environmental, city planning or zoning matters may require OGE 
to incur additional costs for enquiries or publicity measures. The handling of existing maintenance projects might also lead 
to additional costs for OGE due, for example, to possible obligations to carry out extensive remediation measures. 
If such a risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on OGE’s business and cash flows, financial condition 
and results of operations and thus also affect the Issuer. 
Acts of Terrorism, Sabotage or Crime may Adversely Affect the Operations of OGE 
OGE’s gas network and assets are widely spread geographically and potentially exposed to acts of terrorism, sabotage or 
crime. Such events could negatively affect OGE’s networks or operations and may cause network failures or system 
breakdowns. Network failures or system breakdowns could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on OGE’s financial 
condition and results of operations through the reduction of revenues and the incurrence of costs for damages due to the 
unavailability of parts or all of the network, particularly if the destruction caused by acts of terrorism, sabotage or crime 
are of major importance. 
If such a risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on OGE’s business and cash flows, financial condition 
and results of operations and thus also affect the Issuer. 
Dependence on Licences and Authorisations 
Since OGE is a highly regulated company, it depends on numerous licences, authorisations, exemptions and/or 
dispensations held directly or by its subsidiaries, joint companies or associates in order to operate their business. These 
licences, authorisations, exemptions and/or dispensations may be subject to amendment, the imposition of additional 
conditions or revocation. 
If such a risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on OGE’s business and cash flows, financial condition 
and results of operations and thus also affect the Issuer. 
In the event of transmission disruptions, breakdown of the network, or non-implementation of emergency measures as 
prescribed by law, OGE may be held liable for damages by its customers and/or third parties or incur additional costs 
To ensure fault-free operation of the transport business OGE employs high quality standards and sophisticated quality 
assurance concepts. Nevertheless, errors and resultant claims for compensation by customers cannot be entirely excluded. 
Transmission disruptions or system breakdowns that affect OGE’s network may result in a failure of OGE to maintain a 
sufficient and reliable network capacity and to transport gas to customers and may expose OGE to liability claims and 
litigation. Such events may be caused by operational hazards or unforeseen events including but not limited to accidents, 
breakdowns or failure of equipment or processes resulting from unexpected material defects or fatigue, major system or 
network imbalances, human errors, IT systems and process failures, performance below expected levels of capacity and 
efficiency, natural events such as heavy storms, thunderstorms, earthquakes or landslides and other unforeseen events. 
OGE may also be liable if emergency measures have not been carried out in accordance with applicable requirements. The 
probability of one or more of the aforementioned events may increase if OGE is unable to make necessary investments in 
the network, which can be the result of a number of factors, including liquidity, contractor or material constraints, or if 
competent authorities or other third parties hinder the approval of the necessary operational procedures and/or investments 
proposed in OGE’s development plans. 
If such a risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on OGE’s business and cash flows, financial condition 
and results of operations and thus also affect the Issuer.

--- Page 11 ---
4 
 
 
 
 
A failure of OGE’s information technology systems and processes or a breach of their security measures may have a 
negative impact on OGE 
OGE uses complex information technology (“IT”) systems and processes to operate and control its pipeline network. The 
reliability and continuity of these are essential for an efficient and reliable operation of the network. Although OGE 
continuously takes measures to improve its IT systems and processes, there is no guarantee that important system hardware 
and software failures, viruses, cyber-attacks accidents or security breaches will not occur and these could impair OGE’s 
ability to provide all or part of the services it is required to provide by law or under the contracts to which it is a party 
which could, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the business operations, the results and the financial position 
of OGE. 
If such a risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on OGE’s business and cash flows, financial condition 
and results of operations and thus also affect the Issuer. 
Accidents at OGE’s facilities and involving OGE’s assets may have serious consequences 
OGE operates various facilities and plants (e.g. compressor stations) where accidents may occur or in connection with the 
use of certain of OGE’s assets may result in human injury or death, as well as other serious consequences. As such, OGE 
may be exposed to potential claims resulting in significant liabilities, use of financial and management resources and 
possible harm to its reputation. 
If such a risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on OGE’s business and cash flows, financial condition 
and results of operations and thus also affect the Issuer. 
Any decisions made or actions taken within companies in which OGE does not hold full control over the decision making 
processes may result in higher costs, lower revenues or a lower profit margin concerning such companies 
In the course of its business, OGE engages in economic activities with other companies through collaborations or joint 
companies. As OGE does not hold a controlling interest in such joint companies or collaborations, OGE cannot ensure that 
all decisions taken within such joint companies or collaborations are approved by OGE or are in its interests. In such cases, 
the decisions made or actions taken may result in higher costs, lower revenues or a lower profit margin concerning OGE’s 
joint companies or collaborations. 
If such a risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on OGE’s business and cash flows, financial condition 
and results of operations and thus also affect the Issuer. 
A lack of or loss of highly qualified staff may result in insufficient experience and knowhow to meet OGE’s strategic 
objectives 
OGE pursues an active human resources policy that aims at maintaining an adequate level of expertise and knowhow in a 
tight labour market in view of the highly specialised nature of its business. OGE may, however, experience difficulties in 
attracting and retaining highly qualified staff required to support its obligations, implement its investment programme and 
develop new business fields. Such a lack or loss of highly qualified staff may result in insufficient expertise and knowhow, 
in unsatisfactory quality levels and in the ability to maintain or operate the network or complete infrastructure projects on 
time or meet strategic objectives. 
If such a risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on OGE’s business and cash flows, financial condition 
and results of operations and thus also affect the Issuer. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
Risks relating to the regulatory framework in Germany concerning the unbundling of gas transmission system operators 
and certification as a gas transmission system operator 
OGE operates its business in a highly regulated environment. For example, amendments to the Energy Industry Act 
(Energiewirtschaftsgesetz – “EnWG”) adopted in 2011 and as amended from time to time to implement the third energy 
law package of the European Union (Europäische Union – “EU”) introduced stricter rules on unbundling for TSOs 
belonging to a vertically integrated energy undertaking to achieve an effective separation of transmission system operation 
and energy production and/or supply. Pursuant to the EnWG, the same person or persons are not entitled either directly or 
indirectly to exercise control over an undertaking performing any of the functions of generation or supply of gas or 
electricity and, at the same time, directly or indirectly exercise control or exercise any right over a gas or electricity TSO 
or over a transmission system, and vice versa. 
The less intrusive options for compliance with the amendments to the EnWG, such as, in particular, the independent 
transmission operator (“ITO”) structure, may only be implemented where the transmission system belonged to a vertically

--- Page 12 ---
5 
 
 
 
 
integrated energy undertaking on 3 September 2009. Where the ITO option is available, the TSO remains part of the 
vertically integrated energy undertaking, but has to abide by strict rules to ensure that the generation/supply and 
transmission network operations are conducted strictly independently. The gas TSO needs to be equipped with all physical, 
human, financial and technical resources necessary for fulfilling the gas TSO’s statutory obligations. 
Only TSOs complying with the necessary legal requirements shall be certified and designated as a TSO by the BNetzA, 
which is required under the EnWG for the operation of the transmission network. Since 2 December 2013, BNetzA granted 
OGE the certification as ITO by a resolution. Thus, OGE has successfully proven that it is organised in accordance with 
the requirements under Sections 10 seqs. EnWG. 
On 2 September 2021, the European Court of Justice ruled that large parts of German energy law are not compliant with 
Directive 2009/72/EC (the “Electricity Directive”) and Directive 2009/73/EC (the “Gas Directive”). Starting in 2018, the 
European Commission initiated infringement proceedings against Germany according to Article 258 of the Treaty on the 
Functioning of the European Union. The European Commission alleged that, as national regulatory authority, the BNetzA 
lacks the required independence and power with respect to setting network tariffs and other terms and conditions for access 
to networks and balancing services. The European Commission argued that many requirements regarding the setting of 
network tariffs are laid down in detailed regulations adopted by the German federal government and, therefore, are not 
independently administered by the BNetzA. Moreover, according to the European Commission, several requirements 
concerning the ITO unbundling model were incorrectly implemented in German national law. 
The ruling is not expected to have direct consequences regarding the certification status of OGE as an ITO. Following the 
court’s findings, however, it is inevitable that large parts of German energy law will have to be restructured. The impact 
on OGE cannot be assessed as of the date of this Base Prospectus, as German lawmaking bodies have not yet issued draft 
legislation indicating the framework for energy law reform. For the time being, it is expected that the current national legal 
framework in Germany remains applicable. This view has also been taken by the German Federal Court in recent decisions. 
If such a risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on OGE’s business and cash flows, financial condition 
and results of operations and thus also affect the Issuer. 
Future Changes to the Regulatory Framework may have a Negative Impact on OGE  
The regulatory framework governing the activities of OGE is subject to extensive European and national legislation. New 
EU directives and regulations, the transposition of such legislation into German law, the amendment of existing EU and 
national legislation and regulations, as well as regulatory authorities’ interpretations thereof could have a negative impact 
on OGE’s business, results of operations and the financial condition. 
Since 1 January 2010, OGE has been subject to the incentive regulation regime and several legislative processes have been 
initiated to amend the Ordinance on Gas Network Tariffs (Gasnetzentgeltverordnung – the “GasNEV”) and the Ordinance 
on Incentive Regulation (Anreizregulierungsverordnung – the “ARegV”). Consequently, the revenues and financial 
condition of OGE are sensitive to related changes to the regulatory framework, as well as decisions and determinations by 
BNetzA. In addition, the regular procedure for the evaluation of the ARegV regime is scheduled for the end of 2022. In 
this context, BNetzA is obliged to provide an evaluation report in December 2023 to the legislator. Besides the update to 
legislation regarding the so called investment measure (“IMA”) and the impact of the European Court of Justice ruling 
described above “—Risks relating to the regulatory framework in Germany concerning the unbundling of gas transmission 
system operators and certification as a gas transmission system operator”, OGE is not aware of any specific initiatives to 
amend the ARegV. Based on past practice, BNetzA analyses potential changes to the regulatory framework on an ongoing 
basis, which could trigger legislative changes. OGE cannot exclude that such changes will come into force during the 
current regulatory period. 
An amendment of the Gas Network Access Ordinance (Gasnetzzugangsverordnung – “GasNZV”) from August 2017 
obliges all German TSOs to cooperate to provide greater liquidity in the gas market. Therefore, the two German market 
areas GASPOOL and NetConnect Germany were merged to the market area Trading Hub Europe (“THE”) on 1 October 
2021. 
In 2017, the network code on capacity allocation mechanisms in gas transmission systems and repealing Regulation (EU) 
No 984/2013 (Commission Regulation (EU) 2017/459 – “NC CAM”) and the network code on harmonised transmission 
tariff structures for gas (Commission Regulation (EU) 2017/460 – the “NC TAR”) entered into force. As regulations under 
EU law, these network codes are directly applicable in EU member states and contain detailed rules on capacity allocation 
and tariff calculation. BNetzA has subsequently published decisions regarding the implementation of the NC TAR into the 
tariff system of German TSOs from 2020 onwards. One such decision introduces the so-called postage-stamp methodology 
as the binding reference price method from 1 January 2020. The crucial principle of the postage-stamp methodology is that 
the same unified network tariff will be charged to the network user irrespective of which network and which entry or exit 
point was used for the gas transmission.

--- Page 13 ---
6 
 
 
 
 
The unified network tariff does no longer reflect the individual TSO’s revenue cap. This makes compensation amongst 
the TSOs necessary to ensure that ultimately each TSO earns its allowed revenue. Therefore, another decision by BNetzA 
introduced an inter-TSO compensation mechanism, requiring the TSOs to establish compensation payments to be 
calculated upfront for the tariff period and paid in 12 equal payments throughout the tariff period. Both of the 
aforementioned decisions have been challenged in courts by several other TSOs and gas trading companies and these cases 
are pending before the Federal High Court with a decision to be made on 31 May 2022. OGE has joined BNetzA in 
defending the regulatory decisions and currently expects the challenges to these decisions to be rejected. In the event the 
plaintiffs succeed, OGE may have to re-pay compensation it has received under the inter-TSO compensation mechanism 
to other TSOs. 
Changes to, or different interpretations of, applicable laws, additional tax assessments, anticorruption laws and antitrust 
laws may have a negative impact on OGE 
Since OGE operates as a highly regulated company it consistently strive to adhere to all laws, regulations and official 
decisions. However, in some circumstances, especially where a law or regulation is subject to different interpretations, the 
Issuer and OGE may inadvertently violate their obligations and may be liable for substantial administrative fines. In 
particular, tax laws and their interpretation by the tax authorities and courts are subject to changes, potentially with 
retroactive effect. Such changes may have a negative impact on the Issuer and OGE. Furthermore, the Issuer’s and OGE’s 
interpretation may not correspond with that of the relevant authorities at the time of potential controls. Tax audits may 
result in a higher taxable income or in a lower amount of carried forward tax losses being available to the Issuer and OGE. 
If such a risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s and/or OGE’s business and cash flows, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Market Risks 
Political risk from the Russia – Ukraine Conflict 
Throughout 2021, the Russian military build-up on the border of Ukraine has escalated tensions between Russia and 
Ukraine and strained bilateral relations. These events have continued in 2022 with Russia commencing a full-scale military 
invasion of Ukraine in February 2022. On 21 February 2022, Russia recognized the independence of two separatist regions 
within Ukraine, and ordered Russian troops into these regions with a purported mission to maintain peace in the area. 
Following the invasion of Ukraine, countries like the United States, the Member States of the European Union, the United 
Kingdom, Switzerland, Canada, Japan, Australia and some other countries have made announcements regarding imposition 
of sanctions and sanctions have been implemented in the meantime. Since the beginning of the military invasion there have 
been ongoing political discussions regarding the degree of sanctions imposed. Several members of the European Parliament 
as well as policy makers of different member states have called for a full embargo on Russian energy sources, including 
gas. The existing, and possible imposition of further sanctions could lead to unpredictable reactions from Russia 
particularly and therefore – directly or indirectly – result in a disruption of gas supplies to the European Union. As a result, 
such disruptions of gas supplies will most likely lead to higher gas prices in Germany and there is a risk that less gas will 
be demanded which would lead to a lower volume of gas to be transported. 
If any sanction risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on OGE’s business, cash flows, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Political and governmental instability and/or international political conflicts could create an uncertain operating 
environment or have a material adverse effect on demand for OGE’s network capacity  
Any future political and governmental instability and/or international political conflicts (including the imposition of 
international sanctions) involving gas producing or transporting countries could result in changes to such countries’ gas 
export policies and potential restrictions on the export of gas therefrom. In 2009, for example, gas disputes between a 
Ukrainian oil and gas company and a Russian gas supplier regarding natural gas supplies, prices and debts resulted in 
supply disruptions in many European countries. A significant reduction in gas exports by the gas producing countries could 
have a material adverse effect on demand for OGE’s network capacity. In addition, the entry of Russian armed forces into 
Ukraine in February 2022 has created heightened uncertainty regarding the continued supply and price of gas produced in 
or transported from those countries. 
The continuation or escalation of hostilities between Russia, Ukraine and their respective allies could have a negative 
impact on OGE’s business. In addition, other political and governmental instability in the gas producing countries would 
create an uncertain operating environment for OGE with a potentially negative impact on its long-term business operations, 
results and financial position.

--- Page 14 ---
7 
 
 
 
 
A Reduction in Gas Consumption may have a Negative Impact on OGE 
An economic slowdown or a shift from gas to other sources of energy such as renewables may lead to a decline in demand 
for gas and gas transmission. A slowing economy would mean that industries face lower demand and would therefore 
lower their production, resulting in a reduced need for gas and gas transport as an input in their production process. As 
OGE’s network tariffs in any given year are based on a revenue cap and a forecast of marketed gas transportation capacities, 
should actual marketed transportation capacities be lower than forecast, OGE’s revenues would be negatively impacted in 
that year as the variance will only be recovered in future years according to the regulatory account mechanism. Provided 
the revenue cap will not be modified, lower demand for transportation capacities may lead to an increase of transport tariffs. 
As a consequence, transport customers affected by such an increase in transport tariffs would have an extraordinary 
termination right, which could have at least a temporary adverse effect on OGE’s reimbursement of actual transport 
revenues. 
If such a risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on OGE’s business and cash flows, financial condition 
and results of operations and thus also affect the Issuer. 
Dependence on Key Customers  
A small number of key customers are responsible for a significant part of OGE’s revenues. In 2021, OGE’s top 5 customers 
were responsible for approximately 32 per cent. of OGE’s transport revenues. As a regulated entity, OGE’s revenues are 
primarily determined by its cost base, regulated asset value and efficiency factor determined by BNetzA. However, changes 
to the booking behaviour of one or more of OGE’s key customers away from long-term bulk capacity bookings to 
short-term bookings through auctions, the termination of transport capacity bookings by one or more of such customers or 
the insolvency of one or more of such customers would have at least a temporary adverse effect on OGE’s transport 
revenues, which could in turn affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
If such a risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on OGE’s business and cash flows, financial condition 
and results of operations and thus also affect the Issuer. 
Financial Risks 
Risks related to maintenance and expansion investments of the network 
As a TSO, OGE is obliged to maintain and develop its network in order to continuously ensure the capability of the network 
to satisfy demand for the transmission of gas, and, in particular, to contribute to supply security by having appropriate 
transmission capacity. The over 400 customers of OGE expect to have access to a reliable level of capacity to dispatch gas 
at all times. Any inability of OGE to make the necessary investments to maintain sufficient capacity on the network may 
lead to financial penalties being payable by OGE due to, inter alia, damage claims by customers. In order to meet these 
obligations, OGE expects that network expansion will require substantial capital expenditure in the next few years (see 
“(Re-)financing risks” below). One of the main risks related to such large infrastructure projects is the long and often 
laborious procedures to obtain the necessary licenses and permits. This could lead to delays of such projects. Another 
substantial risk related to capital expenditure is that prices of procured goods and services may increase, as these depend to 
some extent on external factors, such as overall market supply and demand or geopolitical tensions. Furthermore, despite 
regular maintenance, premature ageing of assets or changing local conditions (such as erosion, landslides etc.) may require 
unplanned investments. 
If such a risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on OGE’s business and cash flows, financial condition 
and results of operations and thus also affect the Issuer. 
(Re-)Financing Risks  
The transaction by which the Issuer acquired OGE and its subsidiaries included substantial financial leverage to finance the 
transaction. In addition, due to OGE’s ongoing and future investment programmes pursuant to the network development 
plans (“NDP”), that obliges OGE to invest in its network, an increase in OGE’s indebtedness is likely (see above “Risks 
related to maintenance and expansion investments of the network”). Moreover, in the event that the pipeline companies in 
which OGE has participations are unable to refinance the external facilities required to fund their investment projects in a 
timely manner or at reasonable costs, OGE may be required to provide such pipeline companies with bridging loans jointly 
with its co-shareholders or on a stand-alone basis. OGE is also a partner of THE which, pursuant to the EnWG, is legally 
obliged to procure balancing energy for Trading Hub Europe Market Area. THE is the joint manager of the German Market 
Area. In this role THE procures and sells balancing energy. Therefore, THE may, under certain circumstances, face 
customer insolvencies, resulting in non-fulfilment of payment claims, or fail to generate sufficient revenues with its 
customers necessary to procure the required balancing energy. If, in that case, THE was not able to obtain bank loans to 
cover its financial requirements, its partners, including OGE, have agreed and are contractually obliged to provide financial 
support to THE. Volatility in and temporary closing of the capital markets or a reduction in the credit ratings assigned to 
the Issuer may hinder the Issuer and/or OGE in securing timely financing of major projects, refinancing existing debt at

--- Page 15 ---
8 
 
 
 
 
reasonable costs or providing funding to the pipeline companies and/or THE. 
If such a risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on OGE’s business and cash flows, financial condition 
and results of operations and thus also affect the Issuer. 
OGE may not have Adequate Insurance Coverage  
Basically, OGE has put in place insurance contracts necessary to operate its business in line with current industry standards. 
However, OGE cannot provide an assurance that such insurance will prove to be sufficient. Adequate insurance may not be 
available for certain risks, whether due to accidents, natural disasters, terrorism, sabotage, crime, or other causes, such as 
damage to the network or third-party claims for losses, damages or disruptions in excess of insurance coverage. 
If such a risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on OGE’s business and cash flows, financial condition 
and results of operations and thus also affect the Issuer. 
Legal Proceedings may result in Increased Financial Liabilities for OGE 
In the ordinary course of business, various legal claims and proceedings are pending or threatened against the Issuer, OGE 
or any of its subsidiaries and participations. The amounts claimed may be substantial and OGE is unable to predict with 
certainty the ultimate outcome of such claims and proceedings.  
If such a risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on OGE’s business and cash flows, financial condition 
and results of operations and thus also affect the Issuer. 
II. RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE NOTES 
Risk Factors Related to the Nature of the Notes 
Market Price Risk 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market interest rate levels, 
the policies of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the lack of or excess demand for the relevant 
type of Note. The holders of Notes (the “Holder”) are therefore exposed to the risk of an unfavorable development of 
market prices of their Notes which materialise if the Holders sell the Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If 
Holders of Notes decide to hold the Notes until final maturity, the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Holders of fixed rate notes (the “Fixed Rate Notes”) are particularly exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls 
as a result of changes in the market interest rate levels. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital market typically 
changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of Fixed Rate Notes also changes, but in the opposite 
direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is 
approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If the market interest rate falls, the price of Fixed 
Rate Notes typically increases, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable 
issues. If Holders of Fixed Rate Notes hold such Notes until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without 
relevance to such Holders as the Notes will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount 
of such Notes. 
Holders of floating rate notes (the “Floating Rate Notes”) are particularly exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate 
levels and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the profitability of 
Floating Rate Notes in advance. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as 
an indication of the future development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
Holders of zero coupon notes (the “Zero Coupon Notes”) are particularly exposed to the risk of facing no yield or a 
negative yield, where an investor purchases Zero Coupon Notes at an issue price (including any fees or transaction costs 
in connection with such purchase) higher than or equal to the sum of the redemption amount of the Notes on the maturity 
date. Potential fluctuations in the market price may not be compensated through other income. 
Zero Coupon Notes do not pay current interest but are issued at a discount from their nominal value (discounted Zero 
Coupon Notes) or at their nominal value (compounded Zero Coupon Notes) or at an issue price above their nominal value. 
In case of discounted and compounded Zero Coupon Notes, the difference between the redemption price and the issue price 
constitutes interest income until maturity and reflects the current interest rate on the capital market (the “Market Interest 
Rate”). In case of Zero Coupon Notes which are issued at an issue price above their nominal value but redeemed at par, 
no interest income is generated. A Holder of a Zero Coupon Note is exposed to the risk that the price of such Note falls as 
a result of changes in the Market Interest Rate. Prices of Zero Coupon Notes are more volatile than prices of Fixed Rate

--- Page 16 ---
9 
 
 
 
 
Notes and are likely to respond to a greater degree to Market Interest Rate changes than interest bearing Notes with a 
similar maturity.  
Liquidity Risk 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Programme to be admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. In addition, the Programme provides that Notes may be listed on other or further stock exchanges or may 
not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the Notes are listed or not, there can be no assurance regarding the future 
development of a market for the Notes or the ability of Holders to sell their Notes or the price at which Holders may be 
able to sell their Notes. If such a market were to develop, the Notes could trade at prices that may be higher or lower than 
the initial offering price depending on many factors, including prevailing interest rates, the Issuer’s operating results, the 
market for similar securities and other factors, including general economic conditions, performance and prospects, as well 
as recommendations of securities analysts. The liquidity of, and the trading market for, the Notes may also be adversely 
affected by declines in the market for debt securities generally. Such a decline may affect any liquidity and trading of the 
Notes independent of the Issuer’s financial performance and prospects. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing 
information for such Notes may, however, be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. 
In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market prices. 
Risks Related to Credit Ratings 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed herein and other factors that 
may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to revision, suspension or withdrawal by the rating agency at any time. No assurance can be given that a credit rating will 
remain constant for any given period of time or that a credit rating will not be reduced or withdrawn entirely by the credit 
rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. Rating agencies may also change their methodologies for rating 
securities in the future. Any suspension, reduction or withdrawal of the credit rating assigned to the relevant Notes by one 
or more of the credit rating could adversely affect the value and trading of such Notes. 
Risks Related to specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Risk of Early Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate if the Issuer has the right to call the Notes prior to maturity (optional call right) 
or for reason of minimal outstanding amount. If the applicable Final Terms indicate that payments on Notes are linked to 
a benchmark, the Issuer may also have the right to redeem the Notes in case of a discontinuation of such benchmark. In 
addition, the Issuer will always have the right to redeem the Notes if the Issuer is required to pay additional amounts 
(gross-up payments) on the Notes for reasons of taxation as set out in the Terms and Conditions. If the Issuer redeems the 
Notes prior to maturity, the Holders of such Notes are exposed to the risk that due to such early redemption their investment 
will have a lower than expected yield. The Issuer can be expected to exercise its call right if the yield on comparable Notes 
in the capital market has fallen which means that the investor may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in 
comparable Notes with a lower yield. On the other hand, the Issuer can be expected not to exercise his call right if the yield 
on comparable Notes in the capital market has increased. In this event an investor will not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in comparable Notes with a higher yield. It should be noted, however, that the Issuer may exercise any call right 
irrespective of market interest rates on a call date. 
Risks Associated with the Reform of EURIBOR and Other Interest Rate ‘Benchmarks’ 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are 
deemed “benchmarks” (each a “Benchmark” and together, the “Benchmarks”) have become the subject of regulatory 
scrutiny and recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a Benchmark. 
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include the Benchmarks Regulation. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on Notes linked to a Benchmark, including in any of the 
following circumstances: 
(a) 
a rate or index which is a Benchmark may only be used if its administrator obtains authorisation or is registered 
and in case of an administrator which is based in a non-EU jurisdiction, if the administrator’s legal benchmark 
system is considered equivalent (Article 30 Benchmarks Regulation), the administrator is recognised (Article 32

--- Page 17 ---
10 
 
 
 
 
Benchmarks Regulation) or the Benchmark is endorsed (Article 33 Benchmarks Regulation) (subject to applicable 
transitional provisions). If this is not the case, Notes linked to such Benchmarks could be impacted; and 
(b) 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark could be changed in order to comply with the terms of the 
Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could impact the Notes, including Calculation Agent 
determination of the rate. 
In addition to the aforementioned Benchmarks Regulation, there are numerous other proposals, initiatives and 
investigations which may impact Benchmarks.  
Following the implementation of any such potential reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks may change, 
with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or Benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, or there 
could be other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
If a Benchmark were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest for Floating Rate Notes which are 
linked to such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes, 
which in the end could lead, inter alia, to a previously available rate of the Benchmark being applied until maturity of the 
Floating Rate Notes, effectively turning the floating rate of interest into a fixed rate of interest, or, to determination of the 
applicable interest rate on the basis of another benchmark determined by the Issuer in its discretion or to an early termination 
of the relevant Notes at the option of the Issuer. 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives, could have a material adverse 
effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Although it is uncertain whether or to 
what extent any of the above-mentioned changes and/or any further changes in the administration or method of determining 
a Benchmark could have an effect on the value of any Notes linked to the relevant Benchmark, investors should be aware 
that any changes to a relevant Benchmark may have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amounts 
payable on, Floating Rate Notes whose rate of interest is linked to such Benchmark. 
Under the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, the European Commission has also been granted powers to designate a 
replacement for certain critical benchmarks contained in contracts governed by the laws of an EU Member State, where 
that contract does not already contain a suitable fallback. It is currently unclear whether the fallback provisions of the Notes 
pursuant to §3 of the Terms and Conditions of Option II would be considered suitable, and there is therefore a risk that if 
the consent to solicitation (pursuant to §11 of the Terms and Conditions, if applicable) is not successful the Notes would 
be required to transition to a replacement benchmark rate selected by the European Commission. There is no certainty at 
this stage what any such replacement benchmark would be. 
Currency Risk 
Holders of Notes denominated in a foreign currency (i.e. a currency other than euro) are particularly exposed to the risk of 
changes in currency exchange rates which may affect the yield of such Notes. Changes in currency exchange rates result 
from various factors, such as macro-economic factors, speculative transactions and interventions by central banks and 
governments. 
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the euro, for example, will result in a corresponding change in the 
euro value of Notes denominated in a currency other than euro and a corresponding change in the euro value of interest 
and principal payments made in a currency other than euro in accordance with the terms of such Notes. If the underlying 
exchange rate falls and the value of the euro rises correspondingly, the price of the Notes and the value of interest and 
principal payments made thereunder expressed in euro falls. 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected.

--- Page 18 ---
11 
 
 
 
 
Risks Related to the German Act on Debt Securities of 2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) 
Since the Terms and Conditions of Notes issued under the Programme provide for meetings of Holders of a series of Notes 
or the taking of votes without a meeting, the Terms and Conditions of such Notes may be amended (as proposed or agreed 
by the Issuer) by majority resolution of the Holders of such Notes and any such majority resolution will be binding on all 
Holders. Any Holder is therefore subject to the risk that its rights against the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions of the 
relevant series of Notes are amended, reduced or even cancelled by a majority resolution of the Holders. Any such majority 
resolution will even be binding on Holders who have declared their claims arising from the Notes due and payable based 
on the occurrence of an event of default but who have not received payment from the Issuer prior to the amendment taking 
effect. According to the German Act on Debt Securities of 2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – “SchVG”), the relevant 
majority for Holders’ resolutions is generally based on votes cast, rather than on the aggregate principal amount of the 
relevant Notes outstanding. Therefore, any such resolution may effectively be passed with the consent of less than a 
majority of the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Notes outstanding. 
Under the SchVG, an initial common representative (gemeinsamer Vertreter) of the Holders (the “Holders’ 
Representative”) may be appointed in the terms and conditions of an issue. 
However, no initial Holders’ Representative might be appointed in the Terms and Conditions at the issue date. Any 
appointment of a Holders’ Representative at a later stage will, therefore, require a majority resolution of the Holders of the 
Notes. If the appointment of a Holders’ Representative is delayed, this will make it more difficult for Holders to take 
collective action to enforce their rights under the Notes. 
If a Holders’ Representative will be appointed by majority decision of the Holders it is possible that Holders may be 
deprived of their individual right to pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms and Conditions against the Issuer, if such 
right was passed to the Holders’ Representative by majority vote who is then exclusively responsible to claim and enforce 
the rights of all the Holders. 
Early Redemption in Case of Certain Events of Default Subject to a 25 per cent. Quorum 
The Terms and Conditions provide that, in case of certain events of default, any notice declaring the Notes due and payable 
shall become effective only when the Fiscal Agent has received such default notices from Holders representing at least 
25 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Series of Notes then outstanding. Holders should be aware that, as a 
result, they may not be able to accelerate their Notes upon the occurrence of certain events of default, unless the required 
quorum of Holders with respect to the Series of Notes delivers default notices.

--- Page 19 ---
12 
 
 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer with its registered office in Essen, Federal Republic of Germany is solely responsible for the information given 
in this Base Prospectus and for the information which will be contained in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer hereby declares that to the best of its knowledge the information contained in the Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and that this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
By approving this Base Prospectus, CSSF assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of the 
transaction and the quality or solvency of the Issuer pursuant to Article 6 (4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. 
No other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, other than the Issuer, is responsible for the information given in this 
Base Prospectus, and any supplement thereto.

--- Page 20 ---
13 
 
 
 
 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Description of the Issuer  
The Issuer is a limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung – GmbH) under German law. It is 
registered under the name “Vier Gas Transport GmbH” with the local court (Amtsgericht) of Essen under registration 
number HRB 24299. The Issuer has been established for an indefinite term. 
The Issuer’s business address is Kallenbergstraße 5, 45141 Essen, Germany. The telephone number of the Issuer is +49 
20138458 740. 
The Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer is 529900AGED6PJE9AVL37. 
The Issuer’s website is https://viergas.de/en 
None of the information on the Issuer's website forms part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
History 
The Issuer operates under the laws of Germany and was incorporated as a limited liability company on 10 January 2012. 
The Issuer acquired OGE from E.ON Ruhrgas AG on 23 July 2012. 
Statutory Auditors 
The Issuer’s independent auditor is PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Huyssenallee 58, 
45128 Essen, Germany (“PwC”) and was appointed as the statutory auditor of the Issuer for the fiscal years ended 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively. PwC audited the consolidated financial statements for the Issuer 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (“IFRS”) as 
of and for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2021 and as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 and issued in each 
case an unqualified auditor’s report (uneingeschränkter Bestätigungsvermerk des unabhängigen Abschlussprüfers). PwC 
is a member of the German Chamber of Public Accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer), with its registered office in Berlin, 
Germany. 
Business 
The Issuer is a holding company and, as such, its principal asset is its investment in OGE. See “Business Description of 
OGE” for a description of OGE. 
Furthermore, the Issuer holds, via its wholly owned subsidiary Vier Gas Participations GmbH: 
(a) 
a 100 per cent. interest in e-loops GmbH. The purpose of e-loops GmbH is to develop services for customers in 
the energy business; and 
(b) 
a 23.05 per cent. interest in Route4Gas B.V. The purpose of Route4Gas B.V. is to provide services to gas traders, 
shippers, network users and operators. 
Both companies are still in the startup phase and of minor economic relevance to the Group. 
Group Structure 
The Issuer is a holding company. The Issuer entered into a profit and loss transfer agreement (Ergebnisabführungsvertrag) 
with its parent company Vier Gas Services GmbH & Co. KG (“VGS”), which was registered with the local court 
(Amtsgericht) of Essen on 18 November 2013. This agreement together with the rules of procedures (Geschäftsordnung) 
of VGS ensure that VGS will not and cannot abuse its domination. 
The legal structure of the Group as of the date of this Base Prospectus is shown below:

--- Page 21 ---
Vier Gas Holdings S.à r.l.  
(Luxembourg) 
(R.C.S. Luxembourg) B 168600 
Vier Gas Services 
Management GmbH 
(Germany) 
Essen HRB 24298 
Vier Gas Services GmbH & Co. KG 
(Germany) Essen HRA 9920 
Vier Gas Transport GmbH (Germany) Essen HRB 24299 
e-loops GmbH 
(Germany) Essen 
HRB 28610 
Nordrheinische 
Erdgastransportleitungsges ell
schaft  
mbH & Co. KG 
(Germany) 
Dortmund HRA17834 
Trans Europa Naturgas 
Pipeline 
Gesellschaft mbH & Co. KG 
(Germany) 
Essen HRA 8548 
NETRA GmbH Nord- 
deutsche Erdgas 
Transversale & Co. KG 
(Germany) 
Oldenburg HRA150471 
MEGAL 
Mittel-Europäische- 
Gasleitungsgesells chaft 
mbH & Co. KG 
(Germany) 
Essen HRA8536 
DEUDAN-Deutsch/Dänisc he 
Erdgastransport-Gesells chaft 
mbH & Co. KG 
(Germany) 
Flensburg HRA 3848 FL 
Zeelink GmbH & Co. KG 
(Germany) 
Essen HRA 10610 
Nordrheinische 
Erdgastransportleitungs-
Verwaltungs-GmbH 
(Germany) 
Dortmund HRB26278 
Trans Europa Naturgas 
Pipeline Verwaltungs-
GmbH  
(Germany) 
Essen HRB18708 
NETRA GmbH-  
Norddeutsche Erdgas 
Transversale 
(Germany) 
Oldenburg HRB 
150783 
MEGAL 
Verwaltungs-GmbH 
(Germany) 
Essen HRB18697 
DEUDAN-Deutsch/ 
Dänische 
Erdgastransport-
Gesellschaft mbH 
(Germany) 
Flensburg HRB 3531 
PLEdoc GmbH 
(Germany) 
Essen HRB 9864 
Open Grid 
Regional GmbH 
(Germany) 
Essen HRB 19964 
Mittelrheinische 
Erdgastransport- 
leitungsgesellsc haft 
mbh (Germany) 
Essen HRB 24567 
NEL 
Beteiligungs 
GmbH 
(Germany) 
Essen HRB23527 
Line WORX 
GmbH 
(Germany) 
Essen HRB23536 
GasLINE Telekommuni- 
kationsnetz-
Geschäftsführungsgesell- 
schaft deutscher 
Gasversorgungsunter- 
nehmen mbh 
(Germany) Kleve  
HRB 4812
GasLINE Telekommunikations-
netzgesellschaft deutscher 
Gasversorgungsunter nehmen 
mbh & Co. KG 
(Germany) 
Kleve HRA 1805 
evety GmbH 
(Germany) Essen 
HRB 31097 
LIWACOM 
Informationstechnik 
GmbH 
(Germany) 
Essen HRB 7829 
Zeelink- 
Verwaltungs-GmbH 
(Germany) 
Essen HRB 27607 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
29.24% 
29.24% 
LP 
75% 
75% 
LP 
24.99% 
24.99%* 
   LP 
50% 
50% 
LP 
50% 
51% 
LP 
50% 
55.94% 
LP 
51% 
51% 
LP 
100% 
100% 
LP 
100% 
100% 
100% 
Key: 
LP 
= Pipeline company 
= General Partner 
= Limited Partner 
= Not a company with limited liability 
Please note the places listed in the chart refer to the place of the local court or 
the register where the relevant company is registered 
*based 
on 
actually 
effected 
contributions; 
nominal 
amount 
of 
limited 
partnership interest held in DEUDAN KG: EUR 11,254,809.98 
(i.e. 66.66% of the entir e 
nominal 
limited 
partnership 
capital 
registered 
with 
the 
commer c ial 
register) 
Open Grid Europe GmbH (Germany) Essen HRB 17487 
Vier Gas Participations GmbH (Germany) Essen HRB 30907 
100% 
Route4Gas B.V. 
(Netherlands) 
Amsterdam  
CCI 71994408 
23,05% 
PRISMA European 
Capacity Platform 
GmbH (Germany) 
Leipzig  
HRB 21361 
H2UB GmbH 
(Germany) Essen  
HRB 32216 
Trading Hub Europe 
GmbH  
(Germany) Ratingen 
HRB 93885 
9.09%
40%
40%
33.33%
1.33%
Group structure chart 
(21 April 2022) 
100%

--- Page 22 ---
15 
 
 
 
 
Trend Information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2021. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since 31 December 2021 to the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Management Bodies 
The Issuer is controlled and supervised by its sole shareholder and a Board of Management. 
The Board of Management determines and updates the Group’s business objectives, fundamental strategic orientation, 
corporate policies and organizational structure and represents the Issuer in transactions with third parties. 
Members of the Board of Management 
Name 
Position 
Position outside the Issuer 
Business Address 
Hilko 
Schomerus 
Managing 
Director 
Bayer Beteiligungen GmbH (Managing Director), 
Currenta Geschäftsführungs-GmbH (Supervisory 
Board Member), Energie Steiermark (Supervisory 
Board Member), GLL Holding AG (Member), 
GLL 
Real 
Estate 
Partners 
Kapitalverwaltungsgesellschaft 
GmbH 
(Member), Globe Beteiligungs GmbH (Managing 
Director), MEIF II Saubere Energie GP GmbH 
(Director), MEIF II Saubere Energie Holdings S.à 
r.l. (Manager B), MSCIF Vesuv Holdings S.à.r.l. 
(Manager), 
Open 
Grid 
Europe 
GmbH 
(Supervisory 
Board 
Member), 
Siebte 
Verwaltungs GmbH (Managing Director), SEU 
Holdings S.à r.l. (Manager), Thyssengas GmbH 
(Supervisory Board 
Member), 
Thyssengas 
Holding GmbH (Managing Director), Vesuv 
Beteiligungs GmbH (Director), Vesuv Holdings 
GmbH (Director), Vier Gas Services Management 
GmbH (Director), Vier Gas Transport GmbH 
(Director), Vier Gas Ventures S.à r.l. (Manager), 
Warnowquerung GmbH & Co.KG (Director). 
Macquarie Infrastructure and 
Real Assets (Europe) Limited, 
Niederlassung Deutschland, 
Bockenheimer Landstrasse 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Lincoln Hillier 
Webb 
Managing 
Director 
British Columbia Investment Management Corp. 
(Executive Vice President & Global Head, 
Infrastructure & Renewable Resources), Vier Gas 
Services Management GmbH (Director), Corix 
Infrastructure Inc. (Chair), Open Grid Europe 
GmbH (Chairman of the Supervisory Board), 
TimberWest Forestry Corporation (Director), 
Island Timberlands GP Ltd., Mosaic Forest 
Management 
Corp., 
Endeavour 
Energy 
(Director), Viterra Limited (Director)Czech Grid 
Holding, a.s. (Director). 
British Columbia Investment 
Management Corporation 
750 Pandora Ave 
Victoria BC, V8W 0E4 
Canada 
Timothy Keeling 
Managing 
Director 
British Columbia Investment Management, Corp. 
(Senior 
Principal), 
Vier 
Gas 
Services 
Management GmbH (Managing Director). 
British Columbia Investment 
Management Corporation 
750 Pandora Ave 
Victoria BC, V8W 0E4 
Canada 
Guy Lambert 
Managing 
Director 
ADIA 
(Head 
of 
Utilities, 
Infrastructure 
Department), Vier Gas Services Management 
GmbH (Managing Director), Kemble Water 
Eurobond PLC (Director), Kemble Water Finance 
Limited (Director), Kemble Water Holdings 
Limited (Director), Blue Bolt A 2015 Limited 
Abu Dhabi Investment 
Authority 
211 Corniche Street 
PO Box 3600

--- Page 23 ---
16 
 
 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Position outside the Issuer 
Business Address 
(Director), Blue Globe A 2013 Limited (Director), 
Blue Spyder B 2016 Ltd (Director), Blue Whale A 
2015 Limited (Director), Green Rock B 2014 
Limited (Director), Infinity Investments S.A. 
(Director), ADGM, Platinum Compass B 2018 
RSC Limited (Director), Platinum Hawk C 2019 
RSC Limited (Director), Tawreed Investments 
Limited (Director), Platinum Refidex B GP 2020 
RCS Limited (Director). 
Abu Dhabi 
United Arab Emirates 
Alexander Bögle 
Managing 
Director 
MR Infrastructure Investment GmbH (General 
representative), MR Beteiligungen 1. GmbH 
(General representative), ERGO Infrastructure 
Investment 
Komposit 
GmbH 
(General 
representative), ERGO Infrastructure Investment 
Gesundheit GmbH 
(General representative), 
ERGO 
Private 
Capital 
GmbH 
(General 
representative), ERGO Private Capital ERGO 
Leben GmbH (General representative), ERGO 
Private Capital Pensionskasse GmbH (General 
representative), ERGO Private Capital Victoria 
Leben GmbH (General representative), ERGO 
Private Capital Gesundheit GmbH (General 
representative), MR Beteiligungen 2. GmbH 
(General representative), Windpark MR-N GmbH 
(General representative), Vier Gas Investments 
S.a r.l. (Manager), Marchwood Power Limited 
(Director, Board member), Open Grid Europe 
GmbH (Supervisory Board Member), Vier Gas 
Services 
Management 
GmbH 
(Managing 
Director) Vier Gas Transport GmbH (Managing 
Director), S.a r.l. (Manager). 
MEAG MUNICH 
ERGO Asset Management 
GmbH 
Am Münchner Tor 1 
80805 Munich 
Germany 
Laurent Fortino 
Managing 
Director 
Deeside Investments, Inc. (Director), Nethergate 
Holdings LLC (Vice President), Tannadice 
Investments LLC (Manager), Fenix Power Peru 
SA (Alternate director), Chicago Parking Meters 
LLC (Director), Vier Gas Services Management 
GmbH 
(Managing Director), Inversora de 
Infraestructuras, S.L. (director), Vías Chile S.A. 
(Alternate director). 
Abu Dhabi Investment 
Authority 
211 Corniche Street 
PO Box 3600 
Abu Dhabi 
United Arab Emirates 
Cord 
von 
Lewinski 
Managing 
Director 
Alpine 
Air 
GmbH 
(Director), 
Currenta 
Geschäftsführungs GmbH (Supervisory Board 
Member) Fiberhost S.A (Supervisory Board 
Member), INEA sp z.o.o. (Supervisory Board 
Member), LMIF Storage Holdings Ltd (Director), 
Macquarie European Rail GmbH (Director), 
Macquarie Global Infrastructure Funds 2 LV S.a 
r.l. (Manager), Macquarie Storage Holdings 
Limited (Director), Macquarie Storage Holdings 
Limited (Director), MEIF 5 Odin Holdings S.a r.l. 
(Manager), MEIF II Finance Holdings S.a r.l. 
(Manager), MGIF2 Communications S.a r.l. 
(Manager), MGREF 2 Nordic Wind Holdings AB 
(Director), MIF Holdings GmbH (Director), 
MSCIF Dynami Bidco Single Member S.A. 
(Director), Ocean Breeze GmbH (Director), Odin 
Holdings S.a r.l. (Manager), Odin Ventures sp. 
z.o.o. (Director), Tanquid Administration Limited 
(Director), 
Thyssengas 
Holding 
GmbH 
Macquarie Infrastructure and 
Real Assets (Europe) Limited 
Niederlassung Deutschland 
Bockenheimer Landstr. 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 24 ---
17 
 
 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Position outside the Issuer 
Business Address 
(Managing Director), Vesuv Beteiligungs GmbH 
(Director), Vesuv Holdings GmbH (Director), 
Vier 
Gas 
Services 
Management 
GmbH 
(Managing Director), Vier Gas Transport GmbH 
(Director). 
Christine 
Wilinski 
Managing 
Director 
Route4Gas B.V. (Chairwoman of the supervisory 
board), 
Vier 
Gas 
Participations 
GmbH 
(Management Board). 
c /o 
Open Grid Europe GmbH 
Kallenbergstraße 5 
45141 Essen 
Germany 
Conflicts of Interest 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no member of the Board of Management has any conflicts of interest or potential 
conflicts of interests between any duties to the Issuer and their private interests and other duties. 
Major Shareholders 
The Issuer is wholly owned by VGS represented by its general partner Vier Gas Services Management GmbH (“VGSM”). 
Both VGS and VGSM are wholly owned by Vier Gas Holdings S.à r.l, Luxembourg (“VGH Luxembourg”). 
VGS 
VGS is a limited partnership (Kommanditgesellschaft) established under the laws of Germany. The sole limited partnership 
interest of which was acquired by VGH Luxembourg in order to hold the shares in the Issuer. Its primary assets are the 
shares held in the Issuer. 
VGSM 
VGSM is a limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung – GmbH) established under the laws of 
Germany. VGSM was acquired by VGH Luxembourg to operate as the general partner of VGS. VGSM has no material 
assets. 
VGH Luxembourg 
VGH Luxembourg is a Luxembourg private limited liability company, which operates as a holding company. Its main 
assets are the interest in VGS and shares in VGSM. It has three shareholders: (i) Vier Gas Investments S.à r.l. 
(42.86 per cent.), a Luxembourg private limited liability company, which operates as a holding company – held by Vier 
Gas Ventures S.à r.l. (56.3 per cent.) and two German incorporated limited liability companies (together, 43.7 per cent.), 
which are managed on behalf of Munich RE; Vier Gas Ventures S.à r.l. is held by MEIF 4 Luxembourg C Holdings S.à r.l. 
(97.7 per cent.) and Halifax Regional Municipality Master Trust (2.3 per cent.) – and whose only assets are the shares in 
VGH Luxembourg; (ii) Infinity Investments S.A. (24.99 per cent.), a Luxembourg incorporated société anonyme; and 
(iii) bcIMC Investments S.à r.l. (32.15 per cent.), a Luxembourg private limited liability company.

--- Page 25 ---
18 
 
 
 
 
Financial Information 
The Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021, including the 
independent auditor’s Report thereto (are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section 
“Incorporated by Reference” below. 
The Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020, including the 
independent auditor’s report thereto, are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section 
“Incorporated by Reference” below. 
Key financial figures of the Group  
 
For the year 
ended 
31 December 2021 
For the year 
ended 
31 December 2020 
 
(audited, unless 
otherwise noted)  
(audited, unless 
otherwise noted)  
In EUR million 
Revenues Transport business 
962.4 
1,012.6 
Revenues Other Services business 
128.8 
138.5 
Total Revenues 
1,091.2 
1,151.1 
EBITDA1,2 
521.1 
565.9 
CAPEX 1,3 
315.2 
446.7 
1 
Unaudited. 
2 
EBITDA is a financial measure presented in this Base Prospectus which is not a recognised financial measure under 
IFRS (the “Alternative Performance Measures”) and may therefore not be considered as an alternative to the financial 
measures defined in the accounting standards in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (the “GAAP 
Financial Measures”). The Issuer has provided this Alternative Performance Measures and other information in this 
Base Prospectus because it believes it provides investors with additional information to assess the economic situation 
of the Group’s business activities. The definition of the Alternative Performance Measures may vary from the definition 
of identically named Alternative Performance Measures used by other companies. The Alternative Performance 
Measures used by the Issuer should not be considered as an alternative to net income/loss after income taxes, revenues 
or any other measures derived in accordance with IFRS as measures of operating performance. 
This Alternative Performance Measure has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation or 
as a substitute for analysis of results as reported under IFRS. 
EBITDA is determined as earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization – but including income from 
equity investments and income from companies accounted for using the equity method – and is reconcilable to the 
consolidated income statement. The Issuer presents EBITDA as an additional indicator to assess its operating 
performance. 
3 
CAPEX is a financial measure presented in this Base Prospectus which is not a recognised financial measure under 
IFRS (the “Alternative Performance Measures”) and may therefore not be considered as an alternative to the financial 
measures defined in the accounting standards in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (the “GAAP 
Financial Measures”). The Issuer has provided this Alternative Performance Measures and other information in this 
Base Prospectus because it believes it provides investors with additional information to assess the economic situation 
of the Group’s business activities. The definition of the Alternative Performance Measures may vary from the definition 
of identically named Alternative Performance Measures used by other companies. The Alternative Performance 
Measures used by the Issuer should not be considered as an alternative to net income/loss after income taxes, revenues 
or any other measures derived in accordance with IFRS as measures of operating performance. 
This Alternative Performance Measure has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation or 
as a substitute for analysis of results as reported under IFRS. 
CAPEX is determined as total additions to intangible assets as well as property, plant and equipment and financial 
assets less additions for CO2 emission rights and additions to leases.

--- Page 26 ---
19 
 
 
 
 
Reconciliation of EBITDA 
 
For the year 
ended 
31 December 2021 
For the year 
ended  
31 December 2020 
 
(audited, unless 
otherwise noted)  
(audited, unless 
otherwise noted)  
In EUR million 
Income before financial result and taxes 
297.7 
378.6 
+ Income from equity investments 
6.3 
1.8 
+ Income from companies accounted for using the equity method 
2.5 
0.3 
+ Depreciation and amortisation 
214.6 
185.2 
Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA)1 
521.1 
565.9 
1 Unaudited. 
 
Reconciliation of CAPEX 
 
For the year 
ended 
31 December 2021 
For the year 
ended  
31 December 2020 
 
(audited, unless 
otherwise noted)  
(audited, unless 
otherwise noted)  
In EUR million 
Additions to intangible assets 
31.8 
17.6 
+ Additions to property, plant and equipment 
273.2 
411.1 
+ Additions to financial assets 1 
22.0 
24.0 
– Additions to CO2 emission rights 1 
7.1 
2.1 
– Additions to leases 
4.8 
3.9 
Capital expenditure (CAPEX) 1 
315.2 
446.7 
1 Unaudited, aggregated figures may contain rounding differences 
 
 
Rating 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("Standard & Poor's")1, 2 has assigned the long-term credit rating A- (outlook: 
negative) to the Issuer. 
An obligor rated "A" by Standard & Poor's is considered to have strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is 
somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in 
higher-rated categories. The modifier (-) shows the relative standing within the rating category "A". 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
There are no and there have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), for the previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the 
recent past significant effects on the Issuer’s financial position or profitability. 
Significant Changes 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group since 31 December 2021. 
                                              
1 
Standard & Poor's is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). 
2 
The European Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its website (www.esma.europa.eu) a list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five working days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 
CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following 
such update.

--- Page 27 ---
20 
 
 
 
 
Material Contracts  
Profit and Loss Transfer Agreement with VGS 
The Issuer is a holding company. The Issuer entered into a profit and loss transfer agreement (Ergebnisabführungsvertrag) 
with its parent company VGS, which was registered with the local court (Amtsgericht) of Essen on 18 November 2013. 
This agreement together with the rules of procedures (Geschäftsordnung) of VGS ensure that VGS will not and cannot 
abuse its domination. 
Profit and Loss Transfer Agreement with OGE  
The Issuer intends to maintain a regular and stable flow of dividends from its investment in OGE. In order to ensure such 
stable flow of returns, achieving and maintaining an investment grade rating is a high priority for the Issuer. OGE has 
entered into a profit and loss transfer agreement with the Issuer with effect from 1 January 2013. 
Facility Agreement 
In addition, the Issuer is a borrower and guarantor under an unsecured EUR 600,000,000 revolving facility agreement dated 
4 August 2017 between, inter alios, the Issuer and OGE as borrowers, Commerzbank Finance & Covered Bond S.A. as 
agent, and certain other financial institutions as lenders (the “Facility Agreement”). 
The Facility Agreement will terminate in 2024. According to the Facility Agreement, the potential borrowers have the 
possibility to request revolving facility loans or swingline loans to support the borrowers’ cash management needs. The 
Facility Agreement is governed by English law. 
Outstanding Bonds 
In the fiscal year 2013, the Issuer placed three bond tranches with a total volume of EUR 2,250,000,000 on the capital 
market and in 2018 a further bond with a volume of EUR 500,000,000. In the fiscal year 2019 another two bonds with a 
total volume of EUR 1,000,000,000 were issued. In June 2020, one of the bonds originally issued in 2013 with a volume 
of EUR 750,000,000 was repaid at the end of the agreed term. 
Overall, the issuer has five outstanding bonds with a total volume of EUR 3,000,000,000 and maturities between 2023 and 
2034: 
Bond Terms 
 
ISIN 
Tenor 
Nominal 
Coupon 
June 2013: Series 2 (EMTN) 
XS0942082115 
12 yr. 
EUR 750,000,000 
2.875% 
July 2013: Series 3 (EMTN) 
XS0951155869 
10 yr. 
EUR 750,000,000 
3.125% 
Sept 2018: Series 1 (DIP) 
XS1882681452 
10 yr. 
EUR 500,000,000 
1.500% 
Sept 2019: Series 2 (DIP) 
XS2049090595 
10 yr. 
EUR 500,000,000 
0.125% 
Sept 2019: Series 3 (DIP) 
XS2049146215 
15 yr. 
EUR 500,000,000 
0.500%

--- Page 28 ---
21 
 
 
 
 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF OGE 
Description of OGE 
Open Grid Europe GmbH (“OGE”) operates under the laws of Germany and was incorporated as a limited liability 
company (Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung – GmbH) on 4 December 2003. The company has its registered seat in 
Essen, Germany, with its registered office at Kallenbergstraße 5, 45141 Essen, Germany. OGE is registered with the local 
court of Essen under HRB 17487. 
Capitalisation Structure  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the registered share capital of OGE amounts to EUR 110,324,332 comprising three 
shares with nominal values of EUR 25,000, EUR 99,975,000 and EUR 10,324,332, respectively. The sole shareholder of 
OGE is the Issuer. 
Management Bodies 
Supervisory Board 
OGE is supervised by a supervisory board consisting of six members. In accordance with the articles of association of 
OGE, two of the members of the supervisory board are employee representatives and the remaining four are appointed by 
OGE’s shareholder(s). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the supervisory board are: 
Name 
Position 
Position outside OGE 
Business Address 
Lincoln 
Hillier Webb 
Chairman and 
shareholders’ 
appointee 
See “Business Description of the 
Issuer—Corporate Governance” for 
details of other positions outside OGE 
held by Lincoln Hillier Webb. 
British Columbia Investment 
Management Corporation 
750 Pandora Ave 
Victoria BC, V8W 0E4 
Canada 
Frank 
Lehmann 
Vice Chairman and 
employee 
representative 
None 
Kallenbergstraße 5, 
45141 Essen 
Germany 
Önder Ata 
Employee 
representative 
Member of the Supervisory Board of 
energie-BKK (health insurance) 
Kallenbergstraße 5, 
45141 Essen 
Germany 
Alexander 
Bögle 
Shareholder’s 
appointee 
See “Business Description of the Issuer 
– Corporate Governance” for details of 
other positions outside OGE held by 
Alexander Bögle. 
MEAG MUNICH 
ERGO Asset 
Management GmbH, 
Am Münchner Tor 1 
80805 Munich 
Germany 
Guy 
Lambert 
Shareholder’s 
appointee 
See “Business Description of the Issuer– 
Corporate Governance” for details of 
other positions outside OGE held by 
Guy Lambert. 
Abu Dhabi Investment 
Authority 
211 Corniche Street 
PO Box 3600 
Abu Dhabi 
United Arab Emirates 
Hilko 
Schomerus 
Shareholder’s 
appointee 
See “Business Description of the Issuer 
Corporate Governance” for details of 
other positions outside OGE held by 
Hilko Schmoerus. 
Macquarie Infrastructure and 
Real Assets (Europe) Limited, 
Niederlassung Deutschland, 
Bockenheimer Landstrasse 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 29 ---
22 
 
 
 
 
Board of Management 
The Board of Management of OGE comprises three managing directors and three general representatives. As of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Board of Management are: 
Name 
Position 
Position outside OGE 
Dr. Jörg Bergmann 
Managing 
Director 
and Chairman of the 
Board 
of 
Management 
Chairman 
of 
the 
supervisory 
board 
of 
MEGAL 
Mittel- Europäische Gasleitungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. KG  
Chairman of the supervisory board of Zeelink GmbH & Co. KG 
Dr. Thomas Hüwener 
Managing Director 
Member of the supervisory board of Trans Europa Naturgas 
Pipeline Gesellschaft mbH & Co. KG 
Chairman 
of 
the 
supervisory 
board 
of 
GasLine 
Telekommunikationsnetzgesellschaft 
deutscher 
Gasversorgungsunternehmen mbH 
Member of the supervisory board of Zeelink GmbH &  
Co. KG 
Dr. Frank Reiners 
Managing Director 
Chairman of the supervisory board of Trans Europa Naturgas 
Pipeline Gesellschaft mbH & Co. KG 
Member of the supervisory board of MEGAL Mittel- Europäische 
Gasleitungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. KG 
Vice-Chairman of the supervisory board of Nordrheinische 
Erdgastransportleitungs-Verwaltungs GmbH 
Axel Berndt 
General 
representative 
Member 
of 
the 
supervisory 
board 
of 
GasLine 
Telekommunikationsnetzgesellschaft 
deutscher 
Gasversorgungsunternehmen mbH 
Henrich von 
Kopp-Colomb 
General 
representative 
None 
Ulrich Ronnacker 
General 
representative 
None 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Management is Kallenbergstraße 5, 45141 Essen, Germany. 
Conflicts of Interest 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to OGE of its directors 
and their private interests and other duties. 
Business Overview 
OGE is a leading natural gas carrier with a gas transmission network of approximately 12,000 kilometres in length across 
Germany. With its pipeline network and services, OGE offers and arranges future-oriented gas transmission solutions. 
History 
OGE was initially incorporated by Ruhrgas Aktiengesellschaft (“Ruhrgas”) as Ruhrgas Transport Management GmbH 
(“RGT GmbH”) on 4 December 2003. Following several organisational restructuring activities, including the integration 
of the business unit “Technical Services for Regulated Gas Transport and Gas Storage” and the rebranding to Open Grid 
Europe GmbH in 2010, OGE was acquired from the E.ON group by the Issuer on 23 July 2012.

--- Page 30 ---
23 
 
 
 
 
Core Business 
OGE is a regulated gas transmission operator whose core business encompasses the design and construction of pipelines 
beginning with conceptual design, project management and engineering on to implementation, operation of the pipeline 
system, including maintenance and repair as well as control and monitoring of the network, capacity management, from 
capacity assessment to the development of new gas industry standards, marketing of the capacities and support of customers 
and monitoring and billing of gas transmission capacities. 
OGE transports natural gas through its own transmission systems and through cooperation with other TSOs, mostly in the 
form of joint operations or pipeline co-ownerships. Located in central Europe, OGE’s transmission network is an essential 
part of the European pipeline system which spans from the North Sea and Baltic Sea to the Mediterranean region, and from 
the Atlantic to Eastern Europe. 
OGE and certain of its participations are also active in the area of auxiliary services related to the gas transmission business 
and OGE participates in the THE market area. 
The following map provides an overview of the gas transmission network operated by OGE group: 
 
Head of fice 
Compressor station/field site 
Open Grid Europe GmbH (existing) 
Transit (existing)

--- Page 31 ---
24 
 
 
 
 
 
Strategy 
OGE is committed to the guiding principles of openness and transparency for access to its gas pipeline network within the 
European pipeline system, where the network of OGE represents an essential part of the German market area. OGE’s 
strategic focus is influenced by the regulated environment in which it operates and involves (i) maintaining high quality 
operations, security of supply and network expansion in the European context; (ii) optimisation of profit within the 
regulatory framework; (iii) maintaining a high level of cost efficiency; (iv) market integration; (v) promoting the future 
importance of gaseous energy sources such as natural gas (in the interim) and hydrogen (in the long term), as a key vector 
of the future energy system; and (vi) retaining competent employees with strong commitment. 
Given the increased focus on the reduction of Green House Gases (the “GHG”) in energy policy since the Paris Accord of 
2015, focus area (v) has become increasingly important to secure the long-term value of OGE’s assets and to develop new 
investment opportunities. In summary, the principal strategic focus of OGE is as follows: 
Optimisation of profit within the regulatory framework: Under the incentive regulatory mechanism set up by the BNetzA, 
the annual revenue cap for each regulatory period is based on a cost assessment in a base year. OGE continually seeks to 
optimise its regulated profit and eliminate any regulatory gaps through constant optimisation of the costs structure. OGE 
also engages in measures aimed at improving the regulatory framework itself through an ongoing dialogue with the BNetzA 
and the Federal Ministry of Economics (Bundeswirtschaftsministerium) regarding various elements of the current 
regulatory mechanism. 
Maintaining a high level of cost efficiency: A core strategic focus of OGE is the operation, maintenance and development 
of its network. OGE seeks to improve continuously the cost efficiency and effectiveness of its network, while keeping 
quality and reliability at the current high level, within the framework of its regulated tariff system and an integrated 
structure, composed of transmission activities, network and system services and engineering activities. 
Maintaining high quality operations, security of supply and network expansion in the European context: OGE focuses on 
the development of appropriate network capacity in order to meet the short term, mid-term and long-term needs of its 
customers and on maintaining high quality operations, high availability of the network and high level of security of supply. 
In particular, as laid down in the NDP, the focus is on offering higher capacities between the Northern and Southern parts 
of the OGE network as well as increasing capacities with neighbouring networks, as this is a prerequisite for the continuing 
liquidity of the European gas market. To ensure security of supply, OGE works with other European TSOs on a bilateral 
and/or multilateral basis. 
Market integration: As a market facilitator, OGE expects to continue to improve the functionality of the national and 
international gas markets which are connected to OGE’s network and which are of major importance to the German market. 
Promoting the future importance of gas as an energy source in a decarbonized energy system: OGE increasingly promotes 
the role of gas and the potential of gas infrastructure within the German and the European energy policy. With targeted 
reductions of CO2 up to 100 per cent. by 2045, natural gas will struggle to be sustainable as a fossil energy source in the 
long-term, at least not without carbon capture and storage (“CCS”) or carbon capture and utilization (“CCU”). However, 
gas infrastructure can also carry large amounts of carbon-free or carbon neutral gas, such as bio methane, hydrogen 
(produced from steam reforming and CCS or from electrolysis) and synthetic methane. Numerous studies have shown 
recently that a decarbonized energy system integrating existing gas infrastructure in the long-term will allow reaching 
climate targets faster, cheaper and more reliably. To facilitate this development has become a key strategic objective for 
OGE. This includes the participation in discussions about gas transition technology and the long-term supplementation of 
gas to carbon-free or carbon neutral gaseous energy sources (the “Green Gas”). OGE is in the process of analysing the 
H2-capabilities of its network and is actively developing tangible hydrogen projects and future import corridors. Intensive 
lobbying activities to change the regulatory framework in order to provide leeway for infrastructure companies to enter 
into the field of hydrogen and CO2 transport and to create investment opportunities are also ongoing. In addition to this 
transition to the transportation of green gases, OGE strives to make its current and future operation more sustainable. To 
this end, OGE is aiming to reduce the GHG emissions from its gas transmission system by 45% by the year 2025, compared 
to 2009 levels. These emissions currently stem from the use of Diesel, electricity, fuel gas as well as from methane. As the 
reduction of methane emissions is particularly important to address climate change, OGE has set itself a target to lower its 
methane emissions by 55% by 2025 compared to 2009 levels. In this way, we are making our contribution to climate 
protection and living up to our responsibility as Germany's leading gas TSO. 
Retaining competent employees with strong commitment: OGE continuously seeks to maintain and improve the high level 
of competence, productivity and cost effectiveness of its human resources by establishing a challenging and motivating 
work environment that strengthens operational excellence. The strategy includes hiring, developing and continuously 
training qualified personnel according to business needs, implementing a retention management system to support

--- Page 32 ---
25 
 
 
 
 
employees’ strong commitment to business goals, enforcing a human resources policy focused on active cost awareness 
and optimising human resources costs within the regulatory framework. OGE’s efforts to attract new talent are supported 
by its corporate purpose, values-driven management, flexible working models providing the possibility to work remotely, 
and social media presence. 
OGE Group 
OGE’s subsidiaries and participations 
OGE’s operating subsidiaries and participations may be divided into: 
 
companies that own or operate gas transmission systems; 
 
companies concerned with the provision of other regulated and non-regulated services related to the gas 
transmission business; and 
 
a holding company through which OGE holds a stake in a joint company operating an integrated fibre optics 
network. 
Companies that own or operate gas transmission systems 
OGE holds the following shares and interests, respectively, in companies that own gas transmission systems: 
 
a limited partnership interest of 24.99 per cent. in DEUDAN – Deutsch/Dänische Erdgastransport- Gesellschaft 
mbH & Co. KG (“DEUDAN KG”), a joint company with Gasunie Deutschland Transport Services GmbH 
(“Gasunie”) owning a pipeline system running from Ellund at the German-Danish border to Quarnstedt with a 
length of approximately 110 kilometres. OGE also holds a 24.99 per cent. stake in DEUDAN Deutsch/Dänische 
Erdgastransport-Gesellschaft mbH, the general partner of DEUDAN KG without any capital contribution; 
 
a limited partnership interest of 51 per cent. in MEGAL Mittel-Europäische- Gasleitungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. 
KG (“MEGAL KG”), a joint company with GRTgaz Deutschland GmbH owning a pipeline system running from 
Waidhaus at the German-Czech border to Medelsheim at the German-French border with a length of 
approximately 1,158 kilometres. OGE also holds 51 per cent. of the shares in MEGAL Verwaltungs-GmbH, the 
general partner of MEGAL KG without any capital contribution; 
 
100 per cent. of the shares in Mittelrheinische Erdgastransportleitungsgesellschaft mbH (“METG mbH”), a 
company owning a pipeline system running from Bergisch Gladbach to Lampertheim (close to the city of 
Mannheim) with a total length of approximately 427 kilometres; 
 
a limited partnership interest of 50 per cent. in Nordrheinische Erdgastransportleitungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. 
KG (“NETG KG”), a joint company with Thyssengas GmbH (“Thyssengas”) owning a pipeline between 
Zevenaar, Netherlands, and Bergisch Gladbach with a length of approximately 288 kilometres. OGE also holds 
50 per cent. of the shares in Nordrheinische Erdgastransportleitungs-Verwaltungs-GmbH, the general partner of 
NETG KG without any capital contribution; 
 
a limited partnership interest of 55.94 per cent. in NETRA GmbH Norddeutsche Erdgas Transversale & Co. KG 
(“NETRA KG”), a joint company with Gasunie and Jordgas GmbH owning a 343 kilometres long pipeline system 
which runs from the receiving facilities Dornum at the North Sea to Salzwedel-Steinitz. OGE also holds 
50 per cent. of the shares in NETRA GmbH Norddeutsche Erdgas Transversale (“NETRA GmbH”), the general 
partner of NETRA KG without any capital contribution; 
 
a limited partnership interest of 51 per cent. in Trans Europa Naturgas Pipeline Gesellschaft mbH & Co. KG 
(“TENP KG”), a joint company with Fluxys TENP GmbH, owning a 1,000 kilometres long pipeline system which 
runs from the German-Dutch border close to Aachen to the German- Swiss border close to Schwörstadt. OGE 
furthermore holds 50 per cent. of the shares in Trans Europa Naturgas Pipeline Verwaltungs-GmbH, the general 
partner of TENP KG without any capital contribution; and 
 
a limited partnership interest of 75 per cent. in ZEELINK GmbH & Co. KG (“ZEELINK KG”), a joint company 
with Thyssengas owning a 215 kilometres long pipeline system which runs from the Belgian border close to 
Aachen to the North to the city of Legden. OGE furthermore holds 75 per cent. of shares in the 
ZEELINK-Verwaltungs-GmbH, the general partner of ZEELINK KG without any capital contribution. 
DEUDAN KG, MEGAL KG, METG mbH, NETG KG, NETRA KG, TENP KG, ZEELINK KG and the respective general 
partners are collectively referred to as the “Pipeline Companies”.

--- Page 33 ---
26 
 
 
 
 
Companies concerned with the provision of other regulated and non-regulated services related to the gas transmission 
business 
In addition to its participations in the Pipeline Companies, OGE holds the following shares and interests in companies 
concerned with the provision of other regulated and non-regulated services related to the gas transmissions business: 
 
40 per cent. of the shares in evety GmbH, a company providing consultancy services und project assistance for 
third parties in relation to hydrogen projects; 
 
40 per cent. of the shares in H2UB GmbH, a company operating a virtual and physical platform for linking the 
different market participants in the hydrogen market including all related businesses and services; 
 
33.33 per cent. of the shares in LIWACOM Informationstechnik GmbH, a company that develops and distributes 
software for the simulation of gas networks and furthermore provides related consultancy services; 
 
100 per cent. of the shares in PLEdoc GmbH (“PLEdoc”), a company that collects and manages information 
regarding grid-type networks and technical installations, engages in surveying and mapping as well as in the 
planning and implementation of geo-information systems;  
 
1.33 per cent. of the shares in PRISMA European Capacity Platform GmbH (“PRISMA”), a collaboration of 
24 European TSOs. The goal of PRISMA is to facilitate the European internal market for energy through the 
operation of an electronic platform for the allocation of capacities (primary capacity platform) as well as an 
electronic platform for the trading of capacities (secondary capacity platform) in gas transmission networks and 
services related to capacity allocation mechanisms and congestion management procedures; 
 
9.09 per cent. in THE Manager, an associated company held by 11 German gas TSOs, concerned, inter alia, with 
the operations of the THE market area and related activities, such as balancing group management, the operation 
of a virtual trading point for TSOs operators as well as the sourcing and management of balancing energy; and 
 
100 per cent. of the shares in Open Grid Service GmbH (“OGS”), a company providing personnel services, in 
particular temporary-employment services, to OGE and other companies in which OGE holds participations was 
dissolved with the effectiveness of the merger of OGS to OGE. 
Holding company 
OGE has established and holds 100 per cent. of the registered share capital of Line WORX GmbH (“Line WORX”), a 
company through which OGE holds a 29.24 per cent. stake in GasLINE Telekommunikationsnetzgesellschaft deutscher 
Gasversorgungsunternehmen mbH & Co. Kommanditgesellschaft (“GasLINE KG”) and its general partner GasLINE 
Telekommunikationsnetzgesellschaft deutscher Gasversorgungsunternehmen mbH (“GasLINE GmbH”). GasLINE KG is 
an associated company of ten companies active in the gas trading and transmission business, owning (including co-
ownership) an integrated fibre optics network with an overall length of approximately 14,400 kilometres throughout 
Germany 
Dormant companies 
In addition, OGE holds 100 per cent. of the registered share capital of Open Grid Regional GmbH (“OGR”) and NEL 
Beteiligungs GmbH (“NEL”), which are currently dormant. 
Material Agreements 
Existing profit and loss transfer agreements. 
OGE as controlling party has entered into domination and profit and loss transfer agreements with METG, NEL, OGR, 
OGS, PLE doc and Line WORX as controlled parties. 
Beneficial Use Agreements 
A significant part of OGE group’s pipeline network is not directly owned by OGE itself but owned by the Pipeline 
Companies or third parties and used by the OGE group on the basis of contractual rights of use under beneficial use 
agreements (Gebrauchs- und Nutzungsüberlassungsverträge). OGE has entered into beneficial use agreements with all 
Pipeline Companies covering the largest part of the pipeline network not owned or co-owned by OGE.

--- Page 34 ---
27 
 
 
 
 
Service Agreements 
OGE has entered into various service agreements regarding parts of the gas transmission network co-owned by OGE 
together with other TSOs or owned by the Pipeline Companies. Most of these agreements concern the provision of 
dispatching services, maintenance and other technical services, commercial services or property-related administration. In 
several cases, the co-owners or joint company partners have split the corresponding tasks for different segments of the 
pipelines, while on other occasions, OGE has assumed responsibility for the entire pipeline concerned. The agreements are 
generally entered into for periods of several consecutive years and usually provide for automatic renewals unless terminated 
by either party. 
In addition to the service agreements in relation to co-owned pipelines or pipelines owned by the Pipeline Companies, a 
few other service agreements relate to assets which are either solely owned by OGE or another TSO and in which case the 
parties have reciprocally agreed to provide their services for the parts of the gas transmission network owned by the other 
TSO. OGE also offers a wide range of services to third parties. 
Procurement of Flow Commitments and Fuel Energy  
OGE requires so-called fuel gas to drive the compressor units in the gas transmission system which it operates. As an 
operator of an energy supply system, OGE is responsible for procuring the fuel gas in accordance with the stipulations laid 
down in the Energy Industry Act (EnWG). The analogous application of Section 22, para. 1, the EnWG requires that fuel 
gas has to be procured in a transparent, non- discriminatory and market-oriented manner. Fuel gas for compressor units is 
defined as volatile cost items according to ARegV. 
From a regulatory perspective, the largest part of OGE’s energy costs is regarded as a volatile cost item and recovered 
immediately through OGE’s yearly Revenue Cap. 
With the implementation of the new market area, THE, there will only be one single market area. At the request of the 
network operators, market-based instruments or capacity buybacks can be used locally and at short notice to maintain 
capacity in the overall network. 
Both quantities and prices are subject to high intertemporal fluctuations. Against this background, these costs were 
classified and defined as volatile costs within the meaning of the ARegV by the BNetzA on 30 March 2020. 
Market Area Cooperations 
In the past, German TSOs established two market areas: the GASPOOL market area, with its operating company 
GASPOOL Balancing Services GmbH (“GASPOOL”), and the NetConnect Germany market area, with its operating 
company NetConnect Germany GmbH & Co. KG (“NetConnect Germany”). German law required GASPOOL and 
NetConnect Germany to merge their market areas by 1 April 2022. To fulfil this obligation, their shareholders cooperated 
in a common project with the collaboration of BNetzA. The unified market area was implemented ahead of the deadline 
on 1 October 2021. 
The new market area manager, Trading Hub Europe GmbH (“THE Manager”), has 11 TSOs as shareholders: Bayernets 
GmbH, Fluxys TENP GmbH, GASCADE Gastransport GmbH, Gastransport Nord GmbH, Gasunie Deutschland Transport 
Services GmbH, GRTgaz Deutschland GmbH, Nowega GmbH, ONTRAS Gastransport GmbH, terranets bw GmbH, 
Thyssengas GmbH and OGE. 
In its role as market area manager, THE handles the operational management of the market area cooperation. THE is 
responsible for the management of balancing groups and system balancing activities, the provision and operation of the 
market area’s Virtual Trading Point, and the provision of data, such as settlement and balancing information. 
To perform such functions appropriately, THE can make use of several balancing instruments, which are used mainly for 
daily balancing on a short-term basis. In addition, THE is also able to use long term options (“LTO”) to secure the 
availability of balancing energy for certain time periods in the future. As storage levels were relatively low during the 
winter period 2021/22, THE used LTOs to have guaranteed access to gas from the storage facilities in times of very high 
demand to balance the market area. The expenses for procuring balancing energy are generally financed by charges paid 
by the balancing group managers as contracting partner of THE. The charges are determined once per year according to 
rules set by BNetzA. 
Gas Network Contracts 
The operators of gas transmission networks and gas distribution networks are required to cooperate in order to enable 
deliveries of gas to end customers. Such deliveries typically involve transport over several networks which are physically 
linked, but often operated by different companies. The principles of this cooperation are laid down in a general cooperation 
agreement (Kooperationsvereinbarung zwischen den Betreibern von in Deutschland gelegenen Gasversorgungsnetzen – 
KoV).

--- Page 35 ---
28 
 
 
 
 
On a bilateral basis, interconnection agreements have been entered into between OGE and adjacent network operators 
whose gas networks are linked to OGE’s gas network. These interconnection agreements contain details of operational 
cooperation on technical rules and regulations between adjacent network operators at interconnection points. 
Capacity bookings between gas transmission and gas distribution network operators are then made via so- called internal 
annual orders for capacity in order to provide sufficient firm capacity for gas distribution network operators to satisfy the 
expected off-take demand from their network. OGE has also entered into a number of agreements with other network 
operators concerning the bundling of transport capacities at network interconnection points in order to meet statutory 
requirements to allow auctioning of bundled entry and exit capacities in the form of a transparent and non-discriminatory 
auction process. 
Network operators are under a statutory obligation to connect customers which want to off-take gas from the network to 
their network on terms which are adequate, non-discriminatory and transparent. To this effect, such customers need to enter 
into network connection agreements with exit-network operators. Similarly, operators of gas storage facilities enter into 
storage connection agreements with network operators regarding the connection of their storage facilities to the gas network 
at storage connection points which link the transmission network and the storage facilities. 
Under the “Two Contract Model”, only two separate, tradable contracts with the relevant network operators for the feed-in 
(entry contract) and the off-take (exit contract) of the gas are required for the transportation of the gas to the customers 
which want to off-take gas from the network. These contracts are generally entered into by transport customers on the basis 
of standardised terms and conditions in a European-wide standardised auction process via the web-based capacity trading 
platform PRISMA. Capacities are auctioned on PRISMA as annual, quarterly, monthly, day-ahead and within-day 
products. These capacity products are also offered at end consumers points (Industrial and Commercial customers), but the 
capacity allocation follows the “first committed - first serve” mechanism instead of the auction process. 
Before a transport customer can utilize acquired entry and exit contracts, the customer (or a designated third party willing 
to enter into such contract on its behalf) in its role as balancing group manager is required by law to enter into a balancing 
group contract with the market area manager. This contract establishes a balancing group, comprising a number of entry 
and exit points within the market area (including the virtual trading point at which gas volumes can be traded), and requires 
the balancing group manager to financially compensate any deviations between its actual feed-in and its actual off-take of 
gas at those entry and exit points. Regarding the entire German market area, in which OGE is participating, balancing group 
contracts are concluded between THE Manager in its role as the market area manager (but not OGE as TSO) and the 
balancing group manager. 
TSOs are required by European regulation to establish so-called virtual interconnection points (“VIP”) at the border 
between two gas market areas as of 1 November 2018. The establishment of such VIP is meant to facilitate cross-border 
gas trade and hence lead to higher integrated European gas markets. Customers would only have to participate in auctions 
at one point per border to acquire transport capacities. According to the implementation model agreed by the German TSOs, 
one of the TSOs active at each border is responsible for marketing all these transport capacities at the respective border. 
However, if capacities at the potential VIP are lower than the sum of the capacities of each interconnection point, no VIP 
has to be implemented. Depending on the progress of the respective agreement between the relevant TSOs at each border, 
the implementation for the VIPs needs sufficient lead time which differs from VIP to VIP. At the borders to the Czech 
Republic, Austria and France, the VIPs started operation on 1 March 2019 whereby VIPs at the border to Belgium and 
Switzerland started on 1 July 2019 and the VIPs on the border to the Netherlands (L-Gas & H-Gas) were implemented in 
the first quarter of 2020. Due to the market area merger into the new THE market area on 1 October 2021, there is an 
obligation at some borders to merge further interconnection points (IP) and existing VIPs to new THE-VIPs. 
Network Expansion Projects 
The expansion of the German gas network is of central importance to the German Federal Government’s energy policy. 
Both EU and national regulations oblige German TSOs to produce plans containing a forecast of future network expansion 
requirements. The EnWG specifies that German gas TSOs shall jointly submit a ten-year NDP every second year. 
The 2020 NDP, which models gas flows in the German gas network for the next ten years in order to establish the 
development and/or potential investment requirements from 2020 to 2030, was initially submitted to the BNetzA on 1 July 
2020. The 2020 NDP foresees total investments for all TSOs of approximately EUR 8.5 billion until 2030. As a result of 
its size and role in the German gas transmission market, the 2020 NDP includes substantial investment obligations for OGE 
of approximately EUR 1.8 billion. Compared with the direct predecessor, the approved NDP 2018, the total investments 
over the ten- year period have increased substantially, while the investments attributable to OGE have decreased to approx. 
EUR 1.8 billion.

--- Page 36 ---
29 
 
 
 
 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Whilst certain legal claims and proceedings are from time to time pending or threatened against OGE and its subsidiaries 
and participations, in most instances OGE has established provisions for pending litigation, which management believes 
are adequate to meet such legal claims and proceedings. Based on relevant counsel’s advice, it is not expected that the 
ultimate outcome of any matter currently threatened or pending against OGE or any of its subsidiaries and participations 
will have a material effect on the financial position of OGE. 
Regulatory Proceedings  
The following regulatory decisions and complaint proceedings which may have an impact on OGE’s revenue cap for the 
current and next regulatory period (for the years 2023-2027) are currently pending: 
Regulatory decisions 
 
In 2021, the formal regulatory proceedings for the determination of the revenue cap were started. Regarding the 
cost audit of the base year 2020, OGE is currently in hearing and discussion procedures with BNetzA. The 
determination of the individual efficiency factor for the Fourth Regulatory Period (as defined below) by the 
BNetzA has not yet been finalized. 
 
In a decision on 12 June 2020, the BNetzA approved the regulatory account balance for the year 2017. The 
procedure for the balances for the years 2018 - 2021 has not yet been completed. 
 
For the determination of the sectoral productivity factor (“Xgen”) (applicable to gas network operators) for 
the Fourth Regulatory Period, the network operators were requested to submit the necessary data to the BNetzA 
by 15 April 2022. The determination procedure is expected to begin in mid-2022. A final rate for the Xgen is 
expected to be determined in the second half of 2022. 
Complaint Proceedings 
 
BNetzA has set the RoE at 5.07 per cent for new assets (old assets: 3.51 per cent) for the Fourth Regulatory Period, 
as published on 20 October 2021. OGE filed an appeal with the Higher Regional Court (Oberlandesgericht) of 
Düsseldorf against the decision of the BNetzA in 2021 on the return on imputed equity (“RoE”) determination 
for the Fourth Regulatory Period. A decision by the Higher Regional Court (Oberlandesgericht) is not expected 
before 2023. 
Since such complaint proceedings are challenging decisions which have or would have an effect on OGE, such proceedings 
are not considered to pose a risk to OGE but rather present a potential upside. 
Regulatory Framework 
General Regulatory Framework 
As a German TSO, OGE is subject to a comprehensive regulatory framework, both on a European and national level. The 
key law applicable to OGE is the EnWG, which defines the overall legal framework for the gas and electricity supply 
companies in Germany. The provisions of the EnWG were substantiated by several ordinances, in the gas sector in 
particular, by the Ordinance on Access to the Gas Networks (Gasnetzzugangsverordnung – the “GasNZV”), GasNEV and 
ARegV and by determinations of the BNetzA. BNetzA is, in accordance with the EnWG, the federal energy market 
regulator and has the tasks of, inter alia, (i) ensuring non-discriminatory grid access, (ii) controlling the network access 
tariffs, (iii) safeguarding against anti-competitive practices by grid operators and (iv) monitoring of the implementation of 
the regulatory regime. 
The material regulatory duties of OGE are outlined in the following sections. 
Unbundling  
Amendments to the EnWG adopted in 2011 to implement the third energy law package of the EU introduced stricter rules 
on unbundling for gas TSOs belonging to a vertically integrated energy undertaking in order to achieve an effective 
separation of transmission system operation and energy production and/or supply. According to the rules, the same person 
or persons are not entitled either directly or indirectly to exercise control or exercise any right over a gas or electricity TSO 
or over a transmission system, and at the same time directly or indirectly exercise control over an undertaking performing 
any of the functions of generation or supply of gas or electricity, and vice versa. Therefore, many undertakings in the sector 
had to undergo structural changes in order to comply with the new legislation with regard to the separation of control and 
performance functions for which three different unbundling models are available in Germany. The less intrusive options, 
such as, in particular, the ITO structure, may only be implemented where the transmission system belonged to a vertically 
integrated energy undertaking on 3 September 2009. Where the ITO option is available, the TSO remains part of the

--- Page 37 ---
30 
 
 
 
 
vertically integrated energy undertaking, but has to abide by strict rules to ensure that the generation/supply business and 
transmission network operations are conducted strictly independently (the “ITO-model”). The gas TSO needs to be 
equipped with all physical, human, financial and technical resources necessary for fulfilling the gas TSO’s statutory 
obligations. 
Only TSOs complying with the necessary legal requirements will be certified and designated as a TSO by BNetzA, such 
certification being required under the EnWG for the operation of the transmission network. By resolution dated 2 December 
2013, BNetzA granted OGE the certification as ITO. Thus, OGE has successfully proven that it is organised in accordance 
with the requirements under Sections 10 seqs. EnWG. 
Maintenance and development of the gas transmission network  
OGE as a TSO is obliged to maintain, develop and optimise the network, meeting demands for the transmission of gas 
(bedarfsgerechter Ausbau) and contributing to supply security by having appropriate transmission capacity to the extent 
this is economically reasonable. 
The network connection of storage facilities, liquefied natural gas and production facilities, gas-fired power plants and 
biogas facilities may require the expansion of the network. Following such expansion, respective connection requests must 
be considered for the calculation of the available capacity, which TSOs have to conduct pursuant to the GasNZV. 
The binding obligation for network extensions arises from the national NDP to be issued by the TSOs to BNetzA every 
two years, considering the next ten-year period and including specific measures which have to be taken within the next 
three years. On a transnational level, expansion requirements are set out in the European Ten Year NDP and regional NDPs, 
such as the North-West Gas Regional Investment Plan and the South Gas Regional Investment Plan. These plans do not 
immediately result in binding expansion requirements, but provide guidance for the national NDPs of European TSOs. 
In addition, TSOs are under the obligation, pursuant to European Regulation 994/2010 regarding security of supply, to 
implement permanent bi-directional capacity on all cross-border interconnections between Member States. Nevertheless, 
it is possible to apply for an exemption, to be granted by the BNetzA. The BNetzA will in turn cooperate with the EU 
Commission and the relevant regulatory bodies of the Member States when considering the grant of such exemption, and 
it shall only be granted if reverse flow capacity would not significantly enhance the security of supply of any Member State 
or region or if the investment costs would significantly outweigh the prospective benefits for security of supply. OGE 
applied for exemptions for seven interconnection points (Bocholtz, Elten, Tegelen, Vreden, Medelsheim, Remich and 
Waidhaus) in February 2012 for all of which BNetzA granted exemptions in March 2013. 
Regulatory framework in Germany governing the tariffs 
The primary source of revenue for OGE is network tariffs for access to its network. The revenue is capped largely based 
on a cost assessment of the business in the calendar year that is three years prior to the start of the relevant regulatory period 
(the “Base Year”), which is used in the calculation of an annual revenue cap for each year of the regulatory period. The 
current regulatory period lasts from 2018 to 2022 (the “Third Regulatory Period”) and its revenue cap is based on the 
costs of the Base Year 2015. The initial level of the revenue cap for the next regulatory period (the “Fourth Regulatory 
Period”) will come into effect in 2023, based on approved costs of the base year 2020, and will expire in 2027. 
The total costs approved by BNetzA in a Base Year as the starting point for the revenue cap are either classified as 
permanently non controllable costs, temporarily non controllable costs or as controllable costs. As a second step, an 
individual efficiency factor is determined by the BNetzA for each TSO based on an efficiency benchmarking (currently of 
16 German gas TSOs) in which the TSOs are compared to each other based on their individual ratio between controllable 
costs (input parameters) and structural parameters of the individual grids (output parameters). The efficiency factor may 
range from 60 to 100 per cent., and describes the share of costs that is determined as inefficient compared to the most 
efficient TSO (with 100 per cent. representing full efficiency). 
OGE received the final decision regarding the revenue cap for the Third Regulatory Period on 15 June 2018. BNetzA 
decided to approve the balance of the regulatory account from previous years in a separate procedure. On 12 June 2020, 
BNetzA approved the regulatory account balance for 2017. The procedure for the years 2018 – 2021 has not yet been 
completed. 
In 2021, OGE started BNetzA’s cost audit procedure which serves to determine the cost base level of the Base Year 2020, 
on which the revenue cap for the Fourth Regulatory Period will be based. This cost base level (including volatile costs such 
as fuel energy costs) is the basis for the subsequent efficiency benchmark process. Both the cost review and the efficiency 
comparison process have not yet been completed. The BNetzA’s final decision on the efficiency factor and the final revenue 
cap for the Fourth Regulatory Period will significantly influence the profitability of OGE and could therefore have a 
material adverse effect on the business operations, the results and the financial position of OGE.

--- Page 38 ---
31 
 
 
 
 
Furthermore, BNetzA has determined two additional key parameters that will be applied in determining the revenue cap of 
the Third and Fourth Regulatory Periods: RoE and the Xgen. On 12 October 2016, BNetzA set the RoE parameter at 6.91 
per cent. (nominal) for the Third Regulatory Period. Appeals against this determination were filed by most of Germany’s 
network operators, but the Federal High Court dismissed all appeals in favor of BNetzA. On 14 July 2021, BNetzA 
published the consultation paper on the RoE parameter for the Fourth Regulatory Period, with a proposed RoE of 4.6 per 
cent. Following criticism from network operators, BNetzA set the RoE at 5.07 per cent for new assets (old assets: 3.51 per 
cent), as published on 20 October 2021. Like a large number of other network operators, OGE has filed an appeal against 
this decision with the Düsseldorf Higher Regional Court. A decision by the Higher Regional Court is not expected before 
2023. The final revenue cap determined for the Fourth Regulatory Period is expected to contain a RoE adjustment clause, 
which will provide for an adjustment of the RoE based on the outcome of the pending proceedings. A lower RoE will 
effectively limit the return that OGE is able to generate on investments. OGE believes that the lower RoE currently foreseen 
by the BNetzA represents a major challenge given the significant investments that will be required as part of the ongoing 
transformation of the energy industry. 
The Xgen for the Third Regulatory Period was set by BNetzA at a level of 0.49 per cent. per annum. This factor represents 
an additional efficiency target that obliges network operators in the respective sector to reduce their revenue cap by the 
applicable percentage during the course of the regulatory period. BNetzA requested network operators to submit the 
necessary data to determine the Xgen applicable to gas network operators during the Fourth Regulatory Period by 15 April 
2022. The procedure to determine the Xgen is expected to begin in mid 2022 and a final determination is expected to be 
reached in the second half of 2022. The determination of the Xgen is complex and difficult to predict. It is possible that the 
Xgen will be set at a higher level compared to the current regulatory period. There is therefore a risk that the Xgen set for 
the Fourth Regulatory Period will reduce OGE’s revenue cap and thus have a negative impact on profitability. 
Furthermore, OGE is allowed to adjust the annual revenue cap based on the approved costs of IMA pursuant to Section 23 
of the ARegV. This provision implies that the operator can reimburse costs caused by significant investment projects that 
are not yet fully reflected in the last Base Year on an annual basis in the course of the regulatory period. As a consequence, 
the costs are included in the revenue cap based on planned costs without time lag. Deviations between planned and actual 
costs are balanced via the regulatory account mechanism. The IMA reimbursement requires a project specific application 
in which the operator has to prove that the project fulfils the criteria of being either a grid enhancement project or a 
significant grid restructuring. The project specific approval potentially incorporates a deduction for a replacement share in 
case the investment partially or fully replaces existing grid assets. The approval practice of BNetzA has been published in 
a self binding guideline that covers all relevant aspects and criteria (e.g. approval requirements, duration, calculation 
principles). In addition, BNetzA has issued a formal determination on the calculation of IMA costs, which has been 
amended with effect as of 1 January 2021 by in particular reducing the imputed trade tax which is part of the cost base 
(BK4 12 656A02). BNetzA generally has the right to change the approval criteria. Following the project approval by 
BNetzA the operator is allowed to reimburse costs of capital (inter alia depreciation, financing costs incl. RoE) as well as 
a lump sum for operating expenditure (“OPEX”) of the specific project. Generally, the BNetzA has the legal force to 
determine and adjust the OPEX lump sum factor for specific assets. Potential changes to the IMA approval practice as well 
as OPEX lump sum adjustments may have a negative impact on OGE’s IMA reimbursement. 
With the amendment of the ARegV on 31 July 2021, the remuneration of capital expenditures for DSO and TSO will be 
almost completely standardised. The mechanism of the yearly capital cost adjustment (“CCA”), which was already 
established for DSOs, will also be introduced for both electricity and gas TSOs from the beginning of the Fourth Regulatory 
Period. The CCA mechanism will replace the existing IMA mechanism. There is a transition period for existing and 
approved investment measures until 2027. After that, the investment measure mechanism will expire. 
Consequently, the aforementioned risk with regard to the IMA mechanism only applies in the period up to the end of 2027. 
Third party access according Commission Regulation (EU) 2017/459 Common Platform PRISMA European Capacity 
Platform GmbH  
European TSOs are obliged by NC CAM to offer transmission capacity by means of one or a limited number of joint 
web-based booking platforms. TSOs are entitled to operate these platforms via a third party. Further rules are described 
within this regulation. Therefore, a number of European TSOs have founded PRISMA as a European capacity booking 
platform. OGE sells all transmission capacity via the PRISMA platform. OGE holds 1.33 per cent. of total shares of 
PRISMA.

--- Page 39 ---
32 
 
 
 
 
Security of Supply 
About one quarter of all the energy used in the EU is natural gas, and Germany imports nearly all supplies. To help prevent 
potential supply disruptions and respond to them if they happen, EU regulations set standards and indicators to measure 
serious threats and define how much gas EU countries need to be able to supply to households. In response to the Russian 
invasion of Ukraine and in order to become less dependent or finally independent from Russian-supplies several national 
and supra-national legislative procedures have been introduced: 
 
In March 2022, the EU Commission has announced the “REPowerEU” plan to reduce the import of Russian 
natural gas already in 2022 and to fully abandon Russian Gas supply in the medium term (2030). To achieve this 
objective more LNG, natural gas from Norway, Azerbaijan and northern Africa should be imported to the EU.  
 
The amendment of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1938 (SoS-VO) leads to compulsory minimum filling levels for gas 
storage facilities to ensure security of supply.   
 
On national level the German Energy Act was adapted to ensure security of supply. Therefore, in accordance to 
the SoS-VO an obligation for storage users has been implemented which requires them to stock minimum filling 
levels. 
 
By amending the Energy Security Act the German legislator will introduce further instruments to strengthen the 
security of supply. Therefore, a trust management can take control of undertakings which operate critical 
infrastructures. As a measure of last resort an expropriation can also be carried out to safeguard the gas supply. 
 
L-H gas Conversion 
Up to 25 per cent. of the German gas consumption is supplied with low calorific value natural gas (L-gas), which is 
exclusively sourced from German and Dutch reserves. High calorific value natural gas (H-gas) comes primarily from 
Norway and Russia or arrives via LNG facilities. The two different groups of natural gas must be transported in separate 
systems within defined limits for technical and calibration reasons.  
The decline in L-gas production in Germany and in the Netherlands has significant impacts in terms of both the annual 
volumes available in Germany and the capacity that is available. For this reason, the German L-Gas market is gradually 
being converted to H-gas until 2030. Conversion of the markets takes several years since all appliances have to be checked 
and adapted to a different gas quality range. Furthermore, an expansion of the network infrastructure is also required. OGE 
is investing in new infrastructure, connecting H-Gas sources with todays’ L-Gas consumption areas. The largest investment 
project in this context was the construction of the ZEELINK pipeline being commissioned in 2021. 
Tariffs for Network Use according to Commission Regulation 2017/460 
After the introduction of the concept of the entry-exit system by Commission regulation (EC) 715/2009, transmission costs 
are no longer associated to a specific transportation route. In order to achieve a reasonable cost reflectivity transmission 
tariffs need to be based on a specific price methodology using specific cost drivers. With the decisions BK9-18/610-NCG 
and BK9-18/611-GP (REGENT-NCG/GP) of the BNetzA coming into force, the network fees for the entry and exit points 
were determined as a postage stamp uniformly for former the market areas GASPOOL and NetConnect Germany starting 
on 1 January 2020. After the market merger the network fees for the entry and exit points are determined as a postage 
stamp uniformly for the market area Trading Hub Europe according to BNetzA decision BK9-19/610 (REGENT 2021). 
Furthermore an inter-transmission system operator compensation mechanism has been established with BK9-19/607 
(AMELIE 2021) to ensure that all TSOs earn the specific allowed revenues in the common tariffication system. 
This proceeding is the result of the requirements of Commission regulation (EU) 2017/460 (NC TAR)establishing a 
network code on harmonized transmission tariff structures for gas, which entered into force in 2017. The BNetzA 
implements these requirements in the common German market area by concluding the decisions REGENT 2021 (BK9-
19/610), AMELIE 2021 (BK9-19/607), BEATE 2.0 (BK9-20/608) and MARGIT 2022 (BK9-20/612). 
Regulation of Network Tariffs 
Incentive Regulation 
As of 1 January 2010, OGE is subject to the regime of incentive regulation (Anreizregulierung), which is set out in the 
EnWG and, in more detail, in the ARegV. Incentive regulation adds dynamic efficiencies by setting incentives for efficient 
operation of the network, deviating from the static cost-oriented calculation. 
For each network operator, BNetzA defines for each year of a regulatory period an ex ante revenue cap (Erlösobergrenze). 
Regulatory periods generally last for five years, but in the case of the gas TSOs the first regulatory period (2010-2012) (the

--- Page 40 ---
33 
 
 
 
 
“First Regulatory Period”) was curtailed to three years and expired on 31 December 2012. The second and the still 
ongoing third regulatory periods cover the calendar years 2013-2017 (the “Second Regulatory Period”) and 2018-2022 
(the “Third Regulatory Period”). The new regulatory period (the “Fourth Regulatory Period”) will begin in 2023 and 
end in 2027. 
The capacity-based network tariffs chargeable to customers are calculated on the basis of this revenue cap and expected 
capacity bookings. Since the actual capacity bookings can vary from the expected capacity volume assumed for the tariff 
calculation, the total revenues actually realised can also (positively or negatively) differ from the revenue cap defined by 
BNetzA ex ante. These positive or negative differences are accumulated on the regulatory account (according to Section 5 
ARegV), and considered for the calculation of the revenue caps of the subsequent three years following 2 years after the 
difference has occurred. This compensation mechanism ensures that network operators cannot sustainably exceed or 
underachieve their respective annual revenue caps by compensating for the differences in the future. 
The revenue cap is calculated on the cost base of the Base Year, which is the third calendar year prior to the beginning of 
the regulatory period, with some costs classified as either (i) permanently non-influenceable costs; (ii) temporary 
non-influenceable costs; or (iii) influenceable costs. Inter alia, the cost base includes imputed depreciation, operational 
costs and interest costs for debt as well as a specified return on equity based on the network operator’s regulated asset base. 
The cost base in the Base Year is converted into fixed annual revenue caps reflecting both the determinable and 
non-determinable costs of operating the network as well as the consideration of an individual efficiency factor, the general 
sectoral productivity factor (“Xgen”) and the consumer price index (VPI). The individual efficiency factor is determined 
by the BNetzA for each TSO based on an efficiency benchmarking, currently of 16 German gas TSOs. This efficiency 
factor may range from 60 per cent. to 100 per cent. and describes the share of costs that is determined as efficient compared 
to the most efficient TSO (100 per cent. means full efficiency). 
During the regulatory period it is possible for network operators to achieve economic benefits through efficiency 
improvement, where the actual costs of network operation are lower than the costs considered for the admissible network 
tariffs actually charged to the customers. Nevertheless, the benefits must be passed on to the customers during the next 
regulatory period by means of reduction in the revenue cap if and to the extent that the efficiency improvements reduce the 
cost base in the next Base Year. 
With respect to the Third Regulatory Period, on 13 June 2018 the BNetzA approved the revenue cap for the Third 
Regulatory Period, which is based on costs of the Base Year 2015 and an individual efficiency factor of 100 per cent., equal 
to the efficiency factors in the First and Second Regulatory Period. With respect to the Fourth Regulatory Period, the 
process of determining the revenue cap has not yet been completed. 
For the Third Regulatory Period, the applicable return on imputed equity (the “ROE”) (for equity within the capped 
imputed equity ratio of 40 per cent) shall be, as of 1 January 2018, 6.91 per cent. (before corporate tax and after trade tax) 
for assets recorded for the first time on or after 1 January 2006 (“new assets”), and 5.12 per cent. for assets capitalised 
before 1 January 2006. Both interest rates are calculated based on the same risk assumptions, the only difference being the 
inflation rate which is only included in the 6.91 per cent. rate. Accordingly, assets capitalised before 1 January 2006 (“old 
assets”) are partially considered with their replacement values to cover inflation. On 5 October 2016, these interest rates 
were set by BNetzA equally for gas and electricity network operators. According to §7 GasNEV, the applicable return on 
imputed equity (“RoE”) for OGE’s revenue cap 2018 2022 is determined by BNetzA and calculated before corporate tax 
and after trade tax. 
On 20 October 2021, the BNetzA determined the ROE of 5.07 per cent. for new assets for both electricity and gas network 
operators. For old assets, an ROE of 3.51 per cent. has been determined. The new rates will apply from the beginning of 
the Fourth Regulatory Period 2023-2027. 
The determination of the revenue cap includes the Xgen, applicable to the cost base level that generally reduced the annual 
revenue cap by 1.25 per cent. per annum in the First Regulatory Period and 1.5 per cent. per annum in the Second 
Regulatory Period. For the Third Regulatory Period, a rate of 0.49 per cent has been determined by BNetzA. With respect 
to the Fourth Regulatory Period, the BNetzA defined data collection requirements on 7 July 2021. Accordingly, the 
required data must be submitted by the gas network operators to the BNetzA by 15 April 2022 at the latest. The start of the 
Xgen determination procedure for the Fourth Regulatory Period is expected in the second half of 2022. 
Under the regime of incentive regulation, investments required for the expansion or restructuring of the transmission 
network can be approved by BNetzA as investment measures (Investitionsmaßnahmen) according to Section 23 ARegV. 
As a result, capital costs and additional operating costs (the latter as a OPEX lump sum related to historic asset values) of 
these investments increase the annual revenue cap in the course of the regulatory periods covered by the approval. Costs 
associated with these investment measures are deemed permanently non-determinable costs and are reflected in the revenue 
cap for the time of their approval. Thereafter, the respective assets will form part of the regulatory asset base. Since 2012 
corresponding capital and operating costs of approved investment measures are directly reflected in the revenue cap without 
time lag on the basis of planned cost with subsequent settlement between planned and actual cost (“t-0” approach).

--- Page 41 ---
34 
 
 
 
 
However, the revenues earned by an investment measure in the last three years of the approval period have to be 
accumulated and given back to the market over 20 years by reducing the respective future annual revenue caps 
(“Clawback”). 
With the amendment of the ARegV on 31 July 2021, the remuneration of capital expenditures for DSO and TSO will be 
almost completely standardized. The mechanism of the yearly capital cost adjustment (“CCA”), which was already 
established for DSOs, will also be introduced for both electricity and gas TSOs from the beginning of 2023. There is a 
transition period for existing and approved investment measures until 2027. After that, the investment measure mechanism 
will expire. 
The CCA mechanism provides that the regulatory asset base for each year is increased (“CCA-Addition”) by new 
expansion and replacement investments (capex) and decreased by asset disposals and depreciation (“CCA-Reduction”). 
For the CCA-Addition, an application must be submitted by 30 June of each year. In contrast to the IMA mechanism, an 
additional allowance for OPEX is not provided for the CCA. The regulatory remuneration for capital costs is calculated 
using the adjusted asset base on an annual basis. The CCA-Reduction is fixed for the entire regulatory period and part of 
the revenue cap determination by BNetzA. 
With the amendment of the EnWG on 27 July 2021, the legislator in Germany established the first principles for the 
regulation of hydrogen networks. The amendment is intended to enable a rapid market ramp-up of hydrogen on a 
transitional basis until a corresponding European legal framework has been established. 
In addition to the EnWG amendment, the ordinance on costs and charges for access to Hydrogen Networks (“H2-NEV”) 
came into force on 1 December 2021. The ordinance provides a first framework for the calculation of the allowable network 
costs that are financed by operating hydrogen networks via network charges. The key principles for determining the 
hydrogen network costs are similar to those of gas network operators. These calculation principles apply only for operators 
of hydrogen networks who actively and irrevocably decide for regulation under these ordinances (“Opt-in regulation”). 
For hydrogen network operators who have opted for regulation, additional regulations for access and fee regulation (e.g. 
separate accounting) apply.

--- Page 42 ---
35 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular Tranche of Notes 
(the “Conditions”). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of Terms and Conditions of the Notes set forth 
below (the “Terms and Conditions”) as further specified by the provisions of the Final Terms as set out below. 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes with fixed interest rates (Fixed Rate 
Notes); 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes with floating interest rates (Floating 
Rate Notes); and 
Option III comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes without interest coupons (Zero 
Coupon Notes). 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these Options contains certain further options, which are characterised 
accordingly by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and explanatory notes set out in square 
brackets within the set of Terms and Conditions. 
In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, which of Option I, Option II or Option III including certain further options 
contained therein, respectively, shall apply with respect to an individual issue of Notes, either by replicating the relevant 
provisions or by referring to the relevant options. 
To the extent that upon the approval of the Base Prospectus the Issuer had no knowledge of certain items which are 
applicable to an individual issue of Notes, this Base Prospectus contains placeholders set out in square brackets which 
include the relevant items that will be completed by the Final Terms. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways: 
 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which of Option I, 
Option II or Option III, including certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall be applicable to the 
individual issue of Notes by replicating the relevant provisions and completing the relevant placeholders of the 
relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus. The replicated and completed provisions 
of the set of Terms and Conditions shall constitute the Conditions, which will be attached to each global note 
representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. 
 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I, Option II or Option III and of the respective 
further options contained in each of Option I, Option II or Option III are applicable to the individual issue by only 
referring to the specific sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus. The 
Final Terms will specify that the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as 
set out in the Base Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. Each global note representing a 
particular Tranche of Notes will have the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in 
the Base Prospectus attached.

--- Page 43 ---
36 
 
 
 
 
OPTION I – TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTES WITH FIXED INTEREST RATE  
(“Fixed Rate Notes”) 
§ 1 
(Currency, Denomination, Form) 
(1) 
Currency; Denomination. This Series of Notes (the “Notes”) of Vier Gas Transport GmbH (“Vier Gas” or the 
“Issuer”) is being issued in [Specified Currency] (the “Specified Currency”) in the aggregate principal amount 
[in the case the Global Note is an NGN the following applies: (subject to § 1(4))] of [Aggregate Principal 
Amount] (in words: [Aggregate Principal Amount in words]) (the “Aggregate Principal Amount”) in the 
denomination of [Specified Denomination] (the “Specified Denomination”). 
(2) 
Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
[In the case of Notes which are represented by a Permanent Global Note the following applies: 
(3) 
Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented by a permanent global note (the “Permanent Global Note” 
or the “Global Note”) without coupons. The Permanent Global Note shall be signed manually by authorised 
signatories of the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and 
interest coupons will not be issued.] 
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented by a Temporary Global Note the following applies: 
(3) 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the “Temporary Global Note”) without 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for Notes in Specified Denominations 
represented by a permanent global note (the “Permanent Global Note” and together with the Temporary 
Global Note, the “Global Notes“) without coupons. [In the case of Euroclear and CBL and if the 
Global Note is an NGN the following applies: The details of such exchange shall be entered in the 
records of the ICSDs (as defined below).] The Global Notes shall only be valid if each of them bears the 
handwritten signatures of two authorised representatives of the Issuer and the control signature of a 
person instructed by the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be issued. 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global Note on a date (the “Exchange 
Date”) not earlier than 40 days after the date of issue of the Notes. Such exchange shall only be made 
upon delivery of certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes is not a U.S. 
person (other than certain financial institutions or certain persons holding Notes through such financial 
institutions). Payment of interest on Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note will be made only 
after delivery of such certifications. A separate certification shall be required in respect of each such 
payment of interest. Any such certification received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the 
Notes will be treated as a request to exchange the Temporary Global Note pursuant to subparagraph (b) 
of this § 1(3). Any Notes delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only 
outside of the United States (as defined in § 1(6)).] 
(4) 
Clearing System. Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System until all 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. “Clearing System” means [if more than one 
Clearing System the following applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main,] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (“CBL”)] [and] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”),] [additional 
or alternative Clearing System] and any successor in such capacity. [In the case of CBL and Euroclear as 
Clearing System the following applies: “International Central Securities Depositary” or “ICSD” means each 
of CBL and Euroclear (together, the “ICSDs”).] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs and the global note is an NGN, the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in new global note (“NGN”) form and are kept in custody by a common safekeeper 
on behalf of both ICSDs. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate amount from time to time 
entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which expression means the records that each 
ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer’s interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive 
evidence of the principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement 
issued by an ICSD stating the principal amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence 
of the records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
On any redemption or interest payment being made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any of the Notes 
represented by the Global Note the Issuer shall procure that details of any redemption, payment or purchase and

--- Page 44 ---
37 
 
 
 
 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the records of the 
ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the principal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled.] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs and the global note is a CGN, the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in classical global note (“CGN”) form and are kept in custody by a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is an NGN, the following applies: On an exchange of a portion only 
of the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall 
be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs.] 
(5) 
Holder of Notes. “Holder” means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial interest or right 
in the Notes. 
(6) 
United States. For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions “United States” means the United States of 
America (including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, 
the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
§ 2 
(Status, Negative Pledge) 
(1) 
Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking 
pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, unless such obligations are accorded priority under mandatory provisions of statutory 
law. 
(2) 
Negative Pledge. So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, but only up to the time all amounts of principal 
and interest have been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer undertakes (i) not to grant or permit 
to subsist any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security Interest) over any or all of its present or future 
assets, as security for any present or future Relevant Indebtedness or any guarantee or other suretyship in respect 
of any such Relevant Indebtedness, and (ii) to procure, to the extent legally permissible, that none of its Material 
Subsidiaries will grant or permit to subsist any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security Interest) over 
any or all of its present or future assets, as security for any present or future Relevant Indebtedness or any guarantee 
or other suretyship in respect of any such Relevant Indebtedness, unless at the same time the Holders share equally 
and rateably in such security or such other security as shall be approved by an independent accounting firm of 
recognised standing as being equivalent security has been made available to Holders. 
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions, 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest in rem (dingliches 
Sicherungsrecht); 
“Permitted Security Interest” means any Security Interest securing any Relevant Indebtedness issued for the 
purpose of financing all or part of the costs of the acquisition, construction or development of any project if the 
person or persons providing such financing expressly agree to limit their recourse to the project financed and the 
revenues derived from such project as the sole source of repayment for such Relevant Indebtedness; 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, note, 
debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of being, listed, 
quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any over the 
counter market); 
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including (without 
limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in accordance 
with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment of which 
is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and

--- Page 45 ---
38 
 
 
 
 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or purchase 
agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
“Material Subsidiary” means, at any time, any Subsidiary of the Issuer which has earnings before interest, tax, 
depreciation and amortisation (calculated on the same basis as EBITDA) representing five per cent. or more of 
EBITDA or has gross assets representing five per cent., or more of the gross assets of the Group, calculated on a 
consolidated basis, as calculated by reference to the then most recent financial statements (consolidated, or as the 
case may be, unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then most recent consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, provided that if a Subsidiary has been acquired since the date as at 
which the then most recent consolidated financial statements of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole 
were prepared, the financial statements shall be adjusted in order to take into account the acquisition of that 
Subsidiary (that adjustment being certified by a director of the Issuer as representing an accurate reflection of the 
revised EBITDA or gross assets, as the case may be, of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole); 
“Subsidiary” means an entity of which a person owns directly or indirectly more than 50 per cent. of the voting 
issued share capital (or similar right ownership). For the avoidance of doubt, this definition of Subsidiary shall 
not capture any Pipeline Company; 
“Pipeline Company” means any company that owns gas pipeline systems in which a member of the Group has a 
direct or indirect interest; 
“EBITDA” means earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization – but including income from equity 
investments and income from companies accounted for using the equity method – and is reconcilable to the 
consolidated income statement. 
§ 3 
(Interest) 
(1) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. The Notes shall bear interest on their principal amount at the rate 
of [Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum from (and including) [Interest Commencement Date] to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date (as defined in § 5(1)). Interest shall be payable in arrear on [Interest Payment 
Date(s)] in each year (each such date, an “Interest Payment Date”). The first payment of interest shall be made 
on [First Interest Payment Date] [if the First Interest Payment Date is not the first anniversary of the 
Interest Commencement Date the following applies: and will amount to [Initial Broken Amount per 
Specified Denomination] per Specified Denomination.] [If Maturity Date is not an Interest Payment Date the 
following applies: Interest in respect of the period from (and including) [last Interest Payment Date preceding 
the Maturity Date] to (but excluding) the Maturity Date will amount to [Final Broken Amount per Specified 
Denomination] per Specified Denomination.] 
(2) 
Late Payments. If the Issuer for any reason fails to render any payment of principal in respect of the Notes when 
due, interest shall continue to accrue at the default rate of interest established by statutory law3 on the outstanding 
amount from (and including) the due date to (but excluding) the day on which such payment is made to the 
Holders. 
(3) 
Calculation of Interest for Periods of less than one Year. If interest is to be calculated for a period of less than 
one year, it shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined below). [If the Specified 
Currency is Euro and if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is applicable the following applies: The number of Interest 
Payment Dates per calendar year (each a “Determination Date”) is [number of regular Interest Payment Dates 
per calendar year].] 
(4) 
Day Count Fraction. “Day Count Fraction” means with regard to the calculation of the amount of interest on 
the Notes for any period of time (the “Calculation Period”): 
[If the Specified Currency is Euro and if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is applicable the following applies: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period (from and including the first day of such period but excluding the last) is equal 
to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Calculation Period ends, the number of days 
in such Calculation Period (from and including the first day of such period but excluding the last) divided 
by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in § 3(3)) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
                                              
3 The default rate of interest established by statutory law is five percentage points above the basis rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank 
from time to time, Sections 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch)

--- Page 46 ---
39 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than the Determination Period during which the Calculation Period 
ends, the sum of: (A) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Calculation Period begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in § 3(3)) and (B) the 
number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period divided by the product 
of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in § 3(3)) that would occur in one calendar year. 
“Determination Period” means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to, (but excluding) the next 
Determination Date.] 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis the following applies: the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day 
months (unless (A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that 
last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is 
the last day of the month of February in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened 
to a 30-day month).] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the following applies: the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, 
without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
§ 4 
(Payments) 
(1) 
 
(a) 
Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect of the Notes shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on the Notes shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System. 
[In the case of interest payable on a Temporary Global Note the following applies: Payment of interest on 
Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing System, upon due 
certification as provided in § 1(3)(b).] 
(2) 
Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of amounts due in 
respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
(3) 
Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) 
Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment Business 
Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next such day in the relevant place and shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
For these purposes, “Payment Business Day” means any day which is 
[In the case the Notes are not denominated in Euro the following applies: a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [relevant financial 
center(s)][.][and]] 
[In the case the Clearing System and TARGET2 shall be open the following applies: a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing System as well as all relevant parts of the Trans European Automated 
Real time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system (TARGET2) are operational to forward the relevant 
payment]. 
(5) 
References to Principal and Interest. References in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; the Early Redemption 
Amount of the Notes; [if the Notes are redeemable at the option of the Issuer for other than tax reasons or

--- Page 47 ---
40 
 
 
 
 
reasons of minimal outstanding principal amount the following applies: the Call Redemption Amount of the 
Notes;] [if the Notes are redeemable at the option of the Holder the following applies: the Put Redemption 
Amount of the Notes;] and any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or in respect of the 
Notes. References in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any Additional Amounts which may be payable under § 7. 
(6) 
Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit with the competent authority (Hinterlegungsstelle) at 
the seat of the Issuer (at the time of issuance of the Notes the local court (Amtsgericht) in Essen) principal or 
interest not claimed by Holders within twelve months after the Maturity Date, even though such Holders may not 
be in default of acceptance of payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is effected and the right of withdrawal 
is waived, the respective claims of such Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
§ 5 
(Redemption) 
(1) 
Final Redemption. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and cancelled, the Notes shall 
be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [Maturity Date] (the “Maturity Date”). The “Final 
Redemption Amount” in respect of each Note shall be its principal amount. 
(2) 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein 
affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official 
interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or change is effective on or after the 
date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was issued, the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts 
(as defined in § 7 herein) on the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (as defined in § 3(1)), and this obligation 
cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer, the Notes may be redeemed, in whole 
but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon not more than 60 days’ nor less than 30 days’ prior notice of 
redemption given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § 13 to the Holders, at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as defined below), together with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption (excluding). 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due, 
or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts does not remain in 
effect. 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § 13. It shall be irrevocable, must specify the date fixed for 
redemption and must set forth a statement in summary form of the facts constituting the basis for the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for Reasons of Minimal Outstanding 
Principal Amount, the following applies: 
(3) 
[Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for Reasons of Minimal Outstanding Principal Amount.] 
If 80 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed or purchased by the 
Issuer or any Subsidiary pursuant to the provisions of this § 5 or otherwise (a “Clean-up Call Event”), the Issuer 
may, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § 13 to the 
Holders of Notes, redeem, at its option, the remaining Notes as a whole at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
defined below) plus interest accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at specified Call Redemption Amounts the 
following applies: 
(4) 
[Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at specific Call Redemption Dates, the following applies: 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), redeem all or some only of the Notes 
at the Call Redemption Date(s) at the Call Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the relevant redemption date.

--- Page 48 ---
41 
 
 
 
 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
[Call Redemption Date(s)] 
[Call 
Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[●]………………………………………………………………………………………………………. 
[●] 
[●]………………………………………………………………………………………………………. 
[●]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at specific Call Redemption Periods, the following applies: 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), redeem all or some only of the Notes 
within the Call Redemption Period(s) at the Call Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the relevant redemption date. 
Call Redemption Period(s) 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
[Call Redemption Period(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[●]………………………………………………………………………………………………………… 
[●] 
[●]………………………………………………………………………………………………………… 
[●]] 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the following applies: The Issuer may not 
exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to 
require the redemption of such Note under subparagraph [(6)] of this § 5.] 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 13. 
Such notice shall specify: 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part only, the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
(iii) 
the relevant redemption date, which shall be not less than [Minimum Notice to Holders] nor 
more than [Maximum Notice to Holders] days after the date on which notice is given by the 
Issuer to the Holders; and 
(iv) 
the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with 
the rules of the relevant Clearing System. [In the case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: 
For technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of a partial redemption the outstanding principal amount 
following such partial redemption will be reflected in the records of the ICSDs as either a reduction in 
nominal amount or as a pool factor, at the discretion of the ICSDs.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Make Whole Redemption Amount the 
following applies: 
(5) 
[Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer.] 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), at any time redeem all or some only of 
the Notes (each a “Call Redemption Date”) at the Early Redemption Amount (as defined below) 
together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the relevant Call Redemption Date. 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the following applies: 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the 
Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note under subparagraph [(6)] of this § 5.] 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 13. 
Such notice shall specify: 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part only, the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; and

--- Page 49 ---
42 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not less than [Minimum Notice to Holders] nor 
more than [Maximum Notice to Holders] days after the date on which notice is given by the 
Issuer to the Holders. 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with 
the rules of the relevant Clearing System. [In the case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: 
For technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of a partial redemption the outstanding principal amount 
following such partial redemption will be reflected in the records of the ICSDs as either a reduction in 
nominal amount or as a pool factor, at the discretion of the ICSDs.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the following applies: 
(6) 
[Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder.] 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note, redeem such Note on the Put Redemption 
Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with accrued interest, if any, to (but 
excluding) the Put Redemption Date. 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
[Put Redemption Date(s)] 
[Put Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[●]………………………………………………………………………………………………………… 
[●] 
[●]………………………………………………………………………………………………………… 
[●] 
The Holder may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise 
by the Issuer of any of its options to redeem such Note under this § 5. 
(b) 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than [Minimum Notice to Issuer] nor more 
than [Maximum Notice to Issuer] days before the Put Redemption Date on which such redemption is 
required to be made as specified in the Put Redemption Notice (as defined below), submit during normal 
business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent a duly completed early redemption notice (“Put 
Redemption Notice”) in the form available from the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying 
Agents. The Put Redemption Notice must specify (i) the principal amount of the Notes in respect of 
which such option is exercised, and (ii) the securities identification number of such Notes, if any. No 
option so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. The Issuer shall only be required to redeem Notes in 
respect of which such option is exercised against delivery of such Notes to the Issuer or to its order.] 
(7) 
[Early Redemption Amount.] 
(a) 
For purposes of subparagraph (2) [and (3)] of this § 5 and § 9, the “Early Redemption Amount” of a 
Note shall be its principal amount. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Make Whole Redemption Amount the 
following applies: 
(b) 
For purposes of subparagraph [(5)] of this § 5, the Make Whole Redemption Amount of a Note shall be 
the higher of (i) its Final Redemption Amount and (ii) the Present Value. The “Present Value” will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by discounting the sum of the principal amount of a Note and the 
remaining interest payments to [the Maturity Date] on an annual basis, assuming a 365-day year or a 
366-day year, as the case may be, and the actual number of days elapsed in such year and using the 
Comparable Benchmark Yield plus [percentage] per cent. “Comparable Benchmark Yield” means the 
yield at the Redemption Calculation Date on the corresponding [euro denominated benchmark debt 
security of the Federal Republic of Germany] [other relevant benchmark security] [due [maturity], 
carrying ISIN [ISIN], or, if such benchmark security is no longer outstanding on the Redemption 
Calculation Date, such other comparable benchmark security selected as appropriate by the Calculation 
Agent], [as daily published by the Deutsche Bundesbank on its website www.bundesbank.de,][as 
appearing around [relevant time] on [relevant screen page]], or, if such yield cannot be so determined, 
the yield determined as aforesaid as appearing or published on such other comparable page or pricing 
source (or, if applicable, at such other time on the Redemption Calculation Date) as may be considered 
to be appropriate by the Calculation Agent, in each case as having a maturity comparable to the remaining 
term of the Note to [the Maturity Date], that would be used at the time of selection and in accordance 
with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable 
maturity to [the Maturity Date]. “Redemption Calculation Date” means the third Payment Business 
Day prior to the relevant Call Redemption Date.]

--- Page 50 ---
43 
 
 
 
 
§ 6 
(The Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the Paying Agent [and the Calculation Agent]) 
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Fiscal Agent and the initial Paying Agent and its initial specified 
office shall be: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Calculation Agent: [name and specified office]] 
The Fiscal Agent [,][and] the Paying Agents [and the Calculation Agent] reserve the right at any time to change 
their respective specified offices to some other specified office in the same country. 
(2) 
Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent [or the Calculation Agent] and to appoint another Fiscal 
Agent or additional or other Paying Agents [or another Calculation Agent]. The Issuer shall at all times maintain 
(i) a Fiscal Agent [in the case of Notes listed on a stock exchange (the “Stock Exchange”) the following 
applies: [,] [and] (ii) so long as the Notes are listed on the [name of Stock Exchange], a Paying Agent (which 
may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in [location of Stock Exchange] and/or in such other place as 
may be required by the rules of such stock exchange] [and] [,] [(iii)] a Paying Agent in an EU member state, if 
possible, that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax in connection with any payment made in relation to 
the Notes unless the Paying Agent would be so obliged in each other EU Member State if it were located there, 
[in the case of payments in United States dollar the following applies: [and] [(iv)] if payments at or through 
the offices of all Paying Agents outside the United States (as defined in § 1(6)) become illegal or are effectively 
precluded because of the imposition of exchange controls or similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of 
such amounts in United States dollar, a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City], [and] [(v)] a 
Calculation Agent [if Calculation Agent is required to maintain a Specified Office in a Required Location 
the following applies: with a specified office located in [Required Location]]. Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate 
effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in 
accordance with § 13. 
(3) 
Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent [,][and] the Paying Agents [and the Calculation Agent] act solely as the 
agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for any Holder. 
§ 7 
(Taxation) 
All payments of principal and interest made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes to the Holders shall be made free 
and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by way of deduction or withholding by or on behalf of the Federal Republic of Germany or any 
political subdivision or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax (the “Taxing Jurisdiction”), unless 
such deduction or withholding is required by law. In that event the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts (the 
“Additional Amounts”) as shall result in receipt by the Holders of such amounts as would have been received by 
them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no Additional Amounts shall be payable 
with respect to 
(a) 
German capital gains tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) (including settlement tax (Abgeltungsteuer)) to be 
deducted or withheld pursuant to the German Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz), even if the 
deduction or withholding has to be made by the Issuer or its representative, and the German solidarity 
surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) or any other tax which may substitute the German capital gains tax or 
solidarity surcharge, as the case may be; or 
(b) 
any taxes that are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf of a 
Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or withholding by the Issuer 
from payments of principal or interest made by it; or 
(c) 
payments to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder where such Holder (or a fiduciary, settlor, 
beneficiary, member or shareholder of such Holder, if such Holder is an estate, a trust, a partnership or a 
corporation) is liable to such withholding or deduction by reason of having some present or former

--- Page 51 ---
44 
 
 
 
 
connection with Germany, including, without limitation, such Holder (or such fiduciary, settlor, 
beneficiary, member or shareholder) being or having been a citizen or resident thereof or being or having 
been engaged in a trade or business or present therein or having, or having had, a permanent establishment 
therein, other than by reason only of the holding of such Note or the receipt of the relevant payment in 
respect thereof or the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of taxation are deemed 
to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in, the Federal Republic of Germany; or 
(d) 
payments to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder where no such withholding or deduction would 
have been required to be made if the Notes were credited at the time of payment to a securities deposit 
account with a bank, financial services institution, securities trading business or securities trading bank, 
in each case outside Germany; or 
(e) 
payments where such withholding or deduction is imposed pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive 
or Regulation concerning the taxation of savings, or (ii) any international treaty or understanding relating 
to such taxation and to which Germany or the European Union is a party/are parties, or (iii) any provision 
of law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, Regulation, 
treaty or understanding; or 
(f) 
payments to the extent such withholding or deduction is payable by or on behalf of a Holder who could 
lawfully mitigate (but has not so mitigated) such withholding or deduction by complying or procuring 
that any third party complies with any statutory requirements or by making or procuring that a third party 
makes a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to any tax authority in the 
place where the payment is effected; or 
(g) 
payments to the extent such withholding or deduction is payable by or on behalf of a Holder who would 
have been able to mitigate such withholding or deduction by effecting a payment via another Paying 
Agent in a member state of the European Union, not obliged to withhold or deduct tax; or 
(h) 
payments to the extent such withholding or deduction is for or on account of the presentation by the 
Holder of any Note for payment on a date more than 30 days after the date upon which presentation may 
first be made hereunder; or 
(i) 
payments to the extent such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Internal Revenue Code”), any current or 
future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to 
Section 1471(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices 
adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation 
of such Sections of the Internal Revenue Code; or 
(j) 
payments which are to be withheld or deducted from any payment to be made to a Holder residing in a 
non-cooperative country or territory (nicht kooperatives Steuerhoheitsgebiet) within the meaning of the 
act to prevent tax evasion and unfair tax competition (Steueroasen-Abwehrgesetz) as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including any ordinance (Verordnung) enacted based on this act); or 
(k) 
any combination of items (a)-(j); 
nor shall any Additional Amounts be paid with respect to any payment on a Note to a Holder who is a fiduciary 
or partnership or who is other than the sole beneficial owner of such payment to the extent such payment would 
be required by the laws of the Taxing Jurisdiction to be included in the income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary 
or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a beneficial owner who would not 
have been entitled to such Additional Amounts had such beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner been 
the Holder of the Note. 
§ 8 
(Presentation Period) 
The presentation period provided in Section 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 9 
(Events of Default) 
(1) 
Events of default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare due and payable by notice to the Fiscal Agent its entire 
claims arising from the Notes and demand immediate redemption thereof at the Early Redemption Amount (as

--- Page 52 ---
45 
 
 
 
 
described in § 5 [(7)](a)), together with accrued interest (if any) to (but excluding) the date of repayment, in the 
event that: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest under the Notes within 30 days from the relevant due date, or 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to duly perform any other material obligation arising from the Notes and such failure 
continues unremedied for more than 30 days after the Fiscal Agent has received a request thereof in the 
manner set forth in § 9(3) from a Holder to perform such obligation; or 
(c) 
(i) any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes prematurely 
repayable as a result of a default in respect of the terms thereof, or (ii) the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries fails to fulfil any payment obligation under any Relevant Indebtedness or under any 
guarantees or suretyships given for any Relevant Indebtedness of others within 30 days from its due date 
or, in the case of such guarantee or suretyship, within 30 days of such guarantee or suretyship being 
invoked, given that the obligations under (i) and (ii) above exceed 2 per cent. of the balance sheet total 
of the Issuer, as stated in its latest consolidated balance sheet drawn up in accordance with IFRS and 
unless the Issuer or its relevant Material Subsidiary contests in good faith that such payment obligation 
exists or is due or that such guarantee or suretyship has been validly invoked or if a security granted 
therefor is enforced on behalf of or by the creditor(s) entitled thereto; or 
(d) 
the Issuer announces its inability to meet its financial obligations or ceases its payments generally; or 
(e) 
a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer and such proceedings are instituted and have not 
been discharged or stayed within 90 days, or the Issuer applies for or institutes such proceedings; or 
(f) 
the Issuer enters into liquidation unless this is done in connection with a merger (Verschmelzung) or other 
form of transformation under the German Transformation Act (Umwandlungsgesetz) or other form of 
combination with another company and such company assumes all obligations contracted by the Issuer 
in connection with the Notes; or 
(g) 
any governmental order, decree or enactment shall be made in or by the Federal Republic of Germany 
whereby the Issuer is prevented from observing and performing in full its obligations as set forth in these 
Terms and Conditions and this situation is not cured within 90 days. 
(2) 
No Termination. The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been cured 
before the right is exercised. 
(3) 
Notice. Any default notice in accordance with § 9(1) shall be made by means of a declaration at least in text form 
(Section 126b of the German Civil Code, Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) delivered to the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent together with evidence by means of a certificate of the Holder’s Custodian (as defined in § 14(3)) that such 
Holder, at the time of such notice, is a holder of the relevant Notes. 
(4) 
Quorum. In the events specified in subparagraph (1)(c) and/or (d), any notice declaring Notes due shall, unless 
at the time such notice is received any of the events specified in subparagraph (1)(a), (b) and (e) through (g) 
entitling Holders to declare their Notes due has occurred, become effective only when the Fiscal Agent has 
received such default notices from the Holders representing at least 25 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount 
of Notes then outstanding. 
§ 10 
(Substitution) 
(1) 
Substitution. The Issuer (reference to which shall always include any previous Substitute Debtor (as defined 
below)) may, at any time, if no payment of principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, without the 
consent of the Holders, substitute for the Issuer any Affiliate (as defined below) of the Issuer as the principal 
debtor in respect of all obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes (any such company, the 
“Substitute Debtor”), provided that: 
(a) 
the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and is in a position to 
fulfil all payment obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes in the Specified Currency 
without, subject to subparagraph (1)(e) below, the necessity of any taxes or duties levied by the country 
or jurisdiction in which the Substitute Debtor is domiciled (other than taxes which would also be levied 
in the absence of such substitution) to be withheld or deducted at source and to transfer all amounts which 
are required therefore to the Paying Agent without any restrictions, and that in particular all necessary 
authorizations to this effect by any competent authority have been obtained, and, to the extent service of

--- Page 53 ---
46 
 
 
 
 
process must be effected to the Substitute Debtor outside of Germany, a service of process agent in 
Germany is appointed; 
(b) 
the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees in favour of each Holder the payment of all sums 
payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes on market standard terms for debt issuance 
programmes of investment grade rated guarantors and taking into account the Terms and Conditions (the 
“Substitution Guarantee”); 
(c) 
the Substitute Debtor and the Issuer have obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals 
and consents for such substitution and for providing of the Substitution Guarantee by the Issuer in respect 
of the obligations of the Substitute Debtor, that the Substitute Debtor has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the performance by the Substitute Debtor of its 
obligations under the Notes, and that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect and that 
the obligations assumed by the Substitute Debtor and the Substitution Guarantee provided by the Issuer 
are each valid and binding in accordance with their respective terms and enforceable by each Holder; 
(d) 
§ 9 shall be deemed to be amended so that it shall also be an event of default under such provision if the 
Substitution Guarantee shall cease to be valid or binding on or enforceable against the Issuer; 
(e) 
the Substitute Debtor undertakes to reimburse any Holder for such taxes, fees or duties which may be 
imposed upon such Holder in connection with any payments on the Notes (including taxes or duties being 
deducted or withheld at source), upon conversion or otherwise, as a consequence of the assumption of 
the Issuer’s obligations by the Substitute Debtor, provided that such undertaking shall be limited to 
amounts that would not have been imposed upon the Holder had such substitution not occurred; and 
(f) 
there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent one opinion for each jurisdiction affected of lawyers 
of recognised standing to the effect that subparagraphs (a) through (e) above have been satisfied. 
For purposes of this § 10, “Affiliate” shall mean any affiliated company (verbundenes Unternehmen) within the 
meaning of Sections 15 et seqq. of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) held by the Issuer. 
(2) 
Discharge from Obligations. References. Upon a substitution in accordance with this § 10, the Substitute Debtor 
shall be deemed to be named in the Notes as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer as issuer and the Notes 
shall thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution including that the relevant jurisdiction 
in relation to the Issuer in § 7 shall be the Substitute Debtor’s country of domicile for tax purposes. Furthermore, 
in the event of such substitution the following shall apply: 
(a) 
in § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative reference to the Federal Republic of Germany shall be deemed to have 
been included in addition to the reference according to the preceding sentence to the country of domicile 
or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor; 
(b) 
in § 9(1)(c) to (g) an alternative reference to the Issuer in its capacity as guarantor shall be deemed to 
have been included in addition to the reference to the Substitute Debtor. 
Any such substitution, together with the notice referred to in subparagraph (3) below, shall, in the case of the 
substitution of any other company as principal debtor, operate to release the Issuer as issuer from all of its 
obligations as principal debtor in respect of the Notes. 
(3) 
Notification to Holders. Not later than 15 Payment Business Days after effecting the substitution, the Substitute 
Debtor shall give notice thereof to the Holders and, if any Notes are listed on any stock exchange, to such stock 
exchange in accordance with § 13 and to any other person or authority as required by applicable laws or 
regulations. 
§ 11 
(Further Issues, Purchases and Cancellation) 
(1) 
Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, issue further Notes having 
the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the settlement date, interest 
commencement date and/or issue price) so as to form a single Series with the Notes. 
(2) 
Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price. Notes 
purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for 
cancellation. If purchases are made by tender, tenders for such Notes must be made available to all Holders of 
such Notes alike. 
(3) 
Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold.

--- Page 54 ---
47 
 
 
 
 
§ 12 
(Amendments of the Terms and Conditions by Resolutions of Holders, Joint Representative) 
(1) 
Resolutions of Holders. The Holders may with consent of the Issuer (if required) by a majority resolution 
pursuant to Section 5 et seqq. of the German Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen 
aus Gesamtemissionen) (the “SchVG”), as amended from time to time, agree to amendments of the Terms and 
Conditions or resolve any other matters provided for by the SchVG. In particular, the Holders may consent to 
amendments which materially change the substance of the Terms and Conditions, including such measures as 
provided for under Section 5 paragraph 3 SchVG by resolutions passed by such majority of the votes of the 
Holders as stated under § 12(2) below. A duly passed majority resolution shall be binding upon all Holders. 
(2) 
Majority. Except as provided by the following sentence and provided that the quorum requirements are being 
met, the Holders may pass resolutions by simple majority of the voting rights participating in the vote. Resolutions 
which materially change the substance of the Terms and Conditions, in particular in the cases of Section 5 
paragraph 3 numbers 1 through 9 SchVG, or relating to material other matters may only be passed by a majority 
of at least 75 per cent. of the voting rights participating in the vote (a “Qualified Majority”). 
(3) 
Passing of resolutions. The Holders can pass resolutions in a meeting (Gläubigerversammlung) in accordance 
with Section 5 et seqq. of the SchVG or by means of a vote without a meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) 
in accordance with Section 18 and Section 5 et seqq. of the SchVG. 
(4) 
Holders’ meeting. If resolutions of the Holders shall be made by means of a meeting the convening notice will 
provide for further details relating to the resolutions and the voting procedure. The subject matter of the vote as 
well as the proposed resolutions shall be notified to the Holders together with the convening notice. Attendance 
at the meeting and exercise of voting rights is subject to the Holders’ registration. The registration must be received 
at the address stated in the convening notice no later than the third day preceding the meeting. As part of the 
registration, Holders must demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the vote by means of a special confirmation 
of the Custodian (as defined in § 14 (3)) in accordance with § 14(3)(i)(a) and (b) hereof in text form and by 
submission of a blocking instruction by the Custodian stating that the relevant Notes are not transferable from and 
including the day such registration has been sent until and including the stated end of the meeting. 
(5) 
Vote without a meeting. Together with casting their votes, Holders must demonstrate their eligibility to 
participate in the vote by means of a special confirmation of the Custodian in accordance with § 14(3)(i)(a) and 
(b) hereof in text form and by submission of a blocking instruction by the Custodian stating that the relevant Notes 
are not transferable from and including the day such votes have been cast until and including the day the voting 
period ends. 
(6) 
Second meeting. If it is ascertained that no quorum exists for the meeting pursuant to § 12(4) or the vote without 
a meeting pursuant to § 12(4), in case of a meeting the chairman may convene a second meeting in accordance 
with Section 15 paragraph 3 sentence 2 of the SchVG or in case of a vote without a meeting the scrutineer may 
convene a second meeting within the meaning of Section 15 paragraph 3 sentence 3 of the SchVG. Attendance at 
the second meeting and exercise of voting rights is subject to the Holders’ registration. The provisions set out in 
§ 12(4) shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Holders’ registration for a second meeting. 
(7) 
Holders’ representative. [If no Holders’ Representative is designated in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
the following applies: The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common representative to exercise the 
Holders’ rights on behalf of each Holder (the “Holders’ Representative”). 
The Holders’ Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority resolution 
of the Holders. The Holders’ Representative shall comply with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that 
the Holders’ Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, the Holders shall not be 
entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The 
Holders’ Representative shall provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply 
with regard to the recall and the other rights and obligations of the Holders’ Representative.] 
[If the Holders’ Representative is appointed in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the following applies: 
The joint representative (the “Holders’ Representative” shall be [name and address]. The Holders’ 
Representative shall have the duties and responsibilities and powers provided for by law. The liability of the 
Holders’ Representative shall be limited to ten times of the amount of its annual remuneration, unless the Holders’ 
Representative has acted wilfully or with gross negligence. The provisions of the SchVG apply with respect to the 
dismissal of the Holders’ Representative and the other rights and obligations of the Holders’ Representative.] 
(8) 
Publication. Any notices concerning this § 12 shall be made exclusively pursuant to the provisions of the SchVG.

--- Page 55 ---
48 
 
 
 
 
(9) 
Amendments of guarantees. The provisions set out above applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis 
to any guarantee provided in relation to the Notes. 
§ 13 
(Notices) 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following applies: 
(1) 
Publication. Subject to § 12 (8), all notices concerning the Notes will be made by means of electronic publication 
on the internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Any notice will be deemed to have 
been validly given on the third day following the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the 
third day following the date of the first such publication). 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System. So long as any Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, subparagraph (1) shall apply. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange otherwise so permit, the 
Issuer may deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on a stock exchange other than on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange the following applies: 
(1) 
Publication. Subject to § 12 (8), all notices concerning the Notes will be made by means of electronic publication 
on the internet website of the stock exchange with respect to which the Issuer applied for listing of the Notes, if 
the rules of such stock exchange so permit. Any such notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the 
third day following the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day following the 
date of the first such publication). 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System. So long as any Notes are listed on such a stock exchange, subparagraph (1) 
shall apply. If the rules of such stock exchange otherwise so permit, the Issuer may deliver the relevant notice to 
the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth 
in subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the seventh day after the day 
on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted the following applies: 
Notification to Clearing System. Subject to § 12 (8), the Issuer will deliver all notices to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders 
on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
§ 14 
(Applicable Law, Place of Jurisdiction and Enforcement) 
(1) 
Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders and the Issuer, 
shall be governed in every respect by German law. 
(2) 
Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main shall have non-exclusive 
jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings (“Proceedings”) arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes. 
(3) 
Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any proceedings against the Issuer or to which such Holder and the 
Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own name his rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (a) a 
statement issued by the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes 
(i) stating the full name and address of the Holder, (ii) specifying the aggregate principal amount of Notes credited 
to such securities account on the date of such statement and (iii) confirming that the Custodian has given written 
notice to the Clearing System containing the information pursuant to (i) and (ii) which has been confirmed by the 
Clearing System; (b) a copy of the Note in global form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer 
of the Clearing System or a depositary of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such proceedings 
of the actual records or the global note representing the Notes or (c) any other means of proof permitted in legal 
proceedings in the country of enforcement. For purposes of the foregoing, “Custodian” means any bank or other 
financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities custody business with which the 
Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and which maintains an account with the Clearing 
System, and includes the Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce his rights under these Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the Proceedings.

--- Page 56 ---
49 
 
 
 
 
§ 15 
(Language) 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language only.

--- Page 57 ---
50 
 
 
 
 
OPTION II – TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTES WITH FLOATING INTEREST RATE  
(“Floating Rate Notes”) 
§ 1 
(Currency, Denomination, Form) 
(1) 
Currency; Denomination. This Series of Notes (the “Notes”) of Vier Gas Transport GmbH (“Vier Gas” or the 
“Issuer”) is being issued in [Specified Currency] (the “Specified Currency”) in the aggregate principal amount 
[in the case the Global Note is an NGN the following applies: (subject to § 1(4))] of [Aggregate Principal 
Amount] (in words: [Aggregate Principal Amount in words]) (the “Aggregate Principal Amount”) in the 
denomination of [Specified Denomination] (the “Specified Denomination”). 
(2) 
Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
[In the case of Notes which are represented by a Permanent Global Note the following applies: 
(3) 
Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented by a permanent global note (the “Permanent Global Note” 
or the “Global Note”) without coupons. The Permanent Global Note shall be signed manually by authorised 
signatories of the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and 
interest coupons will not be issued.] 
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented by a Temporary Global Note the following applies: 
(3) 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the “Temporary Global Note” without 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for Notes in Specified Denominations 
represented by a permanent global note (the “Permanent Global Note” and together with the Temporary 
Global Note, the “Global Notes”) without coupons. [In the case of Euroclear and CBL and if the 
Global Note is an NGN the following applies: The details of such exchange shall be entered in the 
records of the ICSDs (as defined below).] The Global Notes shall only be valid if each of them bears the 
handwritten signatures of two authorised representatives of the Issuer and the control signature of a 
person instructed by the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be issued. 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global Note on a date (the “Exchange 
Date”) not earlier than 40 days after the date of issue of the Notes. Such exchange shall only be made 
upon delivery of certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes is not a U.S. 
person (other than certain financial institutions or certain persons holding Notes through such financial 
institutions). Payment of interest on Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note will be made only 
after delivery of such certifications. A separate certification shall be required in respect of each such 
payment of interest. Any such certification received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the 
Notes will be treated as a request to exchange the Temporary Global Note pursuant to subparagraph (b) 
of this § 1(3). Any Notes delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only 
outside of the United States (as defined in § 1(6)).] 
(4) 
Clearing System. Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System until all 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. “Clearing System” means [if more than one 
Clearing System the following applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main,] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (“CBL”)] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”),] [additional or 
alternative Clearing System] and any successor in such capacity. [In the case of CBL and Euroclear as Clearing 
System the following applies: “International Central Securities Depositary” or “ICSD” means each of CBL 
and Euroclear (together, the “ICSDs”).] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs and the global note is an NGN, the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in new global note (“NGN”) form and are kept in custody by a common safekeeper 
on behalf of both ICSDs. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate amount from time to time 
entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which expression means the records that each 
ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer’s interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive 
evidence of the principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement 
issued by an ICSD stating the principal amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence 
of the records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
On any redemption or interest payment being made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any of the Notes 
represented by the Global Note the Issuer shall procure that details of any redemption, payment or purchase and

--- Page 58 ---
51 
 
 
 
 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the records of the 
ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the principal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled.] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs and the global note is a CGN, the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in classical global note (“CGN”) form and are kept in custody by a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is an NGN, the following applies: On an exchange of a portion only 
of the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall 
be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs.] 
(5) 
Holder of Notes. “Holder” means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial interest or right 
in the Notes. 
(6) 
United States. For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions “United States” means the United States of 
America (including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, 
the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
§ 2 
(Status, Negative Pledge) 
(1) 
Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking 
pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, unless such obligations are accorded priority under mandatory provisions of statutory 
law. 
(2) 
Negative Pledge. So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, but only up to the time all amounts of principal 
and interest have been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer undertakes (i) not to grant or permit 
to subsist any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security Interest) over any or all of its present or future 
assets, as security for any present or future Relevant Indebtedness or any guarantee or other suretyship in respect 
of any such Relevant Indebtedness, and (ii) to procure, to the extent legally permissible, that none of its Material 
Subsidiaries will grant or permit to subsist any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security Interest) over 
any or all of its present or future assets, as security for any present or future Relevant Indebtedness or any guarantee 
or other suretyship in respect of any such Relevant Indebtedness, unless at the same time the Holders share equally 
and rateably in such security or such other security as shall be approved by an independent accounting firm of 
recognised standing as being equivalent security has been made available to Holders. 
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions, 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest in rem (dingliches 
Sicherungsrecht); 
“Permitted Security Interest” means any Security Interest securing any Relevant Indebtedness issued for the 
purpose of financing all or part of the costs of the acquisition, construction or development of any project if the 
person or persons providing such financing expressly agree to limit their recourse to the project financed and the 
revenues derived from such project as the sole source of repayment for such Relevant Indebtedness; 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, note, 
debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of being, listed, 
quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any over the 
counter market); 
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including (without 
limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in accordance 
with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment of which 
is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and

--- Page 59 ---
52 
 
 
 
 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or purchase 
agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
“Material Subsidiary” means, at any time, any Subsidiary of the Issuer which has earnings before interest, tax, 
depreciation and amortisation (calculated on the same basis as EBITDA) representing five per cent. or more of 
EBITDA or has gross assets representing five per cent., or more of the gross assets of the Group, calculated on a 
consolidated basis, as calculated by reference to the then most recent financial statements (consolidated, or as the 
case may be, unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then most recent consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, provided that if a Subsidiary has been acquired since the date as at 
which the then most recent consolidated financial statements of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole 
were prepared, the financial statements shall be adjusted in order to take into account the acquisition of that 
Subsidiary (that adjustment being certified by a director of the Issuer as representing an accurate reflection of the 
revised EBITDA or gross assets, as the case may be, of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole); 
“Subsidiary” means an entity of which a person owns directly or indirectly more than 50 per cent. of the voting 
issued share capital (or similar right ownership). For the avoidance of doubt, this definition of Subsidiary shall 
not capture any Pipeline Company; 
“Pipeline Company” means any company that owns gas pipeline systems in which a member of the Group has a 
direct or indirect interest; 
“EBITDA” means earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization – but including income from equity 
investments and income from companies accounted for using the equity method – and is reconcilable to the 
consolidated income statement. 
§ 3 
(Interest) 
(1) 
Interest Payment Dates. 
(a) 
The Notes shall bear interest on their principal amount from [Interest Commencement Date] (inclusive) 
(the “Interest Commencement Date”) to the first Interest Payment Date (exclusive) and thereafter from 
each Interest Payment Date (inclusive) to the next following Interest Payment Date (exclusive). Interest 
on the Notes shall be payable on each Interest Payment Date. 
(b) 
“Interest Payment Date” means 
[In case of Specified Interest Payment Dates the following applies: each [Specified Interest Payment 
Dates].] 
[In case of Specified Interest Periods the following applies: each date which (except as otherwise 
provided in these Terms and Conditions) falls [number] [weeks] [months] after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.] 
(c) 
If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day (as defined 
below), it shall be: 
[In case of the Modified Following Business Day Convention the following applies: postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event the payment date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[In case of the FRN Convention the following applies: postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event the Interest Payment Date 
shall be the immediately preceding Business Day, and each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be 
the day that numerically corresponds to the preceding Interest Payment Date in the calendar month that 
falls [number] months after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date for the Notes, the Issue Date, except that (a) if there is not any such numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which the relevant Interest Payment Date should occur, then 
the Interest Payment Date will be the last day that is a Business Day in that month, (b) if the relevant 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then the Interest Payment 
Date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, 
in which case the Interest Payment Date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day, and (c) if 
the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred on the last day in a calendar month that was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent applicable Interest Payment Dates prior to the Maturity Date (as

--- Page 60 ---
53 
 
 
 
 
defined in § 5 (1)) will be the last day that is a Business Day in the month that falls [number] months 
after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date.] 
[In case of the Following Business Day Convention (“Following Business Day Convention”) the 
following applies: postponed to the next day which is a Business Day.] 
[In case of the Preceding Business Day Convention (“Preceding Business Day Convention”) the 
following applies: the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
For these purposes, “Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
[In case the Notes are not denominated in Euro, the following applies: on which commercial banks 
are generally open for business in, and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [relevant financial 
centre(s)]][.][and] 
[In case the Clearing System and TARGET shall be operational, the following applies: on which 
the Clearing System as well as all relevant parts of the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer system (TARGET2) are operational to effect payments.] 
(2) 
Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the “Rate of Interest”) for each Interest Period (as defined below) will, 
except as provided below, be the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for that Interest Period which appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on 
the Interest Determination Date (as defined below) [[plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined below)], all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Interest Period” means each period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) 
the first Interest Payment Date and from (and including) each Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the 
following Interest Payment Date. 
“Interest Determination Date” means the second TARGET Business Day prior to the commencement of the 
relevant Interest Period.  
“TARGET Business Day” means a day on which all relevant parts of the Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer system (TARGET2) are operational to effect payments. 
[“Margin” means [percentage] per cent. per annum.] 
“Screen Page” means the Reuters screen page EURIBOR01 or the relevant successor page on that service or on 
any other service as may be nominated as the information vendor for the purposes of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the relevant offered quotation. 
If the Screen Page is not available or no such quotation appears at such time and there is no replacement of the 
offered quotation in case of a Discontinuation Event (as defined in paragraph (3) below), the Issuer shall request 
each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in Euro for the relevant Interest Period and in a 
representative amount to prime banks in the interbank market in the Euro-Zone at approximately 11:00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of 
such offered quotations [[plus] [minus] the Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded 
if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, 
as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by major banks in the interbank market in the 
Euro-Zone, selected by the Issuer, at which such banks offer, as at 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, loans in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period and in a representative 
amount to leading European banks [[plus] [minus] the Margin]. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall 
be the offered quotation on the Screen Page, as described above, on the last day preceding the Interest 
Determination Date on which such offered quotation was displayed [[plus] [minus] the Margin], all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 61 ---
54 
 
 
 
 
“Euro-Zone” means the region comprised of those member states of the European Union that have adopted, or 
will have adopted from time to time, the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community (signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended by the Treaty on European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam Treaty of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon of 13 
December 2007, as further amended from time to time. 
“representative amount” means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market 
at the relevant time. 
“Reference Banks” means four major banks in the interbank market in the Euro-Zone. 
If (i) a public statement or information has been published by the competent authority of the administrator of the 
offered quotation to the effect that the offered quotation has ceased to be representative or is no longer an industry 
accepted rate for debt instruments such as the Notes, or comparable instruments, (ii) a public statement or 
information has been published to the effect that the administrator of the offered quotation commences the orderly 
wind-down of the offered quotation or ceases the calculation and publication of the offered quotation permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the publication of such statement or information, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the offered quotation, (iii) the administrator of the offered quotation 
becomes insolvent or any insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceeding (affecting the 
administrator) is have been commenced by the administrator or its supervisory or regulatory authorities, or (iv) the 
competent authority for the administrator of the offered quotation withdraws or suspends the authorisation 
pursuant to Article 35 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”) or the recognition 
pursuant to Article 32(8) of the Benchmarks Regulation or requires the cessation of the endorsement pursuant to 
Article 33(6) of the Benchmarks Regulation, provided that, at the time of the withdrawal or suspension or the 
cessation of endorsement, there is no successor administrator that continues to provide the offered quotation and 
its administrator commences the orderly wind-down of the offered quotation or ceases to provide the offered 
quotation or certain maturities or certain currencies for which the offered quotation is calculated permanently or 
indefinitely; or (v) the offered quotation is otherwise discontinued or it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent to use the offered quotation for any other reason (each of the events in (i) to (v), 
a “Discontinuation Event”), the offered quotation shall be replaced by an interest rate (the “Successor Reference 
Interest Rate”), which is determined in accordance with the sequence I to III on the respective Determination 
Date as follows: 
(a) 
The offered quotation is replaced with the Successor Reference Interest Rate which is announced by the 
administrator of offered quotation, the competent central bank or the regulatory or supervisory authority 
as successor of the offered quotation for the term of the offered quotation and which may be used in 
accordance with applicable law. 
(b) 
If there is no announcement pursuant to (a)), the Independent Expert (as defined below) will in its 
reasonable discretion (§ 317 German Civil Code (BGB)) determine the offered quotation that is most 
comparable to the offered quotation, whereby the Independent Expert must determine such reference 
interest rate as Successor Reference Interest Rate that is an industry accepted reference interest rate which 
is most comparable to the offered quotation, and determine a screen page which shall be used in 
connection with the Successor Reference Interest Rate and which is acceptable for the Calculation Agent 
(the “Successor Screen Page”). 
In addition, the Independent Expert will determine, if required and at its discretion (pursuant to § 317 
German Civil Code (BGB)), an Adjustment Spread (as defined below), which reduces or eliminates any 
economic prejudice or benefit to Holders that may arise a result of the replacement for the offered 
quotation with the Successor Reference Interest Rate. In this context, “Adjustment Spread” means a 
spread which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Interest Rate is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the offered quotation with the Successor Reference Interest Rate by the 
Independent Expert; or 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made) is determined by the Independent Expert as 
recognised and acknowledged industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the offered quotation where such rate has been replace by the Successor 
Reference Interest Rate; or 
(iii) 
the Independent Expert considers to be appropriate (if the Independent Expert determines that 
no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged).

--- Page 62 ---
55 
 
 
 
 
Any reference to the Screen Page herein shall, from the date of the determination of a Successor 
Reference Interest Rate, be read as a reference to the Successor Screen Page and the provisions of this 
paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. The Independent Expert will notify the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent at least 10 days prior to the Determination Date about such determinations. The Issuer 
shall thereafter inform the Holders in accordance with § 13. 
(c) 
If the Independent Expert has not determined a Successor Reference Interest Rate within a period of [30] 
[●] days after its appointment, it shall notify this fact to the Issuer without delay. Upon receipt of such 
notice or in the case that the Issuer, despite its best efforts, is not able to appoint an independent expert 
within a period of [30] [●] days after the Discontinuation Event became known, the Issuer is entitled to 
early terminate the Notes. Such termination shall be notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent and 
to the Holders in accordance with § 13. Such notification shall specify: 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; and 
(ii) 
the date determined for redemption which shall not be less than [number of days/TARGET 
Business Days] [days] [TARGET Business Days] after the date on which the Issuer gave 
notice to the Holders. 
If the Issuer elects to terminate or not to redeem the Notes early or if the Issuer or the 
Independent Expert fail or are unable to notify the Calculation Agent about a Successor 
Reference Interest Rate by the day falling 10 days prior to the interest determination date, the 
Rate of Interest for the Relevant Period (as defined below) shall be the offered quotation or the 
arithmetic mean of the offered quotation on the Screen Page, as described above, on the last day 
before the Determination Date, on which the offered quotation appeared [in case of a Margin 
insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin (whereby, however, if a different Margin than the Margin for 
the immediately preceding Interest Period applies for the relevant Interest Period, the relevant 
Margin shall replace the Margin for the immediately preceding Interest Period)]. [In case of a 
Margin, which shall be paid in addition to the (relevant) offered quotation, insert: If the 
offered quotation has a negative value, it shall be offset against the Margin such that the offered 
quotation reduces the Margin.] The Rate of Interest shall always at least be 0 [zero]. 
In this sub-section, “Relevant Period” means: 
(A) 
in case of a termination, the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the date of termination until (and excluding) the date of 
redemption; or; 
(B) 
if the Issuer does not make use of its right to termination, the period from (and 
including) the last Interest Payment Date to (and excluding) the following Interest 
Payment Date. 
“Independent Expert” means an independent financial institution of international standing or 
an independent financial advisor in each case with relevant expertise appointed by the Issuer 
under commercially reasonable and acceptable conditions.  
[In case of a Minimum Rate of Interest the following applies: 
(3) 
Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period determined in accordance with the above provisions is less 
than [Minimum Rate of Interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be [Minimum Rate of 
Interest].] 
[In case of a Maximum Rate of Interest the following applies: 
(3) 
Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period determined in accordance with the above provisions is 
greater than [Maximum Rate of Interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be [Maximum Rate 
of Interest].] 
(4) 
[Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable on the Notes in 
respect of the Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as defined below) to the Specified Denomination

--- Page 63 ---
56 
 
 
 
 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being rounded 
upwards.] 
(5) 
[Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest, 
each Interest Amount for each Interest Period, each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer and to the Holders in accordance with § 13 as soon as possible after their determination, but 
in no event later than the fourth [TARGET] [relevant financial centre(s)] Business Day (as defined in § 3 (2)) 
thereafter and, if required by the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to 
such stock exchange as soon as possible after their determination, but in no event later than the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are then listed and to the Holders in accordance with § 13.] 
(6) 
[Determinations Binding. All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations 
and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation 
Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the 
Holders.] 
(7) 
[Accrual of Interest. If the Issuer shall fail to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall continue to accrue on the 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes beyond (and including) the due date until (but excluding) the actual 
redemption of the Notes at the default rate of interest established by law4.] 
(8) 
[Day Count Fraction. “Day Count Fraction” means with regard to the calculation of the amount of interest on 
the Notes for any period of time (the “Calculation Period”):] 
[If the Specified Currency is Euro and if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is applicable the following applies: 
(i) 
if the Calculation Period (from and including the first day of such period but excluding the last) is equal 
to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Calculation Period ends, the number of days 
in such Calculation Period (from and including the first day of such period but excluding the last) divided 
by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in § 3(3)) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than the Determination Period during which the Calculation Period 
ends, the sum of: (A) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Calculation Period begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in § 3(3)) and (B) the 
number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period divided by the product 
of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in § 3(3)) that would occur in one calendar year. 
“Determination Period” means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to, (but excluding) the next 
Determination Date.] 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis the following applies: the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day 
months (unless (A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that 
last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is 
the last day of the month of February in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened 
to a 30-day month).] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the following applies: the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, 
without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
                                              
4 The default rate of interest established by statutory law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank 
from time to time, Sections 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch).

--- Page 64 ---
57 
 
 
 
 
§ 4 
(Payments) 
(1) 
 
(a) 
Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect of the Notes shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on the Notes shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System. 
[In the case of interest payable on a Temporary Global Note the following applies: Payment of interest on 
Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing System, upon due 
certification as provided in § 1(3)(b).] 
(2) 
Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of amounts due in 
respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
(3) 
Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) 
Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment Business 
Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next such day in the relevant place and shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
For these purposes, “Payment Business Day” means any day which is 
[In the case the Notes are not denominated in Euro the following applies: a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [relevant financial 
center(s)][.][and]] 
[In the case the Clearing System and TARGET2 shall be open the following applies: a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing System as well as all relevant parts of the Trans European Automated 
Real time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system (TARGET2) are operational to forward the relevant 
payment]. 
(5) 
References to Principal and Interest. References in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; the Early Redemption 
Amount of the Notes; [if the Notes are redeemable at the option of the Issuer for other than tax reasons or 
reasons of minimal outstanding principal amount the following applies: the Call Redemption Amount of the 
Notes;] [if the Notes are redeemable at the option of the Holder the following applies: the Put Redemption 
Amount of the Notes;] and any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or in respect of the 
Notes. References in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any Additional Amounts which may be payable under § 7. 
(6) 
Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit with the competent authority (Hinterlegungsstelle) at 
the seat of the Issuer (at the time of issuance of the Notes the local court (Amtsgericht) in Essen) principal or 
interest not claimed by Holders within twelve months after the Maturity Date, even though such Holders may not 
be in default of acceptance of payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is effected and the right of withdrawal 
is waived, the respective claims of such Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
§ 5 
(Redemption) 
(1) 
Final Redemption. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and cancelled, the Notes shall 
be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [Maturity Date] (the “Maturity Date”). The “Final 
Redemption Amount” in respect of each Note shall be its principal amount. 
(2) 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein 
affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official 
interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or change is effective on or after the 
date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was issued, the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts 
(as defined in § 7 herein) on the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (as defined in § 3(1)), and this obligation

--- Page 65 ---
58 
 
 
 
 
cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer, the Notes may be redeemed, in whole 
but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon not more than 60 days’ nor less than 30 days’ prior notice of 
redemption given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § 13 to the Holders, at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as defined below), together with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption (excluding). 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due, 
or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts does not remain in 
effect. 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § 13. It shall be irrevocable, must specify the date fixed for 
redemption and must set forth a statement in summary form of the facts constituting the basis for the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for Reasons of Minimal Outstanding 
Principal Amount, the following applies: 
(3) 
[Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for Reasons of Minimal Outstanding Principal Amount.] 
If 80 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed or purchased by the 
Issuer or any Subsidiary pursuant to the provisions of this § 5 or otherwise (a “Clean-up Call Event“), the Issuer 
may, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § 13 to the 
Holders of Notes, redeem, at its option, the remaining Notes as a whole at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
defined below) plus interest accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at specified Call Redemption Amounts the 
following applies: 
(4) 
[Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at specific Call Redemption Dates, the following applies: 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), redeem all or some only of the Notes 
at the Call Redemption Date(s) at the Call Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the relevant redemption date. 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
[CallRedemption Date(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[●]……………………………………………………………………………………………………… 
[●] 
[●]………………………………………………………………………………………………………. 
[●]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at specific Call Redemption Periods, the following applies: 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), redeem all or some only of the Notes 
within the Call Redemption Period(s) at the Call Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the relevant redemption date. 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
[Call Redemption Date(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[●]………………………………………………………………………………………………………. 
[●] 
[●]………………………………………………………………………………………………………. 
[●]] 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the following applies: The 
Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by 
the Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note under subparagraph [(6)] of this 
§ 5.] 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 13. 
Such notice shall specify: 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part only, the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed;

--- Page 66 ---
59 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
the relevant redemption date, which shall be not less than [Minimum Notice to Holders] nor 
more than [Maximum Notice to Holders] days after the date on which notice is given by the 
Issuer to the Holders; and 
(iv) 
the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with 
the rules of the relevant Clearing System. [In the case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: 
For technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of a partial redemption the outstanding principal amount 
following such partial redemption will be reflected in the records of the ICSDs as either a reduction in 
nominal amount or as a pool factor, at the discretion of the ICSDs.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the following applies: 
(5) 
[Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder.] 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note, redeem such Note on the Put Redemption 
Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with accrued interest, if any, to (but 
excluding) the Put Redemption Date. 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
[Put Redemption Date(s)] 
[Put Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[●]………………………………………………………………………………………………………. 
[●] 
[●]………………………………………………………………………………………………………. 
[●]] 
The Holder may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise 
by the Issuer of any of its options to redeem such Note under this § 5. 
(b) 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than [Minimum Notice to Issuer] nor more 
than [Maximum Notice to Issuer] days before the Put Redemption Date on which such redemption is 
required to be made as specified in the Put Redemption Notice (as defined below), submit during normal 
business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent a duly completed early redemption notice (“Put 
Redemption Notice”) in the form available from the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying 
Agents. The Put Redemption Notice must specify (i) the principal amount of the Notes in respect of 
which such option is exercised, and (ii) the securities identification number of such Notes, if any. No 
option so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. The Issuer shall only be required to redeem Notes in 
respect of which such option is exercised against delivery of such Notes to the Issuer or to its order.] 
(6) 
[Early Redemption Amount.] 
For purposes of subparagraph (2) [and (3)] of this § 5 and § 9, the “Early Redemption Amount” of a Note shall 
be its principal amount. 
§ 6 
(The Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the Paying Agent [and the Calculation Agent]) 
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Fiscal Agent and the initial Paying Agent and its initial specified 
office shall be: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Calculation Agent: [name and specified office]] 
The Fiscal Agent [,][and] the Paying Agents [and the Calculation Agent] reserve the right at any time to change 
their respective specified offices to some other specified office in the same country. 
(2) 
Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent [or the Calculation Agent] and to appoint another Fiscal 
Agent or additional or other Paying Agents [or another Calculation Agent]. The Issuer shall at all times maintain 
(i) a Fiscal Agent [in the case of Notes listed on a stock exchange (the “Stock Exchange”) the following

--- Page 67 ---
60 
 
 
 
 
applies: [,] [and] (ii) so long as the Notes are listed on the [name of Stock Exchange], a Paying Agent (which 
may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in [location of Stock Exchange] and/or in such other place as 
may be required by the rules of such stock exchange] [and] [,] [(iii)] a Paying Agent in an EU member state, if 
possible, that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax in connection with any payment made in relation to 
the Notes unless the Paying Agent would be so obliged in each other EU Member State if it were located there, 
[in the case of payments in United States dollar the following applies: [and] [(iv)] if payments at or through 
the offices of all Paying Agents outside the United States (as defined in § 1(6)) become illegal or are effectively 
precluded because of the imposition of exchange controls or similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of 
such amounts in United States dollar, a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City], [and] [(v)] a 
Calculation Agent [if Calculation Agent is required to maintain a Specified Office in a Required Location 
the following applies: with a specified office located in [Required Location]]. Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate 
effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in 
accordance with § 13. 
(3) 
Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent [,][and] the Paying Agents [and the Calculation Agent] act solely as the 
agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for any Holder. 
§ 7 
(Taxation) 
All payments of principal and interest made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes to the Holders shall be made free 
and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by way of deduction or withholding by or on behalf of the Federal Republic of Germany or any 
political subdivision or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax (the “Taxing Jurisdiction”), unless 
such deduction or withholding is required by law. In that event the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts (the 
“Additional Amounts”) as shall result in receipt by the Holders of such amounts as would have been received by 
them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no Additional Amounts shall be payable 
with respect to 
(a) 
German capital gains tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) (including settlement tax (Abgeltungsteuer)) to be 
deducted or withheld pursuant to the German Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz), even if the 
deduction or withholding has to be made by the Issuer or its representative, and the German solidarity 
surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) or any other tax which may substitute the German capital gains tax or 
solidarity surcharge, as the case may be; or 
(b) 
any taxes that are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf of a 
Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or withholding by the Issuer 
from payments of principal or interest made by it; or 
(c) 
payments to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder where such Holder (or a fiduciary, settlor, 
beneficiary, member or shareholder of such Holder, if such Holder is an estate, a trust, a partnership or a 
corporation) is liable to such withholding or deduction by reason of having some present or former 
connection with Germany, including, without limitation, such Holder (or such fiduciary, settlor, 
beneficiary, member or shareholder) being or having been a citizen or resident thereof or being or having 
been engaged in a trade or business or present therein or having, or having had, a permanent establishment 
therein, other than by reason only of the holding of such Note or the receipt of the relevant payment in 
respect thereof or the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of taxation are deemed 
to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in, the Federal Republic of Germany; or 
(d) 
payments to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder where no such withholding or deduction would 
have been required to be made if the Notes were credited at the time of payment to a securities deposit 
account with a bank, financial services institution, securities trading business or securities trading bank, 
in each case outside Germany; or 
(e) 
payments where such withholding or deduction is imposed pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive 
or Regulation concerning the taxation of savings, or (ii) any international treaty or understanding relating 
to such taxation and to which Germany or the European Union is a party/are parties, or (iii) any provision 
of law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, Regulation, 
treaty or understanding; or 
(f) 
payments to the extent such withholding or deduction is payable by or on behalf of a Holder who could 
lawfully mitigate (but has not so mitigated) such withholding or deduction by complying or procuring 
that any third party complies with any statutory requirements or by making or procuring that a third party

--- Page 68 ---
61 
 
 
 
 
makes a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to any tax authority in the 
place where the payment is effected; or 
(g) 
payments to the extent such withholding or deduction is payable by or on behalf of a Holder who would 
have been able to mitigate such withholding or deduction by effecting a payment via another Paying 
Agent in a member state of the European Union, not obliged to withhold or deduct tax; or 
(h) 
payments to the extent such withholding or deduction is for or on account of the presentation by the 
Holder of any Note for payment on a date more than 30 days after the date upon which presentation may 
first be made hereunder; or 
(i) 
payments to the extent such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Internal Revenue Code”), any current or 
future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to 
Section 1471(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices 
adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation 
of such Sections of the Internal Revenue Code; or 
(j) 
payments which are to be withheld or deducted from any payment to be made to a Holder residing in a 
non-cooperative country or territory (nicht kooperatives Steuerhoheitsgebiet) within the meaning of the 
act to prevent tax evasion and unfair tax competition (Steueroasen-Abwehrgesetz) as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including any ordinance (Verordnung) enacted based on this act); or 
(k) 
any combination of items (a)-(j); 
nor shall any Additional Amounts be paid with respect to any payment on a Note to a Holder who is a fiduciary 
or partnership or who is other than the sole beneficial owner of such payment to the extent such payment would 
be required by the laws of the Taxing Jurisdiction to be included in the income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary 
or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a beneficial owner who would not 
have been entitled to such Additional Amounts had such beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner been 
the Holder of the Note. 
§ 8 
(Presentation Period) 
The presentation period provided in Section 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 9 
(Events of Default) 
(1) 
Events of default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare due and payable by notice to the Fiscal Agent its entire 
claims arising from the Notes and demand immediate redemption thereof at the Early Redemption Amount (as 
described in § 5 [(6)](a)), together with accrued interest (if any) to (but excluding) the date of repayment, in the 
event that: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest under the Notes within 30 days from the relevant due date, or 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to duly perform any other material obligation arising from the Notes and such failure 
continues unremedied for more than 30 days after the Fiscal Agent has received a request thereof in the 
manner set forth in § 9(3) from a Holder to perform such obligation; or 
(c) 
(i) any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes prematurely 
repayable as a result of a default in respect of the terms thereof, or (ii) the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries fails to fulfil any payment obligation under any Relevant Indebtedness or under any 
guarantees or suretyships given for any Relevant Indebtedness of others within 30 days from its due date 
or, in the case of such guarantee or suretyship, within 30 days of such guarantee or suretyship being 
invoked, given that the obligations under (i) and (ii) above exceed 2 per cent. of the balance sheet total 
of the Issuer, as stated in its latest consolidated balance sheet drawn up in accordance with IFRS and 
unless the Issuer or its relevant Material Subsidiary contests in good faith that such payment obligation 
exists or is due or that such guarantee or suretyship has been validly invoked or if a security granted 
therefor is enforced on behalf of or by the creditor(s) entitled thereto; or 
(d) 
the Issuer announces its inability to meet its financial obligations or ceases its payments generally; or

--- Page 69 ---
62 
 
 
 
 
(e) 
a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer and such proceedings are instituted and have not 
been discharged or stayed within 90 days, or the Issuer applies for or institutes such proceedings; or 
(f) 
the Issuer enters into liquidation unless this is done in connection with a merger (Verschmelzung) or other 
form of transformation under the German Transformation Act (Umwandlungsgesetz) or other form of 
combination with another company and such company assumes all obligations contracted by the Issuer 
in connection with the Notes; or 
(g) 
any governmental order, decree or enactment shall be made in or by the Federal Republic of Germany 
whereby the Issuer is prevented from observing and performing in full its obligations as set forth in these 
Terms and Conditions and this situation is not cured within 90 days. 
(2) 
No Termination. The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been cured 
before the right is exercised. 
(3) 
Notice. Any default notice in accordance with § 9(1) shall be made by means of a declaration at least in text form 
(Section 126b of the German Civil Code, Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) delivered to the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent together with evidence by means of a certificate of the Holder’s Custodian (as defined in § 14(3)) that such 
Holder, at the time of such notice, is a holder of the relevant Notes. 
(4) 
Quorum. In the events specified in subparagraph (1)(c) and/or (d), any notice declaring Notes due shall, unless 
at the time such notice is received any of the events specified in subparagraph (1)(a), (b) and (e) through (h) 
entitling Holders to declare their Notes due has occurred, become effective only when the Fiscal Agent has 
received such default notices from the Holders representing at least 25 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount 
of Notes then outstanding. 
§ 10 
(Substitution) 
(1) 
Substitution. The Issuer (reference to which shall always include any previous Substitute Debtor (as defined 
below)) may, at any time, if no payment of principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, without the 
consent of the Holders, substitute for the Issuer any Affiliate (as defined below) of the Issuer as the principal 
debtor in respect of all obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes (any such company, the 
“Substitute Debtor”), provided that: 
(a) 
the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and is in a position to 
fulfil all payment obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes in the Specified Currency 
without, subject to para. (e) below, the necessity of any taxes or duties levied by the country or 
jurisdiction in which the Substitute Debtor is domiciled (other than taxes which would also be levied in 
the absence of such substitution) to be withheld or deducted at source and to transfer all amounts which 
are required therefore to the Paying Agent without any restrictions, and that in particular all necessary 
authorizations to this effect by any competent authority have been obtained, and, to the extent service of 
process must be effected to the Substitute Debtor outside of Germany, a service of process agent in 
Germany is appointed; 
(b) 
the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees in favour of each Holder the payment of all sums 
payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes on market standard terms for debt issuance 
programmes of investment grade rated guarantors and taking into account the Terms and Conditions (the 
“Substitution Guarantee”); 
(c) 
the Substitute Debtor and the Issuer have obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals 
and consents for such substitution and for providing of the Substitution Guarantee by the Issuer in respect 
of the obligations of the Substitute Debtor, that the Substitute Debtor has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the performance by the Substitute Debtor of its 
obligations under the Notes, and that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect and that 
the obligations assumed by the Substitute Debtor and the Substitution Guarantee provided by the Issuer 
are each valid and binding in accordance with their respective terms and enforceable by each Holder; 
(d) 
§ 9 shall be deemed to be amended so that it shall also be an event of default under such provision if the 
Substitution Guarantee shall cease to be valid or binding on or enforceable against the Issuer; 
(e) 
the Substitute Debtor undertakes to reimburse any Holder for such taxes, fees or duties which may be 
imposed upon such Holder in connection with any payments on the Notes (including taxes or duties being 
deducted or withheld at source), upon conversion or otherwise, as a consequence of the assumption of

--- Page 70 ---
63 
 
 
 
 
the Issuer’s obligations by the Substitute Debtor, provided that such undertaking shall be limited to 
amounts that would not have been imposed upon the Holder had such substitution not occurred; and 
(f) 
there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent one opinion for each jurisdiction affected of lawyers 
of recognised standing to the effect that subparagraphs (a) through (e) above have been satisfied. 
For purposes of this § 10, “Affiliate” shall mean any affiliated company (verbundenes Unternehmen) within the 
meaning of Sections 15 et seqq. of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) held by the Issuer. 
(2) 
Discharge from Obligations. References. Upon a substitution in accordance with this § 10, the Substitute Debtor 
shall be deemed to be named in the Notes as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer as issuer and the Notes 
shall thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution including that the relevant jurisdiction 
in relation to the Issuer in § 7 shall be the Substitute Debtor’s country of domicile for tax purposes. Furthermore, 
in the event of such substitution the following shall apply: 
(a) 
in § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative reference to the Federal Republic of Germany shall be deemed to have 
been included in addition to the reference according to the preceding sentence to the country of domicile 
or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor; 
(b) 
in § 9(1)(c) to (g) an alternative reference to the Issuer in its capacity as guarantor shall be deemed to 
have been included in addition to the reference to the Substitute Debtor. 
Any such substitution, together with the notice referred to in subparagraph (3) below, shall, in the case of the 
substitution of any other company as principal debtor, operate to release the Issuer as issuer from all of its 
obligations as principal debtor in respect of the Notes. 
(3) 
Notification to Holders. Not later than 15 Payment Business Days after effecting the substitution, the Substitute 
Debtor shall give notice thereof to the Holders and, if any Notes are listed on any stock exchange, to such stock 
exchange in accordance with § 13 and to any other person or authority as required by applicable laws or 
regulations. 
§ 11 
(Further Issues, Purchases and Cancellation) 
(1) 
Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, issue further Notes having 
the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the settlement date, interest 
commencement date and/or issue price) so as to form a single Series with the Notes. 
(2) 
Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price. Notes 
purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for 
cancellation. If purchases are made by tender, tenders for such Notes must be made available to all Holders of 
such Notes alike. 
(3) 
Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
§ 12 
(Amendments of the Terms and Conditions by Resolutions of Holders, Joint Representative) 
(1) 
Resolutions of Holders. The Holders may with consent of the Issuer (if required) by a majority resolution 
pursuant to Section 5 et seqq. of the German Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen 
aus Gesamtemissionen) (the “SchVG”), as amended from time to time, agree to amendments of the Terms and 
Conditions or resolve any other matters provided for by the SchVG. In particular, the Holders may consent to 
amendments which materially change the substance of the Terms and Conditions, including such measures as 
provided for under Section 5 paragraph 3 SchVG by resolutions passed by such majority of the votes of the 
Holders as stated under § 12(2) below. A duly passed majority resolution shall be binding upon all Holders. 
(2) 
Majority. Except as provided by the following sentence and provided that the quorum requirements are being 
met, the Holders may pass resolutions by simple majority of the voting rights participating in the vote. Resolutions 
which materially change the substance of the Terms and Conditions, in particular in the cases of Section 5 
paragraph 3 numbers 1 through 9 SchVG, or relating to material other matters may only be passed by a majority 
of at least 75 per cent. of the voting rights participating in the vote (a “Qualified Majority”). 
(3) 
Passing of resolutions. The Holders can pass resolutions in a meeting (Gläubigerversammlung) in accordance 
with Section 5 et seqq. of the SchVG or by means of a vote without a meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) 
in accordance with Section 18 and Section 5 et seqq. of the SchVG.

--- Page 71 ---
64 
 
 
 
 
(4) 
Holders’ meeting. If resolutions of the Holders shall be made by means of a meeting the convening notice will 
provide for further details relating to the resolutions and the voting procedure. The subject matter of the vote as 
well as the proposed resolutions shall be notified to the Holders together with the convening notice. Attendance 
at the meeting and exercise of voting rights is subject to the Holders’ registration. The registration must be received 
at the address stated in the convening notice no later than the third day preceding the meeting. As part of the 
registration, Holders must demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the vote by means of a special confirmation 
of the Custodian (as defined in § 14 (3)) in accordance with § 14(3)(i)(a) and (b) hereof in text form and by 
submission of a blocking instruction by the Custodian stating that the relevant Notes are not transferable from and 
including the day such registration has been sent until and including the stated end of the meeting. 
(5) 
Vote without a meeting. Together with casting their votes, Holders must demonstrate their eligibility to 
participate in the vote by means of a special confirmation of the Custodian in accordance with § 14(3)(i)(a) and 
(b) hereof in text form and by submission of a blocking instruction by the Custodian stating that the relevant Notes 
are not transferable from and including the day such votes have been cast until and including the day the voting 
period ends. 
(6) 
Second meeting. If it is ascertained that no quorum exists for the meeting pursuant to § 12(4) or the vote without 
a meeting pursuant to § 12(4), in case of a meeting the chairman may convene a second meeting in accordance 
with Section 15 paragraph 3 sentence 2 of the SchVG or in case of a vote without a meeting the scrutineer may 
convene a second meeting within the meaning of Section 15 paragraph 3 sentence 3 of the SchVG. Attendance at 
the second meeting and exercise of voting rights is subject to the Holders’ registration. The provisions set out in 
§ 12(4) shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Holders’ registration for a second meeting. 
(7) 
Holders’ representative. [If no Holders’ Representative is designated in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
the following applies: The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common representative to exercise the 
Holders’ rights on behalf of each Holder (the “Holders’ Representative”). 
The Holders’ Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority resolution 
of the Holders. The Holders’ Representative shall comply with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that 
the Holders’ Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, the Holders shall not be 
entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The 
Holders’ Representative shall provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply 
with regard to the recall and the other rights and obligations of the Holders’ Representative.] 
[If the Holders’ Representative is appointed in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the following applies: 
The joint representative (the “Holders’ Representative”) shall be [name and address]. The Holders’ 
Representative shall have the duties and responsibilities and powers provided for by law. The liability of the 
Holders’ Representative shall be limited to ten times of the amount of its annual remuneration, unless the Holders’ 
Representative has acted wilfully or with gross negligence. The provisions of the SchVG apply with respect to the 
dismissal of the Holders’ Representative and the other rights and obligations of the Holders’ Representative.] 
(8) 
Publication. Any notices concerning this § 12 shall be made exclusively pursuant to the provisions of the SchVG. 
(9) 
Amendments of guarantees. The provisions set out above applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis 
to any guarantee provided in relation to the Notes. 
§ 13 
(Notices) 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following applies: 
(1) 
Publication. Subject to § 12 (8), all notices concerning the Notes will be made by means of electronic publication 
on the internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Any notice will be deemed to have 
been validly given on the third day following the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the 
third day following the date of the first such publication). 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System. So long as any Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, subparagraph (1) shall apply. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange otherwise so permit, the 
Issuer may deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.]

--- Page 72 ---
65 
 
 
 
 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on a stock exchange other than on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange the following applies: 
(1) 
Publication. Subject to § 12 (8), all notices concerning the Notes will be made by means of electronic publication 
on the internet website of the stock exchange with respect to which the Issuer applied for listing of the Notes, if 
the rules of such stock exchange so permit. Any such notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the 
third day following the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day following the 
date of the first such publication). 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System. So long as any Notes are listed on such a stock exchange, subparagraph (1) 
shall apply. If the rules of such stock exchange otherwise so permit, the Issuer may deliver the relevant notice to 
the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth 
in subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the seventh day after the day 
on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted the following applies: 
Notification to Clearing System. Subject to § 12 (8), the Issuer will deliver all notices to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders 
on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
§ 14 
(Applicable Law, Place of Jurisdiction And Enforcement) 
(1) 
Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders and the Issuer, 
shall be governed in every respect by German law. 
(2) 
Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main shall have non- exclusive 
jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings (“Proceedings”) arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes. 
(3) 
Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any proceedings against the Issuer or to which such Holder and the 
Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own name his rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a 
statement issued by the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes 
(a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of Notes credited 
to such securities account on the date of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written 
notice to the Clearing System containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) which has been confirmed by the 
Clearing System; (ii) a copy of the Note in global form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer 
of the Clearing System or a depositary of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such proceedings 
of the actual records or the global note representing the Notes or (iii) any other means of proof permitted in legal 
proceedings in the country of enforcement. For purposes of the foregoing, “Custodian” means any bank or other 
financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities custody business with which the 
Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and which maintains an account with the Clearing 
System, and includes the Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce his rights under these Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the Proceedings. 
§ 15 
(Language) 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language only.

--- Page 73 ---
66 
 
 
 
 
OPTION III – TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTES WITHOUT INTEREST COUPON  
(“Zero Coupon Notes”) 
 
§ 1 
(Currency, Denomination, Form) 
(1) 
Currency; Denomination. This Series of Notes (the “Notes”) of Vier Gas Transport GmbH (“Vier Gas” or the 
“Issuer”) is being issued in [Specified Currency] (the “Specified Currency”) in the aggregate principal amount 
[in the case the Global Note is an NGN the following applies: (subject to § 1(4))] of [Aggregate Principal 
Amount] (in words: [Aggregate Principal Amount in words]) (the “Aggregate Principal Amount”) in the 
denomination of [Specified Denomination] (the “Specified Denomination”). 
(2) 
Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
[In the case of Notes which are represented by a Permanent Global Note the following applies: 
(3) 
Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented by a permanent global note (the “the “Global Note”) without 
coupons. The Permanent Global Note shall be signed manually by authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall 
be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be issued.] 
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented by a Temporary Global Note the following applies: 
(3) 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the “Temporary Global Note”) without 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for Notes in Specified Denominations 
represented by a permanent global note (the “Permanent Global Note” and together with the Temporary 
Global Note, the “Global Notes”) without coupons. [In the case of Euroclear and CBL and if the 
Global Note is an NGN the following applies: The details of such exchange shall be entered in the 
records of the ICSDs (as defined below).] The Global Notes shall only be valid if each of them bears the 
handwritten signatures of two authorised representatives of the Issuer and the control signature of a 
person instructed by the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be issued. 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global Note on a date (the “Exchange 
Date”) not earlier than 40 days after the date of issue of the Notes. Such exchange shall only be made 
upon delivery of certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes is not a U.S. 
person (other than certain financial institutions or certain persons holding Notes through such financial 
institutions). Payment of interest on Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note will be made only 
after delivery of such certifications. A separate certification shall be required in respect of each such 
payment of interest. Any such certification received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the 
Notes will be treated as a request to exchange the Temporary Global Note pursuant to subparagraph (b) 
of this § 1(3). Any Notes delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only 
outside of the United States (as defined in § 1(6)).] 
(4) 
Clearing System. Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System until all 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. “Clearing System” means [if more than one 
Clearing System the following applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main,] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (“CBL”)] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”),] [additional or 
alternative Clearing System] and any successor in such capacity. [In the case of CBL and Euroclear as Clearing 
System the following applies: “International Central Securities Depositary” or “ICSD” means each of CBL 
and Euroclear (together, the “ICSDs”).] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs and the global note is an NGN, the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in new global note (“NGN”) form and are kept in custody by a common safekeeper 
on behalf of both ICSDs. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the aggregate amount from time to time 
entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which expression means the records that each 
ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer’s interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive 
evidence of the principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement 
issued by an ICSD stating the principal amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence 
of the records of the relevant ICSD at that time.

--- Page 74 ---
67 
 
 
 
 
On any redemption or interest payment being made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any of the Notes 
represented by the Global Note the Issuer shall procure that details of any redemption, payment or purchase and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the records of the 
ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the principal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled.] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs and the global note is a CGN, the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in classical global note (“CGN”) form and are kept in custody by a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is an NGN, the following applies: On an exchange of a portion only 
of the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall 
be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs.] 
(5) 
Holder of Notes. “Holder” means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial interest or right 
in the Notes. 
(6) 
United States. For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions “United States” means the United States of 
America (including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, 
the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
§ 2 
(Status, Negative Pledge) 
(1) 
Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking 
pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, unless such obligations are accorded priority under mandatory provisions of statutory 
law. 
(2) 
Negative Pledge. So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, but only up to the time all amounts of principal 
and interest have been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer undertakes (i) not to grant or permit 
to subsist any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security Interest) over any or all of its present or future 
assets, as security for any present or future Relevant Indebtedness or any guarantee or other suretyship in respect 
of any such Relevant Indebtedness, and (ii) to procure, to the extent legally permissible, that none of its Material 
Subsidiaries will grant or permit to subsist any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security Interest) over 
any or all of its present or future assets, as security for any present or future Relevant Indebtedness or any guarantee 
or other suretyship in respect of any such Relevant Indebtedness, unless at the same time the Holders share equally 
and rateably in such security or such other security as shall be approved by an independent accounting firm of 
recognised standing as being equivalent security has been made available to Holders. 
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions, 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest in rem (dingliches 
Sicherungsrecht); 
“Permitted Security Interest” means any Security Interest securing any Relevant Indebtedness issued for the 
purpose of financing all or part of the costs of the acquisition, construction or development of any project if the 
person or persons providing such financing expressly agree to limit their recourse to the project financed and the 
revenues derived from such project as the sole source of repayment for such Relevant Indebtedness; 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, note, 
debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of being, listed, 
quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any over the 
counter market); 
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including (without 
limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in accordance 
with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as finance or capital leases;

--- Page 75 ---
68 
 
 
 
 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment of which 
is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or purchase 
agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
“Material Subsidiary” means, at any time, any Subsidiary of the Issuer which has earnings before interest, tax, 
depreciation and amortisation (calculated on the same basis as EBITDA) representing five per cent. or more of 
EBITDA or has gross assets representing five per cent., or more of the gross assets of the Group, calculated on a 
consolidated basis, as calculated by reference to the then most recent financial statements (consolidated, or as the 
case may be, unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then most recent consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, provided that if a Subsidiary has been acquired since the date as at 
which the then most recent consolidated financial statements of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole 
were prepared, the financial statements shall be adjusted in order to take into account the acquisition of that 
Subsidiary (that adjustment being certified by a director of the Issuer as representing an accurate reflection of the 
revised EBITDA or gross assets, as the case may be, of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole); 
“Subsidiary” means an entity of which a person owns directly or indirectly more than 50 per cent. of the voting 
issued share capital (or similar right ownership). For the avoidance of doubt, this definition of Subsidiary shall 
not capture any Pipeline Company; 
“Pipeline Company” means any company that owns gas pipeline systems in which a member of the Group has a 
direct or indirect interest; 
“EBITDA” means earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization – but including income from equity 
investments and income from companies accounted for using the equity method – and is reconcilable to the 
consolidated income statement. 
§ 3 
(Interest) 
(1) 
No Periodic Payments of Interest. There will not be any periodic payments of interest on the Notes. 
(2) 
Late Payments. If the Issuer for any reason fails to render any payment of principal in respect of the Notes when 
due, interest shall accrue at the default rate of interest established by statutory law5 on the outstanding amount 
from (and including) the due date to (but excluding) the day on which such payment is made to the Holders. 
(3) 
Day Count Fraction. “Day Count Fraction” means in respect of a Calculation Period (as defined below in § 5 
[(7)]). 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis the following applies: the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day 
months (unless (A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that 
last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is 
the last day of the month of February in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened 
to a 30-day month).] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the following applies: the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, 
without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
§ 4 
(Payments) 
(1) 
Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect of the Notes shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2) 
below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System. 
                                              
5 The default rate of interest established by statutory law is five percentage points above the basis rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank 
from time to time, Sections 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch).

--- Page 76 ---
69 
 
 
 
 
(2) 
Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of amounts due in 
respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
(3) 
Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) 
Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment Business 
Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next such day in the relevant place and shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
For these purposes, “Payment Business Day” means any day which is 
[In the case the Notes are not denominated in Euro the following applies: a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in [relevant financial 
center(s)][.][and]] 
[In the case the Clearing System and TARGET2 shall be open the following applies: a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing System as well as all relevant parts of the Trans European Automated 
Real time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system (TARGET2) are operational to forward the relevant 
payment]. 
(5) 
References to Principal and Interest. References in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; the Early Redemption 
Amount of the Notes; the Amortized Face Amount of the Notes; [if the Notes are redeemable at the option of 
the Issuer for other than tax reasons or reasons of minimal outstanding principal amount the following 
applies: the Call Redemption Amount of the Notes;] [if the Notes are redeemable at the option of the Holder 
the following applies: the Put Redemption Amount of the Notes;] and any premium and any other amounts which 
may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. References in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect 
of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts which may be payable under § 7. 
(6) 
Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit with the competent authority (Hinterlegungsstelle) at 
the seat of the Issuer (at the time of issuance of the Notes the local court (Amtsgericht) in Essen) principal or 
interest not claimed by Holders within twelve months after the Maturity Date, even though such Holders may not 
be in default of acceptance of payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is effected and the right of withdrawal 
is waived, the respective claims of such Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
§ 5 
(Redemption) 
(1) 
Final Redemption. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and cancelled, the Notes shall 
be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [Maturity Date] (the “Maturity Date”). The “Final 
Redemption Amount” in respect of each Note shall be its principal amount. 
(2) 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein 
affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official 
interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or change is effective on or after the 
date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was issued, the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts 
(as defined in § 7 herein) on the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (as defined in § 3(1)), and this obligation 
cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer, the Notes may be redeemed, in whole 
but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon not more than 60 days’ nor less than 30 days’ prior notice of 
redemption given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § 13 to the Holders, at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as defined below), together with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption (excluding). 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due, 
or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts does not remain in 
effect. 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § 13. It shall be irrevocable, must specify the date fixed for 
redemption and must set forth a statement in summary form of the facts constituting the basis for the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for Reasons of Minimal Outstanding 
Principal Amount, the following applies: 
(3) 
[Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for Reasons of Minimal Outstanding Principal Amount.]

--- Page 77 ---
70 
 
 
 
 
If 80 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed or purchased by the 
Issuer or any Subsidiary pursuant to the provisions of this § 5 or otherwise (a “Clean-up Call Event“), the Issuer 
may, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § 13 to the 
Holders of Notes, redeem, at its option, the remaining Notes as a whole at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
defined below) plus interest accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at specified Call Redemption Amounts the 
following applies: 
(4) 
[Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at specific Call Redemption Dates, the following applies: 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), redeem all or some only of the Notes 
at the Call Redemption Date(s) at the Call Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the relevant redemption date. 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
[Call Redemption Date(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[●]………………………………………………………………………………………………………… 
[●] 
[●]………………………………………………………………………………………………………… 
[●]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at specific Call Redemption Periods, the following applies: 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), redeem all or some only of the Notes 
within the Call Redemption Period(s) at the Call Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the relevant redemption date. 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
[Call Redemption Date(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[●]………………………………………………………………………………………………………... 
[●] 
[●]………………………………………………………………………………………………………... 
[●]] 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the following applies: The 
Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by 
the Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note under subparagraph [(6)] of this 
§ 5.] 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 13. 
Such notice shall specify: 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part only, the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
(iii) 
the relevant redemption date, which shall be not less than [Minimum Notice to Holders] nor 
more than [Maximum Notice to Holders] days after the date on which notice is given by the 
Issuer to the Holders; and 
(iv) 
the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
(b) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with 
the rules of the relevant Clearing System. [In the case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: 
For technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of a partial redemption the outstanding principal amount 
following such partial redemption will be reflected in the records of the ICSDs as either a reduction in 
nominal amount or as a pool factor, at the discretion of the ICSDs.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Make Whole Redemption Amount the 
following applies: 
(5) 
[Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer.]

--- Page 78 ---
71 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), at any time redeem all or some only of 
the Notes (each a “Call Redemption Date”) at the Early Redemption Amount (as defined below) 
together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the relevant Call Redemption Date. 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the following applies: 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the 
Holder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note under subparagraph [(6)] of this § 5.] 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 13. 
Such notice shall specify: 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part only, the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; and 
(iii) 
the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not less than [Minimum Notice to Holders] nor 
more than [Maximum Notice to Holders] days after the date on which notice is given by the 
Issuer to the Holders. 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with 
the rules of the relevant Clearing System. [In the case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: 
For technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case of a partial redemption the outstanding principal amount 
following such partial redemption will be reflected in the records of the ICSDs as either a reduction in 
nominal amount or as a pool factor, at the discretion of the ICSDs.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the following applies: 
(6) 
[Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder.] 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note, redeem such Note on the Put Redemption 
Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with accrued interest, if any, to (but 
excluding) the Put Redemption Date. 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
[Put Redemption Date(s)] 
[Put Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[●]………………………………………………………………………………………………………... 
[●] 
[●]………………………………………………………………………………………………………... 
[●]] 
The Holder may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise 
by the Issuer of any of its options to redeem such Note under this § 5. 
(b) 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than [Minimum Notice to Issuer] nor more 
than [Maximum Notice to Issuer] days before the Put Redemption Date on which such redemption is 
required to be made as specified in the Put Redemption Notice (as defined below), submit during normal 
business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent a duly completed early redemption notice (“Put 
Redemption Notice”) in the form available from the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying 
Agents. The Put Redemption Notice must specify (i) the principal amount of the Notes in respect of 
which such option is exercised, and (ii) the securities identification number of such Notes, if any. No 
option so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. The Issuer shall only be required to redeem Notes in 
respect of which such option is exercised against delivery of such Notes to the Issuer or to its order.] 
(7) 
[Early Redemption Amount.] 
(a) 
For purposes of subparagraph (2) [and (3)] of this § 5 and § 9, the “Early Redemption Amount” of a 
Note shall be its principal amount. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Make Whole Redemption Amount the 
following applies: 
(b) 
For purposes of subparagraph [(5)] of this § 5, the Make Whole Redemption Amount of a Note shall be 
the higher of (i) its Final Redemption Amount and (ii) the Present Value. The “Present Value” will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by discounting the sum of the principal amount of a Note and the 
remaining interest payments to [the Maturity Date] on an annual basis, assuming a 365-day year or a

--- Page 79 ---
72 
 
 
 
 
366-day year, as the case may be, and the actual number of days elapsed in such year and using the 
Comparable Benchmark Yield plus [percentage] per cent. “Comparable Benchmark Yield” means 
the yield at the Redemption Calculation Date on the corresponding [euro denominated benchmark debt 
security of the Federal Republic of Germany] [other relevant benchmark security] [due [maturity], 
carrying ISIN [ISIN], or, if such benchmark security is no longer outstanding on the Redemption 
Calculation Date, such other comparable benchmark security selected as appropriate by the Calculation 
Agent], [as daily published by the Deutsche Bundesbank on its website www.bundesbank.de,][as 
appearing around [relevant time] on [relevant screen page]], or, if such yield cannot be so determined, 
the yield determined as aforesaid as appearing or published on such other comparable page or pricing 
source (or, if applicable, at such other time on the Redemption Calculation Date) as may be considered 
to be appropriate by the Calculation Agent, in each case as having a maturity comparable to the remaining 
term of the Note to [the Maturity Date], that would be used at the time of selection and in accordance 
with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable 
maturity to [the Maturity Date]. “Redemption Calculation Date” means the third Payment Business 
Day prior to the relevant Call Redemption Date.] 
§ 6 
(The Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the Paying Agent [and the Calculation Agent]) 
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Fiscal Agent and the initial Paying Agent and its initial specified 
office shall be: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Calculation Agent: [name and specified office]] 
The Fiscal Agent [,][and] the Paying Agents [and the Calculation Agent] reserve the right at any time to change 
their respective specified offices to some other specified office in the same country. 
(2) 
Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent [or the Calculation Agent] and to appoint another Fiscal 
Agent or additional or other Paying Agents [or another Calculation Agent]. The Issuer shall at all times maintain 
(i) a Fiscal Agent [in the case of Notes listed on a stock exchange (the “Stock Exchange”) the following 
applies: [,] [and] (ii) so long as the Notes are listed on the [name of Stock Exchange], a Paying Agent (which 
may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in [location of Stock Exchange] and/or in such other place as 
may be required by the rules of such stock exchange] [and] [,] [(iii)] a Paying Agent in an EU member state, if 
possible, that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax in connection with any payment made in relation to 
the Notes unless the Paying Agent would be so obliged in each other EU Member State if it were located there, 
[in the case of payments in United States dollar the following applies: [and] [(iv)] if payments at or through 
the offices of all Paying Agents outside the United States (as defined in § 1(6)) become illegal or are effectively 
precluded because of the imposition of exchange controls or similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of 
such amounts in United States dollar, a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City], [and] [(v)] a 
Calculation Agent [if Calculation Agent is required to maintain a Specified Office in a Required Location 
the following applies: with a specified office located in [Required Location]]. Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate 
effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in 
accordance with § 13. 
(3) 
Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent [,][and] the Paying Agents [and the Calculation Agent] act solely as the 
agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for any Holder. 
§ 7 
(Taxation) 
All payments of principal and interest made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes to the Holders shall be made free 
and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by way of deduction or withholding by or on behalf of the Federal Republic of Germany or any 
political subdivision or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax (the “Taxing Jurisdiction”), unless 
such deduction or withholding is required by law. In that event the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts (the

--- Page 80 ---
73 
 
 
 
 
“Additional Amounts”) as shall result in receipt by the Holders of such amounts as would have been received by 
them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no Additional Amounts shall be payable 
with respect to 
(a) 
German capital gains tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) (including settlement tax (Abgeltungsteuer)) to be 
deducted or withheld pursuant to the German Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz), even if the 
deduction or withholding has to be made by the Issuer or its representative, and the German solidarity 
surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) or any other tax which may substitute the German capital gains tax or 
solidarity surcharge, as the case may be; or 
(b) 
any taxes that are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf of a 
Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or withholding by the Issuer 
from payments of principal or interest made by it; or 
(c) 
payments to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder where such Holder (or a fiduciary, settlor, 
beneficiary, member or shareholder of such Holder, if such Holder is an estate, a trust, a partnership or a 
corporation) is liable to such withholding or deduction by reason of having some present or former 
connection with Germany, including, without limitation, such Holder (or such fiduciary, settlor, 
beneficiary, member or shareholder) being or having been a citizen or resident thereof or being or having 
been engaged in a trade or business or present therein or having, or having had, a permanent establishment 
therein, other than by reason only of the holding of such Note or the receipt of the relevant payment in 
respect thereof or the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of taxation are deemed 
to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in, the Federal Republic of Germany; or 
(d) 
payments to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder where no such withholding or deduction would 
have been required to be made if the Notes were credited at the time of payment to a securities deposit 
account with a bank, financial services institution, securities trading business or securities trading bank, 
in each case outside Germany; or 
(e) 
payments where such withholding or deduction is imposed pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive 
or Regulation concerning the taxation of savings, or (ii) any international treaty or understanding relating 
to such taxation and to which Germany or the European Union is a party/are parties, or (iii) any provision 
of law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, Regulation, 
treaty or understanding; or 
(f) 
payments to the extent such withholding or deduction is payable by or on behalf of a Holder who could 
lawfully mitigate (but has not so mitigated) such withholding or deduction by complying or procuring 
that any third party complies with any statutory requirements or by making or procuring that a third party 
makes a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to any tax authority in the 
place where the payment is effected; or 
(g) 
payments to the extent such withholding or deduction is payable by or on behalf of a Holder who would 
have been able to mitigate such withholding or deduction by effecting a payment via another Paying 
Agent in a member state of the European Union, not obliged to withhold or deduct tax; or 
(h) 
payments to the extent such withholding or deduction is for or on account of the presentation by the 
Holder of any Note for payment on a date more than 30 days after the date upon which presentation may 
first be made hereunder; or 
(i) 
payments to the extent such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Internal Revenue Code”), any current or 
future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to 
Section 1471(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices 
adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation 
of such Sections of the Internal Revenue Code; or 
(j) 
payments which are to be withheld or deducted from any payment to be made to a Holder being resident 
a non-cooperative country or territory (nicht kooperatives Steuerhoheitsgebiet) within the meaning of the 
act to prevent tax evasion and unfair tax competition (Steueroasen-Abwehrgesetz) as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including any ordinance (Verordnung) enacted based on this act); or 
(k) 
any combination of items (a)-(j); 
nor shall any Additional Amounts be paid with respect to any payment on a Note to a Holder who is  a fiduciary 
or partnership or who is other than the sole beneficial owner of such payment to the extent such payment would

--- Page 81 ---
74 
 
 
 
 
be required by the laws of the Taxing Jurisdiction to be included in the income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary 
or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a beneficial owner who would not 
have been entitled to such Additional Amounts had such beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner been 
the Holder of the Note. 
§ 8 
(Presentation Period) 
The presentation period provided in Section 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 9 
(Events of Default) 
(1) 
Events of default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare due and payable by notice to the Fiscal Agent its entire 
claims arising from the Notes and demand immediate redemption thereof at the Early Redemption Amount (as 
described in § 5 [(7)](a)), together with accrued interest (if any) to (but excluding) the date of repayment, in the 
event that: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest under the Notes within 30 days from the relevant due date, or 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to duly perform any other material obligation arising from the Notes and such failure 
continues unremedied for more than 30 days after the Fiscal Agent has received a request thereof in the 
manner set forth in § 9(3) from a Holder to perform such obligation; or 
(c) 
(i) any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes prematurely 
repayable as a result of a default in respect of the terms thereof, or (ii) the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries fails to fulfil any payment obligation under any Relevant Indebtedness or under any 
guarantees or suretyships given for any Relevant Indebtedness of others within 30 days from its due date 
or, in the case of such guarantee or suretyship, within 30 days of such guarantee or suretyship being 
invoked, given that the obligations under (i) and (ii) above exceed 2 per cent. of the balance sheet total 
of the Issuer, as stated in its latest consolidated balance sheet drawn up in accordance with IFRS and 
unless the Issuer or its relevant Material Subsidiary contests in good faith that such payment obligation 
exists or is due or that such guarantee or suretyship has been validly invoked or if a security granted 
therefor is enforced on behalf of or by the creditor(s) entitled thereto; or 
(d) 
the Issuer announces its inability to meet its financial obligations or ceases its payments generally; or 
(e) 
a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer and such proceedings are instituted and have not 
been discharged or stayed within 90 days, or the Issuer applies for or institutes such proceedings; or 
(f) 
the Issuer enters into liquidation unless this is done in connection with a merger (Verschmelzung) or other 
form of transformation under the German Transformation Act (Umwandlungsgesetz) or other form of 
combination with another company and such company assumes all obligations contracted by the Issuer 
in connection with the Notes; or 
(g) 
any governmental order, decree or enactment shall be made in or by the Federal Republic of Germany 
whereby the Issuer is prevented from observing and performing in full its obligations as set forth in these 
Terms and Conditions and this situation is not cured within 90 days. 
(2) 
No Termination. The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been cured 
before the right is exercised. 
(3) 
Notice. Any default notice in accordance with § 9(1) shall be made by means of a declaration at least in text form 
(Section 126b of the German Civil Code, Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) delivered to the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent together with evidence by means of a certificate of the Holder’s Custodian (as defined in § 14(3)) that such 
Holder, at the time of such notice, is a holder of the relevant Notes. 
(4) 
Quorum. In the events specified in subparagraph (1)(c) and/or (d), any notice declaring Notes due shall, unless 
at the time such notice is received any of the events specified in subparagraph (1)(a), (b) and (e) through (g) 
entitling Holders to declare their Notes due has occurred, become effective only when the Fiscal Agent has 
received such default notices from the Holders representing at least 25 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount 
of Notes then outstanding.

--- Page 82 ---
75 
 
 
 
 
§ 10 
(Substitution) 
(1) 
Substitution. The Issuer (reference to which shall always include any previous Substitute Debtor (as defined 
below)) may, at any time, if no payment of principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, without the 
consent of the Holders, substitute for the Issuer any Affiliate (as defined below) of the Issuer as the principal 
debtor in respect of all obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes (any such company, the 
“Substitute Debtor”), provided that: 
(a) 
the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and is in a position to 
fulfil all payment obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes in the Specified Currency 
without, subject to para. (e) below, the necessity of any taxes or duties levied by the country or 
jurisdiction in which the Substitute Debtor is domiciled (other than taxes which would also be levied in 
the absence of such substitution) to be withheld or deducted at source and to transfer all amounts which 
are required therefore to the Paying Agent without any restrictions, and that in particular all necessary 
authorizations to this effect by any competent authority have been obtained, and, to the extent service of 
process must be effected to the Substitute Debtor outside of Germany, a service of process agent in 
Germany is appointed; 
(b) 
the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees in favour of each Holder the payment of all sums 
payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes on market standard terms for debt issuance 
programmes of investment grade rated guarantors and taking into account the Terms and Conditions (the 
“Substitution Guarantee”); 
(c) 
the Substitute Debtor and the Issuer have obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals 
and consents for such substitution and for providing of the Substitution Guarantee by the Issuer in respect 
of the obligations of the Substitute Debtor, that the Substitute Debtor has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the performance by the Substitute Debtor of its 
obligations under the Notes, and that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect and that 
the obligations assumed by the Substitute Debtor and the Substitution Guarantee provided by the Issuer 
are each valid and binding in accordance with their respective terms and enforceable by each Holder; 
(d) 
§ 9 shall be deemed to be amended so that it shall also be an event of default under such provision if the 
Substitution Guarantee shall cease to be valid or binding on or enforceable against the Issuer; 
(e) 
the Substitute Debtor undertakes to reimburse any Holder for such taxes, fees or duties which may be 
imposed upon such Holder in connection with any payments on the Notes (including taxes or duties being 
deducted or withheld at source), upon conversion or otherwise, as a consequence of the assumption of 
the Issuer’s obligations by the Substitute Debtor, provided that such undertaking shall be limited to 
amounts that would not have been imposed upon the Holder had such substitution not occurred; and 
(f) 
there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent one opinion for each jurisdiction affected of lawyers 
of recognised standing to the effect that subparagraphs (a) through (e) above have been satisfied. 
For purposes of this § 10, “Affiliate” shall mean any affiliated company (verbundenes Unternehmen) within the 
meaning of Sections 15 et seqq. of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) held by the Issuer. 
(2) 
Discharge from Obligations. References. Upon a substitution in accordance with this § 10, the Substitute Debtor 
shall be deemed to be named in the Notes as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer as issuer and the Notes 
shall thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution including that the relevant jurisdiction 
in relation to the Issuer in § 7 shall be the Substitute Debtor’s country of domicile for tax purposes. Furthermore, 
in the event of such substitution the following shall apply: 
(a) 
in § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative reference to the Federal Republic of Germany shall be deemed to have 
been included in addition to the reference according to the preceding sentence to the country of domicile 
or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor; 
(b) 
in § 9(1)(c) to (g) an alternative reference to the Issuer in its capacity as guarantor shall be deemed to 
have been included in addition to the reference to the Substitute Debtor. 
Any such substitution, together with the notice referred to in subparagraph (3) below, shall, in the case of the 
substitution of any other company as principal debtor, operate to release the Issuer as issuer from all of its 
obligations as principal debtor in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 83 ---
76 
 
 
 
 
(3) 
Notification to Holders. Not later than 15 Payment Business Days after effecting the substitution, the Substitute 
Debtor shall give notice thereof to the Holders and, if any Notes are listed on any stock exchange, to such stock 
exchange in accordance with § 13 and to any other person or authority as required by applicable laws or 
regulations. 
§ 11 
(Further Issues, Purchases aCancellation) 
(1) 
Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, issue further Notes having 
the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the settlement date, interest 
commencement date and/or issue price) so as to form a single Series with the Notes. 
(2) 
Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price. Notes 
purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for 
cancellation. If purchases are made by tender, tenders for such Notes must be made available to all Holders of 
such Notes alike. 
(3) 
Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
§ 12 
(Amendments of the Terms and Conditions by Resolutions of Holders, Joint Representative) 
(1) 
Resolutions of Holders. The Holders may with consent of the Issuer (if required) by a majority resolution 
pursuant to Section 5 et seqq. of the German Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen 
aus Gesamtemissionen) (the “SchVG”), as amended from time to time, agree to amendments of the Terms and 
Conditions or resolve any other matters provided for by the SchVG. In particular, the Holders may consent to 
amendments which materially change the substance of the Terms and Conditions, including such measures as 
provided for under Section 5 paragraph 3 SchVG by resolutions passed by such majority of the votes of the 
Holders as stated under § 12(2) below. A duly passed majority resolution shall be binding upon all Holders. 
(2) 
Majority. Except as provided by the following sentence and provided that the quorum requirements are being 
met, the Holders may pass resolutions by simple majority of the voting rights participating in the vote. Resolutions 
which materially change the substance of the Terms and Conditions, in particular in the cases of Section 5 
paragraph 3 numbers 1 through 9 SchVG, or relating to material other matters may only be passed by a majority 
of at least 75 per cent. of the voting rights participating in the vote (a “Qualified Majority”). 
(3) 
Passing of resolutions. The Holders can pass resolutions in a meeting (Gläubigerversammlung) in accordance 
with Section 5 et seqq. of the SchVG or by means of a vote without a meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) 
in accordance with Section 18 and Section 5 et seqq. of the SchVG. 
(4) 
Holders’ meeting. If resolutions of the Holders shall be made by means of a meeting the convening notice will 
provide for further details relating to the resolutions and the voting procedure. The subject matter of the vote as 
well as the proposed resolutions shall be notified to the Holders together with the convening notice. Attendance 
at the meeting and exercise of voting rights is subject to the Holders’ registration. The registration must be received 
at the address stated in the convening notice no later than the third day preceding the meeting. As part of the 
registration, Holders must demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the vote by means of a special confirmation 
of the Custodian (as defined in § 14 (3)) in accordance with § 14(3)(i)(a) and (b) hereof in text form and by 
submission of a blocking instruction by the Custodian stating that the relevant Notes are not transferable from and 
including the day such registration has been sent until and including the stated end of the meeting. 
(5) 
Vote without a meeting. Together with casting their votes, Holders must demonstrate their eligibility to 
participate in the vote by means of a special confirmation of the Custodian in accordance with § 14(3)(i)(a) and 
(b) hereof in text form and by submission of a blocking instruction by the Custodian stating that the relevant Notes 
are not transferable from and including the day such votes have been cast until and including the day the voting 
period ends. 
(6) 
Second meeting. If it is ascertained that no quorum exists for the meeting pursuant to § 12(4) or the vote without 
a meeting pursuant to § 12(4), in case of a meeting the chairman may convene a second meeting in accordance 
with Section 15 paragraph 3 sentence 2 of the SchVG or in case of a vote without a meeting the scrutineer may 
convene a second meeting within the meaning of Section 15 paragraph 3 sentence 3 of the SchVG. Attendance at 
the second meeting and exercise of voting rights is subject to the Holders’ registration. The provisions set out in 
§ 12(4) shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Holders’ registration for a second meeting.

--- Page 84 ---
77 
 
 
 
 
(7) 
Holders’ representative. [If no Holders’ Representative is designated in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
the following applies: The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common representative to exercise the 
Holders’ rights on behalf of each Holder (the “Holders’ Representative”). 
The Holders’ Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority resolution 
of the Holders. The Holders’ Representative shall comply with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that 
the Holders’ Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, the Holders shall not be 
entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The 
Holders’ Representative shall provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply 
with regard to the recall and the other rights and obligations of the Holders’ Representative.] 
[If the Holders’ Representative is appointed in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the following applies: 
The joint representative (the “Holders’ Representative”) shall be [name and address]. The Holders’ 
Representative shall have the duties and responsibilities and powers provided for by law. The liability of the 
Holders’ Representative shall be limited to ten times of the amount of its annual remuneration, unless the Holders’ 
Representative has acted wilfully or with gross negligence. The provisions of the SchVG apply with respect to the 
dismissal of the Holders’ Representative and the other rights and obligations of the Holders’ Representative.] 
(8) 
Publication. Any notices concerning this § 12 shall be made exclusively pursuant to the provisions of the SchVG. 
(9) 
Amendments of guarantees. The provisions set out above applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis 
to any guarantee provided in relation to the Notes. 
§ 13 
(Notices) 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following applies: 
(1) 
Publication. Subject to § 12 (8), all notices concerning the Notes will be made by means of electronic publication 
on the internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Any notice will be deemed to have 
been validly given on the third day following the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the 
third day following the date of the first such publication). 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System. So long as any Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, subparagraph (1) shall apply. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange otherwise so permit, the 
Issuer may deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on a stock exchange other than on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange the following applies: 
(1) 
Publication. Subject to § 12 (8), all notices concerning the Notes will be made by means of electronic publication 
on the internet website of the stock exchange with respect to which the Issuer applied for listing of the Notes, if 
the rules of such stock exchange so permit. Any such notice will be deemed to have been validly given on the 
third day following the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day following the 
date of the first such publication). 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System. So long as any Notes are listed on such a stock exchange, subparagraph (1) 
shall apply. If the rules of such stock exchange otherwise so permit, the Issuer may deliver the relevant notice to 
the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth 
in subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the seventh day after the day 
on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted the following applies: 
Notification to Clearing System. Subject to § 12 (8), the Issuer will deliver all notices to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders 
on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
§ 14 
(Applicable Law, Place of Jurisdiction and Enforcement) 
(1) 
Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders and the Issuer, 
shall be governed in every respect by German law.

--- Page 85 ---
78 
 
 
 
 
(2) 
Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main shall have non- exclusive 
jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings (“Proceedings”) arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes. 
(3) 
Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any proceedings against the Issuer or to which such Holder and the 
Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own name his rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a 
statement issued by the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes 
(a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of Notes credited 
to such securities account on the date of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written 
notice to the Clearing System containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) which has been confirmed by the 
Clearing System; (ii) a copy of the Note in global form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer 
of the Clearing System or a depositary of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such proceedings 
of the actual records or the global note representing the Notes or (iii) any other means of proof permitted in legal 
proceedings in the country of enforcement. For purposes of the foregoing, “Custodian” means any bank or other 
financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities custody business with which the 
Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and which maintains an account with the Clearing 
System, and includes the Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce his rights under these Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the Proceedings. 
§ 15 
(Language) 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language only.

--- Page 86 ---
79 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
In case of Notes listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, the Final Terms of Notes will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
In case of Notes listed on any other stock exchange, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of Vier Gas Transport 
GmbH (www.viergas.de). 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES 
ONLY TARGET MARKET] [RETAIL INVESTORS TARGET MARKET] – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties[,] [and] professional clients [●], each as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate 
[including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]. [Consider any 
negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].][Insert further details on target 
market, client categories etc.] [Insert further details on target market, client categories etc.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALE TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended, to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (the “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended or superseded (the “IDD”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended or superseded (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.6] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (the “COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
                                              
6 
Einzufügen falls die Schuldverschreibungen „packaged” Produkte darstellen. To be inserted if the Notes will 
may constitute “packaged” products.

--- Page 87 ---
80 
 
 
 
 
 [Date] 
FINAL TERMS 
Vier Gas Transport GmbH 
LEI: 529900AGED6PJE9AVL37 
[Title of relevant Series of Notes] 
Series: [●], Tranche [●] 
issued pursuant to the 
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
dated 6 May 2022 
of 
Vier Gas Transport GmbH 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
Issue Date: [●]7 
Trade Date: [●] 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8 (5) in conjunction with Article 25 (4) of the Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended, and give details of an issue 
of Notes under the EUR 5,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme of Vier Gas Transport GmbH (the “Programme”) and 
are to be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 6 May 2022 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated 
[insert relevant date(s)],] (the “Base Prospectus”) and pertaining to the Programme. All relevant information on the Issuer 
and the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. Copies of 
the Base Prospectus as well as any supplements to the Base Prospectus [in the case of Notes to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange insert: and these Final Terms] are obtainable free of charge during 
normal business hours from the Fiscal Agent (Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom) and Vier Gas Transport GmbH (Kallenbergstraße 5, 45141 Essen, Germany) 
and also from the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
[This Tranche of Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series with [Title(s) of relevant Tranches of Notes] on [●].]8 
Part I.: TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
[A. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by replicating the 
relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I, Option II or Option III, including certain further 
options contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, insert: 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the “Conditions“) are as set out below. 
[in the case of Fixed Rate Notes replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I including relevant further options 
contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[in the case of Floating Rate Notes replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II including relevant further options 
contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[in the case of Zero Coupon Notes replicate here the relevant provisions of Option III including relevant further options 
contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders]] 
[B. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by referring to the 
relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I, Option II or Option III, including certain further 
options contained therein, respectively, insert: 
                                              
7 The Issue is the date of payment and settlement of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery date. 
8 To be inserted in the case that the Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series with one or several existing Tranches of Notes.

--- Page 88 ---
81 
 
 
 
 
This Part I. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] [Zero Coupon] Notes (the “Terms and Conditions“) set forth in the Base Prospectus as [Option I] [Option 
II] [Option III]. Capitalised terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and 
Conditions. 
All references in this Part I. of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to paragraphs and 
subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed to be 
completed with the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks of such 
provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in these Final Terms which are either not 
selected or not completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions applicable to 
the Notes (the “Conditions“). 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM (§ 1) 
Currency and Denomination 
 
Specified Currency 
[●] 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
[●] 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words 
[●] 
 
Specified Denomination 
[●] 
 
Permanent Global Note 
 
 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
Global Note9 
 
Classical Global Note (CGN) 
 
 
New Global Note (NGN) 
 
Clearing System 
 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
 
 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg 
 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Brussels 
 
 
additional or alternative Clearing System 
[specify details, 
including address] 
INTEREST (§ 3) 
 
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I) 
 
 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
 
 
Rate of Interest 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
[●] 
 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
[●] 
 
First Interest Payment Date 
[●] 
 
Initial Broken Amount 
(per Specified Denomination) 
[●] 
 
Last Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity Date 
[●] 
                                              
9 Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs.

--- Page 89 ---
82 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Broken Amount 
(per Specified Denomination) 
 
 
Number of regular Interest Payment Dates per calendar year 
[●] 
 
Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
 
 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
[●] 
 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
[●] 
 
Specified Interest Period(s) 
[number][weeks] 
[months] 
 
Business Day Convention10 
 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
FRN Convention 
[number] months 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
Business Day11 
 
 
relevant financial centre(s) 
 
 
TARGET 
 
 
Rate of Interest12 
 
 
EURIBOR 
Interest Determination 
Date [first] [second] 
[relevant financial 
centre(s)] Business Day 
[prior to 
commencement] of 
Interest Period 
 
Margin 
[plus] [minus] [●] per 
cent. per annum 
 
Discontinuation Event 
 
 
Period to determine a Successor Reference Interest Rate 
[30] [●] days 
 
Period to appoint an independent expert 
[30] [●] days 
 
Redemption date 
not be less than [number 
of days/TARGET 
Business Days] [days] 
[TARGET Business 
Days] after the date on 
which the Issuer gave 
notice to the Holders 
 
[Minimum] [Maximum] Rate of Interest 
[●] per cent. per annum 
                                              
10 Specify in case of Floating Rate Notes. 
11 Specify in case of Floating Rate Notes. 
12 Specify in case of Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 90 ---
83 
 
 
 
 
 
Zero Coupon Notes (Option III) 
 
 
Amortized Face Amount 
 
 
Reference Price 
[●] 
 
Amortization Yield 
[●] 
Day Count Fraction 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
 
30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
 
 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis 
 
PAYMENTS (§ 4) 
Payment Business Day 
 
Relevant Financial Center(s) 
[●] 
 
Clearing System and TARGET2 
 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
Final Redemption 
 
Maturity Date13 
[●] 
Early Redemption 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for reason of Minimal Outstanding 
Principal Amount 
[Yes/No] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at specified Call Redemption Amounts 
[Yes/No] 
 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
[Not applicable.] [●] 
 
Call Redemption Period(s) 
[Not applicable.] [●] 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
[●] 
 
Minimum Notice14 
[●] 
 
Maximum Notice 
[●] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Early Redemption Amount 
[Yes/No] 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
 
Percentage above Comparable Benchmark Yield 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
Relevant benchmark security 
 
 
 
 
Euro denominated benchmark debt security of the Federal Republic of 
Germany 
 
 
 
 
Other relevant benchmark security 
[●] 
 
 
 
Specification of benchmark security: maturity, ISIN 
[●] 
 
 
 
as daily published by the Deutsche Bundesbank on its website 
www.bundesbank.de 
 
 
 
 
Relevant time 
[●] 
                                              
13 Minimum maturity of one year following the Issue Date. 
14 Euroclear requires a minimum notice period of five days.

--- Page 91 ---
84 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Relevant screen page 
[●] 
 
 
Maturity Date 
 
 
 
First call date 
[●] 
 
Minimum Notice15 
[●] 
 
Maximum Notice 
[●] 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder 
[Yes/No] 
 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
[●] 
 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
[●] 
 
Minimum Notice 
[●] days 
 
Maximum Notice (not more than 60 days) 
[●] days 
THE FISCAL AGENT[,] [AND] THE PAYING AGENT [AND THE CALCULATION AGENT] (§ 6) 
Calculation Agent 
[Yes/No] 
 
 
Fiscal Agent 
 
 
 
Other 
[●] 
 
 
Specified Office 
[●] 
 
 
 
Required Location 
[●] 
AMENDMENTS OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS, JOINT 
REPRESENTATIVE (§ 12) 
Holder’s Representative 
 
No Holder’s Representative is designated in the Conditions. 
 
 
A Holder’s Representative is appointed in the Conditions. 
 
 
Name of Holders’ Representative 
[●] 
 
Address of Holders’ Representative 
[●]] 
 
                                              
15 Euroclear requires a minimum notice period of five days.

--- Page 92 ---
85 
 
 
 
 
Part II.: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION16 
A. Essential information 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
The use and estimated net amount of the proceeds 
[specify details] 
Eurosystem eligibility 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility (NGN)17 
[Yes/No] 
 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation “Yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “No” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility (CBF)18 
 
 
 
[Note that the ticked box means that the Notes are 
intended upon issue to be deposited with Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt and that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] 
 
Not applicable (CGN)19 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 20 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors21 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
B. Information concerning the securities to be admitted to trading 
Securities Identification Numbers 
 
Common Code 
[●] 
                                              
16 
There is no obligation to complete Part II. of the Final Terms in its entirety in case of Notes that will not be listed on any regulated market within 
the European Economic Area. To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
17 
Only applicable for Instruments in NGN form. Select “ Yes” if the Instruments are to be kept in custody by an ICSD as common safekeeper. Select 
“ No” if the Instruments are to be kept in custody by the common service provider as common safekeeper. 
18 
Select if the Instruments are intended upon issue to be deposited with Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt. 
19 
Select if the Instruments are in CGN form. 
20 
If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products 
and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.  
21 
If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the United Kingdom, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.

--- Page 93 ---
86 
 
 
 
 
ISIN 
[●] 
German Securities Code (WKN) 
[●] 
Classification of Financial Instrument Code (CFI Code)22 
[●] 
Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN)23 
[●] 
Any other securities number 
[●] 
Yield to final maturity24 
[●] 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by virtue of 
which the Notes will be created 
[Specify details] 
C. 
Distribution Method of distribution 
 
Method of distribution 
 
Non-syndicated 
 
 
Syndicated 
 
[Management Details 
Specify Management Group or Dealer (names and addresses) 
[●]] 
Commissions 
 
Management/Underwriting Commission (specify) 
[●] 
Selling Concession (specify) 
[●] 
Listing Commission (specify) 
[●] 
Stabilisation Manager(s) 
[insert details/None] 
Selling restrictions 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions 
[●] [C Rules/D Rules] 
D. Listing(s) and admission to trading 
[Yes/No] 
 
Official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
Other 
[●] 
Date of admission 
[●] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to trading 
[●] 
E. Additional Information 
 
Rating of the Notes 
[Not applicable] [●] 
 
The Notes to be issued have been rated as follows 25 
 
 
 
Moody’s 
[insert detail] 
 
 
[Other] 
[insert detail] 
 
The Notes have not been rated 
 
                                              
22 If the CFI Code is not required, requested or available, it should be specified to be “ Not applicable”. 
23 If the FISN is not required, requested or available, it should be specified to be “ Not applicable”. 
24 Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes. 
25 Include brief explanation of the meaning of the rating if this has previously been published by the rating provider.

--- Page 94 ---
87 
 
 
 
 
[specify whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Union and is registered or has applied for 
registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 
2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). The European Securities and Markets Authority 
publishes on its website (www.esma.europa.eu) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. That list is updated within five working days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 
CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European 
Union within 30 days following such update.] 
E. Additional Information 
[Third Party Information 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms that 
any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer have not independently verified any such information and accept no 
responsibility for the accuracy thereof.] 
Vier Gas Transport GmbH 
 
[Name and title of signatory]

--- Page 95 ---
88 
 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Except as disclosed in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable, the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will 
be used by the Issuer for general corporate purposes. If in respect of any particular issue there is a particular identified use 
of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 96 ---
89 
 
 
 
 
WARNING REGARDING TAXATION 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO 
THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF NOTES, INCLUDING 
THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL TAXES, UNDER THE TAX LAWS OF LUXEMBOURG AND 
GERMANY AND EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY ARE RESIDENTS OR WHICH THEY MAY OTHERWISE 
BE LIABLE FOR TAXES. THE RESPECTIVE RELEVANT TAX LEGISLATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON 
THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES.

--- Page 97 ---
90 
 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Underwriting 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified herein and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer, which appointment may be for a specific issue (“Dealer 
of the Day“) or on an ongoing basis (together, the “Dealers“). The Notes will be distributed on a syndicated or 
non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers specified herein and any additional 
Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer. The arrangements under which Notes may from 
time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in the Dealer Agreement and made 
between the Issuer and the Dealers specified herein. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and 
terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the 
commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment 
of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
A subscription agreement prepared in connection with a particular Tranche of Notes, if any, will typically be dated on or 
about the respective date of the Final Terms applicable to such Tranche of Notes. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, 
distributes or publishes the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material and will obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither 
the Issuer, nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional restrictions as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
European Economic Area 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant State”) that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may, make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for 
any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in any Relevant 
State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and the Council of 14 June 2017, 
as amended.

--- Page 98 ---
91 
 
 
 
 
United States of America (the “United States“) 
(a) 
With regard to each Tranche, each Dealer has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be registered 
under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and the Notes may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken and each further Dealer to be appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer 
or sell, any Notes constituting part of its allotment within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons, (x) as part of its distribution at any time or (y) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering and the closing date. Accordingly, each Dealer has further represented, warranted 
and undertaken and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant 
and undertake that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will 
engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to the Notes, neither it nor they have offered or sold Notes to, 
or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person, and it and they have complied with, and will comply with, the 
offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the later of (i) the commencement of the offering and (ii) the issue date of the Notes, 
in each case an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by a dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
(b) 
With regard to each Tranche, each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken and each further Dealer to 
be appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake that it has not entered and 
will not enter into any contractual arrangement with respect to the distribution or delivery of Notes, except with 
its affiliates or with the prior written consent of the Issuer. 
(c) 
The Notes may be subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
(d) 
Notes will be issued in accordance with the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor 
U.S. Treasury Regulation section including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore 
Employment Act of 2010) (the “TEFRA D Rules”). 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken and each further Dealer to be appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the TEFRA D Rules, (i) it has not offered or sold, and during the 
40-day restricted period will not offer or sell, Notes to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) it has not delivered and will not deliver within the United 
States or its possessions definitive Notes that are sold during the restricted period; 
(ii) 
it has, and throughout the restricted period will have, in effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure 
that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes are aware that such Notes may not 
be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions 
or to a United States person, except as permitted by the TEFRA D Rules; 
(iii) 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it has represented that it is acquiring the Notes for purposes of 
resale, in connection with their original issuance and if such Dealer retains Notes for its own account, it 
will only do so in accordance with the requirements of U. S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or any 
successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section including, without limitation, regulations issued in 
accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. 
Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010); and 
(iv) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes for the purposes of offering or selling 
such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (x) repeats and confirms the representations 
and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above on such affiliate’s behalf or (y) 
agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the purchaser of the Notes and the Issuer 
the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above. 
Terms used in this paragraph (d) have the meanings given to them by the U. S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and 
regulations promulgated thereunder, including the TEFRA D Rules.

--- Page 99 ---
92 
 
 
 
 
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (“United Kingdom”) 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated 
an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) 
received by it in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it 
in relation to the Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
to be appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly 
or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for reoffering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from 
the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and 
ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 100 ---
93 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, borrowers from or creditors of the Issuer and its affiliates. 
In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with and may perform services for Vier Gas and its affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business. Furthermore, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes 
issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into 
hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, 
their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
Moreover, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array 
of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Is suer consistent with 
their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by the Managing Board of the Issuer on 22 August 2018. Going 
forward, the annual update of the Programme will be duly authorised by the Managing Board of the Issuer, as provided for 
in the existing resolution of the shareholders of the Issuer relating to the Programme of 22 August 2018. 
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection 
with the issue and performance of its obligations under the Notes. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Programme to be admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official lis t of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed on other or further stock exchanges, as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each issue. Notes may further be issued under the Programme which will not be 
listed on any stock exchange. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, 
Federal Republic of Germany (“CBF“), Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg (“CBL“) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Kingdom of 
Belgium (“Euroclear“). The appropriate German securities number (“WKN“) (if any), Common Code and ISIN for each 
Tranche of Notes allocated by CBF, CBL and Euroclear as well as the Classification of Financial Instrument Code (CFI 
Code) (if any) and the Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) (if any) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent 
The Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent is Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
London E14 5LB, United Kingdom.

--- Page 101 ---
94 
 
 
 
 
Documents on Display 
As long as this Base Prospectus is valid, copies of the following documents will, when published, be available free of 
charge during normal business hours and at reasonable times from the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent: 
(i) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation where applicable) of the Issuer, available via the website 
www.viergas.de; 
(ii) 
the audited and consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 
as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020; 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(iv) 
any supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
In the case of Notes listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Final Terms will be displayed on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 102 ---
95 
 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have been published previously or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus 
and filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the English language version of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the fiscal 
year ended 31 December 2021 prepared in accordance with IFRS, included in the Vier Gas Transport GmbH group 
management report and consolidated financial statements for fiscal year 2021 (the “Financial Statements 2021”); 
and 
(b) 
the English language version of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the fiscal 
year ended 31 December 2020 prepared in accordance with IFRS, included in the Vier Gas Transport GmbH group 
management report and consolidated financial statements for fiscal year 2020 (the “Financial Statements 2020”). 
The pages specified below of the following documents which have been published or which are published simultaneously 
with this Base Prospectus and filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus (English language version; page reference is to pages of the pdf file): 
1. Financial Statements 2021 
 
Page numbers refer to the PDF document: 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
page 22 
Consolidated Income Statement 
page 23 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
page 23 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
page 24 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
page 25 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
pages 26 to 60 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
pages 61 to 66 
The Issuer’s Financial Statements 2021 can be found on the following website: 
https://viergas.de/_Resources/Persistent/8/a/d/4/8ad4077f67c1024ebce4b5097bc1b75339063382/2021_12_VGT%2
0Group%20Annual%20Report.pdf 
 
 
2. Financial Statements 2020 
 
Page numbers refer to the PDF document: 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
page 24 
Consolidated Income Statement 
page 25 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
page 25 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
page 26 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
page 27 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
pages 28 to 62 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
pages 63 to 69 
The Issuer’s Financial Statements 2020 can be found on the following website: 
https://viergas.de/_Resources/Persistent/c/4/7/5/c475dadf257e6fcdbe8d34e9d88d68c9ba7a492e/VGT%20Group%20
Annual%20Report%202020.pdf

--- Page 103 ---
96 
 
 
 
 
The financial statements and audit opinions mentioned above are English language translations of the respective German 
language audited financial statements and audit opinions. The respective audit opinions refer to the respective consolidated 
financial statements and group management reports of the Issuer, as a whole, and not solely to the respective consolidated 
financial statements or annual financial statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Any information not incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus but contained in one of the documents mentioned 
as source documents in the cross-reference lists above is either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Availability of documents incorporated by reference 
All documents incorporated herein by reference are available free of charge and may be inspected during usual business 
hours on any working day at the office of the Issuer as set out at the end of this Base Prospectus. In addition, such documents 
will be available free of charge and may be inspected during normal business hours on any working day from the date 
hereof at the principal office of the Fiscal Agent and will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) for Notes listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 104 ---
97 
 
 
 
 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
ISSUER 
Vier Gas Transport GmbH 
Kallenbergstraße 5 
45141 Essen 
Germany 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
ARRANGER 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
Taunusanlage 17 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
To the Dealers 
White & Case LLP 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 20 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Clifford Chance Partnerschaft mbB 
Junghofstraße 14 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
 
AUDITORS 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Huyssenallee 58 
45128 Essen 
Germany