--- Page 1 ---
WS0101.34619409.1 
  
(incorporated as a société anonyme in France) 
Euro 12,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Due from one year from the date of original issue 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this base prospectus (the "Programme"), VINCI (the "Issuer", "VINCI" or the "Company"), 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the "Notes"). The aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed Euro 12,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This document constitutes a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation") and shall be in force for a period of one (1) year as of 12 July 2022, provided that it shall be completed by any supplement pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
This Base Prospectus has received the approval number 22-297 on 12 July 2022 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") in its capacity as 
competent authority in France under the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or 
the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Notes. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris during the period of twelve (12) months from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on 
markets in financial instruments, as amended (a "Regulated Market"). However, Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may also be unlisted or listed and 
admitted to trading on any other market including any Regulated Market in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). The relevant 
final terms (the "Final Terms") (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be 
admitted to trading, and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market. 
Notes will be in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note listed and admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000, and if 
the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date, or such higher amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant specified currency. Notes 
may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes") as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire 
et financier. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear 
France ("Euroclear France") (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. ("Clearstream") or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in 
Condition 1(c)(iv)), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in 
the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders.  
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without 
interest coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global 
Certificate will be exchanged for Definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for interest attached, on or after a date 
expected to be on or about the fortieth (40th) day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in "Temporary Global Certificates 
issued in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes") upon certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined in "General Description of the Programme") intended to be cleared through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a 
Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be 
deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The Issuer has been rated A- (stable) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and A3 (stable) by Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. 
("Moody’s"). The Programme has been rated A- by S&P and A3 (senior unsecured debt) by Moody's. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Notes, whether Unsubordinated or Subordinated (all as defined in "General Description of the Programme"), will have such rating, if any, as is 
assigned to them by the relevant rating organisation as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating assigned under the Programme. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), or by a credit rating agency which is certified under 
the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom (the "UK") and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") or by 
a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. The list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is published on the European Securities and Markets Authority's website (the "ESMA") 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs). In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
See "Risk Factors" below for certain information relevant to an investment in the Notes to be issued under the Programme.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
WS0101.34619409.1 
 
Arranger 
NATIXIS 
Dealers 
BBVA 
CIC MARKET SOLUTIONS 
HSBC 
MUFG 
NATWEST MARKETS 
SMBC  
UNICREDIT 
BNP PARIBAS 
CREDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
MIZUHO SECURITIES 
NATIXIS 
SANTANDER GLOBAL CORPORATE & 
INVESTMENT BANKING 
SOCIETE GENERALE  
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 12 July 2022

--- Page 3 ---
WS0101.34619409.1 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto from time to time), constitutes a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and contains or incorporates by 
reference all necessary information concerning the Issuer and its subsidiaries (together with the Issuer, 
the "Group") which is material for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profits 
and losses, financial position and prospects of the Issuer and the Group, as well as the terms and 
conditions of the Notes to be issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to each 
Tranche (as defined in "General Description of the Programme") not contained herein (including, 
without limitation, the aggregate nominal amount, issue price, redemption price thereof, and interest, 
if any, payable thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of 
the issue on the basis of the then prevailing market conditions and will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with any document and/or information 
which is or may be incorporated herein by reference in accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus 
Regulation (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below) and each of which shall be 
incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus in relation to any Series (as defined in "General 
Description of the Programme") of Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the 
Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States and may include Materialised Notes in bearer form that are subject to 
U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or, in the case 
of Materialised Notes in bearer form, delivered, within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) or, in the 
case of Materialised Notes in bearer form, the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"U.S Internal Revenue Code" and the regulations thereunder). The Notes are being offered and sold 
outside the United States in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. For 
a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale" below.  
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information or representations contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any 
representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the sincerity, accuracy 
or completeness of any of the information or representations in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme (including any 
information incorporated by reference) (i) are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation and (ii) should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or 
the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme (including financial statements) should purchase the Notes. Each prospective 
investor of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation 
as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger has reviewed or undertakes to review the 
financial condition or financial affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of 
any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€", 
"Euro", "EUR" or "euro" are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union which was introduced on 1 January 1999, references to "$", "USD" 
and "U.S. Dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, references to "£", "GBP" 
and "Sterling" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to "¥", "JPY", "Japanese 
yen" and "Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan and references to "Swiss francs" or "CHF" are to 
the lawful currency of Switzerland. 
In this Base Prospectus, any discrepancies in any table between totals and the sums of the amounts listed 
in such table are due to rounding.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
WS0101.34619409.1 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID 
II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of 
the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration such determination; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A 
determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II 
Product Governance Rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 (the "MiFID II 
Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer 
under the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 
18 of the Guidelines on MiFID II product governance requirements published by ESMA on 5 February 
2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative 
5 materials”), and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor (as 
defined above) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, 
for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a UK MiFIR regulated entity and does not qualify 
as a distributor or a manufacturer under the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
WS0101.34619409.1 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................................... 6 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND ITS OPERATIONS ........................................ 12 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES ................................................................................... 13 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS ...................................................................................................... 23 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 26 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................................................................................... 30 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .................................................................................... 31 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER 
NOTES .................................................................................................................................................... 98 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................... 100 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS .............................................................................................................. 101 
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY .............................................................................................................. 102 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .............................................................................................................. 103 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................. 106 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................... 126 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..... 129

--- Page 6 ---
6 
WS0101.34619409.1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and should be read together 
with this Base Prospectus from which it is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus. The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on pages 31 to 97 of this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
This General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, and is not 
intended to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or any implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below shall have the same meaning in this 
general description of the Programme. 
Issuer: 
VINCI 
LEI (Legal Entity 
Identifier): 
213800WFQ334R8UXUG83 
Risk factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfill its obligations under 
the Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out under "Risk Factors relating to 
the Issuer and its operations" below.  
There are certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme including general risks relating to the 
Notes and risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes. These are set out 
under "Risk Factors relating to the Notes" below. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the issue of Notes (the "Programme") 
Arranger: 
Natixis 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
BNP Paribas 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any dealer under the 
Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one or more Tranches or in 
respect of the whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to "Permanent 
Dealers" are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such additional persons that are 
appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not 
been terminated) and to "Dealers" are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed 
as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Programme Limit: 
Euro 12,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue) aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
The amount of the Programme may be increased from time to time in accordance with the 
terms of the Dealer Agreement (as defined under "Subscription and Sale" below). 
Fiscal Agent, 
Principal Paying 
BNP Paribas Securities Services

--- Page 7 ---
7 
WS0101.34619409.1 
Agent, 
Redenomination 
Agent, 
Consolidation Agent 
and Calculation 
Agent: 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.  
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all applicable relevant laws, regulations and directives, any 
maturity from one year from the date of original issue. 
An extended maturity date may be specified in the relevant Final Terms of a Series of 
Notes in accordance with the applicable Conditions.  
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes may be 
issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Denomination(s): 
The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) or such 
other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Dematerialised Notes will be issued in one denomination only. 
Status of the 
Unsubordinated 
Notes: 
Unsubordinated notes ("Unsubordinated Notes") will constitute direct, general, 
unconditional, unsecured (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time 
mandatory under French law) equally and rateably with all other present or future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
Status of the 
Subordinated Notes: 
Subordinated notes ("Subordinated Notes") will be unsecured subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer and will rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and 
pari passu with any other unsecured subordinated obligations of the Issuer but in priority 
to any prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, as set out in Condition 3(b) (Status of 
Subordinated Notes). 
 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the payment of interest in respect of 
Subordinated Notes without a specified maturity date ("Undated Subordinated Notes") 
may be deferred in accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(i) (Interest and Other 
Calculations). 
Negative Pledge: 
There will be a negative pledge in respect of Unsubordinated Notes as set out in Condition 
4 (Negative Pledge). 
Events of Default  
(including cross 
default): 
There will be events of default, including cross-default, in respect of Unsubordinated 
Notes as set out in Condition 9(a) and limited events of default only in respect of 
Subordinated Notes as set out in Condition 9(b) (Events of Default). 
Redemption 
Amount: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the redemption amounts payable calculated on the 
basis as specified in the Conditions. 
Redemption by 
Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are redeemable in two or 
more instalments will set out the dates on which, and the amounts in which, such Notes 
may be redeemed. 
Optional 
Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether such Notes 
may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity, as may be extended, at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders and if so the terms applicable to 
such redemption, in accordance with the provisions of the Conditions.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
WS0101.34619409.1 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption" above and "Residual Maturity Call Option", 
"Make-whole Redemption", "Acquisition Event Call Option", "Squeeze Out Option" 
below, the Notes (i) will, at the option of the Issuer, or shall, in some circumstances, be 
redeemable for taxation reasons (Condition 6(g)) and (ii) will be redeemable at the option 
of the Issuer for illegality (Condition 6(j)), in both cases prior to their maturity, as may be 
extended. 
See Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options). 
Residual Maturity 
Call: 
In addition, unless specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may 
redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time during the period starting on (and 
including) the Initial Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) and ending on (but excluding) the Maturity Date.  
Make-whole 
Redemption: 
Unless specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will have the 
option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, on any Make-Whole Redemption Date, 
prior to their Maturity Date, at the Make-whole Redemption Amount. 
Acquisition Event 
Call Option: 
If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
and an Acquisition Event occurs, the Issuer shall either (a) redeem all, but not some only, 
of the Notes at the Acquisition Event Redemption Amount or (b) waive its right to call the 
Notes. 
Squeeze Out 
Option: 
Unless specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms and if a percentage, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, which shall not be lower than seventy-five (75) per 
cent. of the original aggregate principal amount of the Notes of any Series (the "Squeeze 
Out Amount") has been redeemed or repurchased by the Issuer, the Issuer may, at any 
time prior to the Maturity Date, redeem, at its option, all (but not some only) of the 
remaining Notes of that Series at their principal amount, together with interest accrued to 
but excluding the Squeeze Out Redemption Date, and where applicable, any Arrears of 
Interest. 
Redemption at the 
Option of 
Noteholders: 
If an Investor Put is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of 
the Noteholder, redeem its Notes on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption 
including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest. 
Redemption at the 
option of 
Noteholders 
following a Change 
of Control: 
If at any time while any of the Notes remains outstanding, there occurs a Change of Control 
and (only if, at the start of the Change of Control Period any of the Notes are rated by any 
Rating Agency) within the Change of Control Period a Rating Downgrade in respect of 
that Change of Control occurs, the holder of each Note will have the option (unless, prior 
to the giving of a Put Event Notice by a Noteholder, the Issuer gives notice to the 
Noteholders of its intention to redeem the Notes) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the 
Issuer's option, to procure the purchase of that Note. 
Interest Periods and 
Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest rate or its method 
of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have 
a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both.  
Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed equal to zero. All such information will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, "Minimum Rate of Interest" 
shall refer to the relevant rate plus any relevant margin. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series on the basis 
and by reference to the fluctuating rate or benchmark (or any reference rate that might 
replace them) as specified in the relevant Final Terms and on the basis of the Conditions. 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Benchmark Event: 
If a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate specified in the

--- Page 9 ---
9 
WS0101.34619409.1 
relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (with 
consequent amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and the application of an 
adjustment spread). 
Inverse Floating 
Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series on the 
basis and by reference to a Fixed Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms minus a 
Floating Rate, specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Formula Rate 
Notes: 
Formula Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series on the basis 
and by reference to a Formula Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms and on the 
basis of the Conditions.  
Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will automatically, or that the 
Issuer or Noteholder(s) may elect to, convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount to it and will 
not bear interest. 
Inflation Linked 
Notes: 
Inflation Linked Notes may be issued by the Issuer where the interest and/or the principal 
in respect of such Notes will be calculated by reference to an inflation index ratio derived 
from either: 
- 
the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan 
France, as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National de la 
Statistique et des Etudes Economiques or the relevant successor index; or 
- 
the harmonized index of consumer price excluding tobacco, or the relevant 
successor index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union 
excluding tobacco as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat or the relevant 
successor index; or  
- 
the U.K. Retail Price Index (all items) published by the Office of National Statistics 
or the relevant successor index. 
Dual Currency 
Notes: 
Payments of interest in respect of Dual Currency Notes will be made in such currencies, 
and based on such rates of exchange, as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Taxation: 
1. All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required 
by law. 
 
2. If French law should require that payments of principal or interest (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any Arrears of Interest) in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon be 
subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future French taxes or 
duties whatsoever, the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 8 (Taxation) and to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
 
Further Issues and 
Consolidation: 
The Issuer may from time to time issue further Notes to be assimilated (assimilables) and 
form a single Series with the Notes provided such Notes and the further Notes carry rights 
identical in all respects and that the terms of such further notes provide for such 
assimilation. 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of one or more together Series, 
whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, 
provided such other Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated 
in Euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such 
consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
WS0101.34619409.1 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in 
materialised form ("Materialised Notes"). 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form ("Materialised Bearer Notes") 
only. A Temporary Global Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each Tranche of 
Materialised Bearer Notes. Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France. 
Noteholders: 
Noteholders will be grouped automatically for the defence of their respective common 
interests in a masse (the "Masse") governed by the provisions of the French Code de 
commerce subject to certain exceptions and as supplemented by the provisions of the 
Conditions. The Masse will be a separate legal entity, and will be acting in part through a 
representative and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders which may be 
taken in a General Meeting or by way of a Written Resolution. 
Governing Law: 
French law.  
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes and, in relation 
to Materialised Notes, Clearstream and Euroclear or any other clearing system that may 
be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of 
Dematerialised 
Notes: 
Not later than one (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the lettre comptable or, as the case may be, the application form 
relating to such Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
Initial Delivery of 
Materialised Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Bearer Notes, the Temporary 
Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be deposited with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or with any other clearing system or may be 
delivered outside any clearing system provided that the method of such delivery has been 
agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to their nominal 
amount. The Issue Price will be indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Settlement 
procedure of the 
Notes, including 
derivative Notes: 
Any Notes (including Inflation Linked Notes) issued under the Programme as 
Dematerialised Notes will be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France as central 
depositary. 
Any Notes (including Inflation Linked Notes) issued under the Programme as Materialised 
Bearer Notes will be represented initially upon issue by Temporary Global Certificates and 
will be accepted for clearance through Clearstream or Euroclear or any other relevant 
clearing system. 
Any amount due and payable in respect of any Notes (including Inflation Linked Notes) 
issued under the Programme will be paid in cash. 
Approval -
Admission to 
trading and listing: 
Application has been made to the AMF to approve this document as a base prospectus. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris during the period of twelve (12) months from 
the date of the approval granted by the AMF on this Base Prospectus for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further stock 
exchanges or markets (including any other Regulated Market) agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to the Series. Notes which are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
The relevant Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or 
admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Method of 
Publication: 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms related to Notes 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market will be published on the website of the Issuer 
(www.vinci.com) and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). If the Notes are 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris, the relevant Final 
Terms will provide whether additional methods of publication are required and describe 
any such methods.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
WS0101.34619409.1 
No offer to retail 
investors: 
The Notes shall not be offered to retail investors in France and/or in any other Member 
State of the EEA and/or in the UK. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the sale of Notes and the distribution of offering material in 
various jurisdictions. See "Subscription and Sale". In connection with the offering and sale 
of a particular Tranche, additional selling restrictions may be imposed which will be set 
out in the relevant supplement to the Base Prospectus. 
 
The Notes constitute Category 2 securities for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
 
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) and any successor regulation issued under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 as amended (the "Code") section 4701(b) containing rules similar to those that 
currently apply under section 163(f)(2)(B) of the Code (the "D Rules") unless (i) the 
relevant Final Terms states that such Materialised Notes are issued in compliance with 
U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) of the Code and any successor regulation issued 
under section 4701(b) of the Code containing rules similar to those that currently apply 
under section 163(f)(2)(B) of the Code (the "C Rules") or (ii) such Materialised Notes are 
issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in 
which the Notes will not constitute registration required obligations under the United 
States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which circumstances 
will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable.  
The TEFRA rules do not apply to any Dematerialised Notes.  
Rating: 
The Issuer has been rated A- (stable) by S&P and A3 (stable) by Moody's. The Programme 
has been rated A- by S&P and A3 (senior unsecured debt) by Moody's. Notes issued under 
the Programme may be rated or unrated. Notes, whether Unsubordinated or Subordinated, 
will have such rating, if any, as is assigned to them by the relevant rating organisation as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned under the Programme.  
The list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is 
published on the European Securities and Markets Authority's website (the "ESMA") 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs). In general, UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. The relevant Final Terms will specify 
whether or not such credit ratings are (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union, and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or by a 
credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in UK and registered UK CRA Regulation 
or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.  
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will (as specified in the Final 
Terms) be applied by the Issuer either (a) to finance its general activities, or (b) to finance 
or refinance, in part or in full, (i) eligible green projects, (ii) eligible social projects, or (iii) 
sustainability projects (being a combination of both green and social projects), as further 
described in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
WS0101.34619409.1 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND ITS OPERATIONS 
 
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer and are material for an informed investment with 
respect to investing in Notes issued under the Programme are described in the 2021 Universal Registration 
Document. In each category of the risk factors relating to the Issuer and its operations in the 2021 Universal 
Registration Document, the Issuer sets out the most material risk and specifies their level of materiality, in its 
assessment, taking into account the expected magnitude of their negative impact, after also taking into account 
any mitigation measure resulting from such internal risk management process, and the probability of their 
occurrence. The risks that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfill its obligations issued under the Programme 
are set out in particular on pages 158 to 171 and 326 to 332 of the 2021 Universal Registration Document 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, as set out in the section headed "Documents Incorporated 
by Reference" on pages 26 to 29 of this Base Prospectus.  
 
The risks relating to the issuer and its operation are as follows: 
 
 
operational risks 
- 
business risks 
- 
acquisition and disposal of companies 
 
 
legal risks 
- 
contractual relationships 
- 
legal and regulatory compliance 
 
 
cyber risks 
- 
cyberattacks 
- 
fraud 
 
 
workforce-related and other social risks 
- 
human rights 
- 
health, safety and security of employees and subcontractors 
- 
attracting and retaining talent 
 
 
environment risk 
- 
physical risks related to climate change 
- 
increasing scarcity of resources 
- 
environmental quality and presence of contaminants 
 
 
ethical risks in the course of business 
 
 
financial and economic risks 
- 
changes in the economic and tax environment 
- 
financial risks

--- Page 13 ---
13 
WS0101.34619409.1 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The following paragraphs describe some risk factors that are specific and material to the Notes to be admitted 
to trading in order to assess the market risk associated with these Notes. 
 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. The Issuer does not 
represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. 
 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. They should consult their own financial and legal advisers about risks associated with 
investment in a particular Series of Notes and the suitability of investing in the Notes in light of their particular 
circumstances. 
 
In each category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risks, in its assessment, taking into account 
the expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence. 
 
Terms used but not defined in this section will have the meaning given to them in the section entitled "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes". 
 
1. 
Risks related to all Series of Notes 
1.1 
Credit Risk 
An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. Since the Notes are unsecured 
unsubordinated or subordinated obligations of the Issuer as described in Condition 3 (Status), benefiting from 
no direct recourse to any assets or guarantees, the Noteholders can only rely on the ability of the Issuer to pay 
any amount due under the Notes. The value of the Notes will depend on the creditworthiness of the Issuer (as 
may be impacted by the risks related to the Issuer). If the credit worthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, the 
potential impact on the Noteholders could be significant : the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its 
payment obligations under the Notes, the value of the Notes may decrease and investors may lose all or part 
of their investment. 
1.2 
French Insolvency Law  
As a société anonyme incorporated in France, French insolvency law applies to the Issuer. In the event that the 
Issuer becomes insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France 
to the extent that, where applicable, the "centre of main interests" (as construed under Regulation (EU) 
2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer is located in France.  
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 June 2019 on preventive 
restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, and on measures to increase the 
efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt and amending Directive 
(EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into French law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 
2021. Such Ordonnance, applicable as from 1st October 2021, amends French insolvency law notably with 
regard to the process of adoption of restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this 
Ordonnance, "affected parties" (including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in 
separate classes for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that 
each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest based on 
verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate 
assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any 
other affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types 
of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden: (i) by a cram down inside their class if 
grouped with other creditors; or (ii) by a cross-class cram down between classes. 
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the participating 
members, no quorum being required. 
 
If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, it can still be ratified by the court at 
the request of the Issuer or the receiver with the Issuer's consent and be imposed on dissenting classes through 
a cross-class cram down, under certain conditions.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
WS0101.34619409.1 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of Noteholders described in Condition 
11 (Representation of Noteholders) will not be applicable to the extent they are not in compliance with 
compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances. 
 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer could have a material adverse impact on the 
market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. As a consequence, any decision taken by a class of affected parties, 
could substantially and adversely impact the Noteholders and even cause them to lose all or part of their 
investment, should they not be able to recover amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
1.3 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders) provides that the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in 
any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a Masse and a General 
Meeting of Noteholders can be held or a Written Resolution (each as defined in Condition 11 (Representation 
of Noteholders)) can be taken (together, the "Collective Decisions"). This Condition permits defined 
majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend (or were not represented) and did 
not vote at the relevant General Meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority and 
Noteholders who did not respond to, or rejected, a Written Resolution. While it is not possible to assess the 
likelihood that the Conditions will need to be amended by way of such a Collective Decision, if such a 
Collective Decision were to be taken, it is possible that a majority of Noteholders could adopt a decision that 
would modify the Conditions in a way that could impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders. However, the 
likelihood of a majority of Noteholders adopting a decision that would have a significant adverse effect on the 
Noteholders should not be overplayed. 
2. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
The Programme allows for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Tranche of Notes may 
carry varying risks for potential investors depending on the specific features of such Notes such as, inter alia, 
the provisions for computation of periodic interest payments, if any, redemption and issue price. Set out below 
is a description of the most common of such features: 
2.1 
Early redemption risks  
2.1.1 
An early redemption could cause the yield anticipated by Noteholders to be considerably less 
than anticipated 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to 
any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the country of 
domicile (or residence for tax purposes) by the Issuer, or on behalf of France, or any political subdivision 
thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may, and in some circumstances 
must, redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application of such law, becoming 
effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to comply or perform with one or more 
of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will redeem all, but not some only, outstanding Notes in 
accordance with the Conditions. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes 
are redeemable at the Issuer’s option in certain other circumstances (Conditions 6(d)(i) (Call Option), (ii) 
(Residual Maturity Call Option), (iii) (Make-whole Redemption) and (iv) (Acquisition Event Call Option) and 
Condition 6(l) (Squeeze Out Option), the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing 
interest rates may be relatively low. During a period when the Issuer may elect, or has elected, to redeem 
Notes, such Notes may feature a market value not substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  
As a consequence of early redemption, the yield anticipated by the Noteholders could be considerably less 
than anticipated and Noteholders could lose part of their investment as the Notes may have been trading above 
par. In addition, investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be 
able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. Prospective investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
WS0101.34619409.1 
2.1.2 
A partial redemption at the option of the Issuer or redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not 
exercised 
The Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer provided in Condition 6(d)(iii) or the Redemption at the Option 
of the Issuer provided in Condition 6(d)(i) are exercisable in whole or in part and exercise of such options by 
the Issuer in respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of 
which such option is not exercised and may have a direct and negative impact on any remaining Noteholders 
seeking to dispose of their Notes. 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which a partial redemption of the Notes at 
the option of the Noteholders is made, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such 
option is not exercised may become illiquid, which depending on the extent of the illiquidity, may have a 
direct and negative impact on any remaining Noteholders seeking to dispose of their Notes. 
2.2 
Interest rate risks 
2.2.1 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may change 
Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) allows for Fixed Rate Notes to be issued. Investment in Notes 
which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Notes and potentially decrease the yield. As a 
consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost upon any transfer of the Notes, so that 
the Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. The degree to which 
the market interest rate may vary presents a significant risk to the market value of the Notes if a Noteholder 
were to sell his Notes on the secondary market. 
2.2.2 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes or 
Formula Rate Notes  
Condition 5(c)(iii) (Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes) and Condition 5(d) (Formula Rate Notes) allow 
respectively for Floating Rate Notes and Formula Rate Notes to be issued. A key difference between Floating 
Rate Notes or Formula Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes or 
Formula Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine 
a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes or Formula Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their 
return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the 
Conditions provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to reinvestment risk if market 
interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower 
interest rates then prevailing. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such 
volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the yield of Floating Rate Notes or Formula Rate Notes and 
give rise to investment risk. In addition, the Issuer’s ability to also issue Fixed Rate Notes may affect the 
market value and the secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate Notes or the Formula Rate Notes (and 
vice versa). 
Investments in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be 
added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change 
throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or six months) which itself will change in accordance 
with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if 
changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can 
only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference 
rate. Should the reference rate be at any time negative, it could, notwithstanding the existence of the relevant 
margin, result in the actual floating rate, consisting in the reference rate and the relevant margin, be lower than 
the relevant margin, provided that in no event will the relevant Interest Amount be less than zero. 
Investments in Notes which bear interest at a formula rate comprise two floating rates to be added, subtracted, 
multiplied or divided, as the case may be. Accordingly, the market value of such Formula Rate Notes may be 
volatile if changes to the floating rates can only be reflected in the interest of the Notes upon the next periodic 
adjustment of the relevant floating rate. Such Formula Rate Notes are not a suitable investment for investors 
who require regular fixed income payments because the Interest Amounts are variable. In no event will the 
relevant Interest Amounts be less than zero. The interest amount payable on any Interest Payment Date may 
be different from the amount payable on the initial or previous Interest Payment Date and may negatively

--- Page 16 ---
16 
WS0101.34619409.1 
impact the return under the Notes and result in a reduced market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to 
dispose of its Notes. 
In addition, Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include a 
Rate Multiplier, an Exponent, or caps and or floors, or any combination of those features, as provided for in 
Condition 5(j), their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include 
those features and as a consequence investors could lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
2.2.3 
Regulation and reform of "benchmarks" 
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) and where the relevant Final Terms for a Series of 
Floating Rate Notes specify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to a 
reference rate that constitutes a "benchmark". 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international 
and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in 
the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a "benchmark".  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the "Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. It, 
among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, 
to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by 
EU supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU 
based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The Benchmarks Regulation was further amended 
by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which 
introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks (such as 
EURIBOR) by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on the 
European Commission or the relevant national authority, such replacement being limited to contracts and 
financial instruments (such as certain Notes issued under the Programme) which contain no fallback provisions 
or no suitable fallback provisions before the date of cessation of the benchmark concerned. For instance, if 
pursuant to a fallback provision included in Condition 5(c)(iii) (Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes) a 
benchmark is replaced by a benchmark which no longer reflects or which significantly diverges from the 
underlying market or the economic reality that the benchmark in cessation is intended to measure, a statutory 
replacement of such benchmark may be designated. This replacement could have a negative impact on the 
value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to or referencing such 
benchmark and may not operate as intended at the relevant time or may perform differently from the 
discontinued or otherwise unavailable benchmark. However, there are still some uncertainties as to the 
application of these regulatory provisions as implementing acts must be adopted. In addition, the transitional 
provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023. The European 
Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. There are therefore 
still details to be clarified in relation to the potential impact of these legislative developments. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to a "benchmark", in particular: 
- 
if the administrator of the relevant benchmark does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if 
based in a non-EU jurisdiction, such administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised 
or endorsed and the transitional provisions do not apply, the relevant benchmark may not be 
permitted to be used by a supervised entity in certain ways; and 
- 
 if the methodology or other terms of the relevant "benchmark" are changed in order to comply 
with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate 
or level of the relevant "benchmark".  
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to such "benchmarks"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies 
used in certain "benchmarks" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain "benchmarks". Any of the above 
changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform

--- Page 17 ---
17 
WS0101.34619409.1 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Notes linked to a "benchmark". 
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which are linked to 
such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes 
(please refer to the risk factor entitled "Occurrence of a Benchmark Event" below). However, such fallback 
provisions may be deviated from if deemed unsuitable by the Commission or the relevant national authority, 
as further explained above. Depending on the manner in which a benchmark is to be determined under the 
Conditions, this may result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied for the 
immediately preceding Interest Period for which the benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could 
have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to a "benchmark". 
2.2.4 
Occurrence of a Benchmark Event 
In case of Screen Rate Determination for Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark", Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) 
provides for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an inter-
bank offered rate (such as EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate (which could include, without limitation, 
CMS Rate or any mid-swap rate, but shall exclude €STR, SONIA, SOFR, TONA and SARON (each as defined 
below)), and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published, becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any 
Notes by reference to such benchmark under the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. Such fallback 
arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or 
an Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)), with or without the application of an adjustment 
spread (which, if applied, could be positive or negative, and would be applied with a view to reducing or 
eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark), and may include 
amendments to the Conditions to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all 
as determined by the Independent Adviser and without the consent of the Noteholders. 
 
The Successor Rates or Alternative Rates may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly their 
general evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to 
determine or measure. This could significantly affect the performance of an alternative rate compared to the 
historical and expected performance of the relevant benchmark. 
 
In certain circumstances, including where no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined, 
other fallbacks rules may be used, which consist in the rate of interest for such Interest Period to be based on 
the rate which applied for the immediately preceding Interest Period, as set out in the risk factor above entitled 
"Regulation and reform of "benchmarks"". This ultimate fallback may result in the effective application of a 
fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes. 
 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and 
the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at 
the relevant time. 
 
Any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant rate could 
affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark" 
or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes 
linked to or referencing a "benchmark". Investors should note that, the Independent Adviser will have 
discretion to adjust the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances 
described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected consequences and, due to the particular 
circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment may not be favourable to each Noteholder and the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event could result in the loss of a portion of the principal amount invested in the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
2.2.5 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as 
reference rates for Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes) 
allows Notes referencing the Euro short term rate ("€STR"), the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
("SONIA"), the Secured Overnight Financing Rates ("SOFR"), the Tokyo overnight average ("TONA") or 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight ("SARON") to be issued. Investors should be aware that the market

--- Page 18 ---
18 
WS0101.34619409.1 
continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as €STR, SONIA, SOFR, TONA and SARON, as 
reference rates in the capital markets for euro, sterling, U.S. dollar bonds, Japanese Yen or Swiss Franc, as 
applicable, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. The market or a significant 
part thereof may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs significantly from that set out in the 
Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a risk free rate issued under this Base 
Prospectus (see Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes and Inflation 
Linked Notes)). The Issuer may in the future issue Notes referencing €STR, SONIA, SOFR, TONA or SARON 
in a way that differs materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes 
issued by the Issuer referencing €STR, SONIA, SOFR, TONA or SARON. 
The nascent development of the use of €STR, SONIA, SOFR, TONA or SARON as interest reference rates 
for bond markets, as well as continued development of €STR-, SONIA-, SOFR-, TONA- or SARON-based 
rates for such markets and of the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity 
or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. 
Interest on Notes which reference a risk free rate is only capable of being determined shortly prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference such risk free rates 
to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. 
Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the 
bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may 
put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes. Investors should consider 
these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such Floating Rate Notes. 
2.2.6 
The market value of Inverse Floating Rate Notes may be more volatile than that of Floating 
Rate Notes based on the same reference rate  
Condition 5(c)(iv) (Rate of Interest for Inverse Floating Rate Notes) allows for Inverse Floating Rate Notes to 
be issued. Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed base rate minus a rate based upon 
a reference rate. The market value of such Notes typically is more volatile than the market value of Floating 
Rate Notes based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate 
Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the 
Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the market 
value of these Notes and investors could lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
2.2.7 
Risks related to the conversion on Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(e) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) allows for Fixed/Floating Rate Notes to be issued. Fixed/Floating 
Rate Notes initially bear interest at a rate that will automatically, or that the Issuer or, if there is a single 
Noteholder of a Series, the Noteholder or, in the case of more than one Noteholder of a Series, all the 
Noteholders acting together pursuant to a Collective Decision may elect to, convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate, in each case on the date set out in the Final Terms. The 
conversion (whether automatic or optional) of the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market 
value of the Notes since the conversion may lead to a lower overall cost of borrowing. If a fixed rate is 
converted to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than the 
prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If a floating rate is converted to a fixed 
rate, the fixed rate may be lower than the prevailing rates on its Notes. It is difficult to anticipate market 
volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have an adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Investors should also refer to the risk factor relating to Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes. 
2.2.8 
Inflation Linked Notes 
Condition 5(c)(v) (Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes) allows for Inflation Linked Notes to be issued. 
Inflation Linked Notes are debt securities which do not provide for predetermined redemption amounts and/or 
interest payments but amounts due in respect of principal and/or interest will be dependent upon the 
performance of an inflation index, which will be either (i) the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for 
all households in metropolitan France (the "CPI") as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National 
de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques ("INSEE"), (ii) the harmonized index of consumer prices 
(excluding tobacco), or the relevant successor index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary 
Union (excluding tobacco) as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP") or (iii) the U.K. 
Retail Price Index (the "RPI") published by the Office of National Statistics (the "ONS") or the relevant 
successor index (each an "Inflation Index" and together, the "Inflation Indices"). If the value of the relevant

--- Page 19 ---
19 
WS0101.34619409.1 
index calculated at any time prior to the maturity date is lower than the value of the relevant index at the time 
of the issue of the Notes or at the time of purchase by the Noteholders, then the amount of interest payable by 
the Issuer and/or the principal of Inflation Linked Notes may vary. Potential investors in Inflation Linked 
Notes should be aware that (i) they may receive no interest or only receive a limited amount of interest and 
(ii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. However, if the nominal amount to be repaid 
at maturity is below par, the Inflation Linked Notes will be redeemed at par. 
Neither the current nor the historical levels of any of the Inflation Indices should be taken as an indication of 
future performance of such index during the term of any Inflation Linked Notes. Inflation Linked Notes can 
be volatile investments. If they are structured to include a Rate Multiplier, an Exponent, or caps and or floors, 
or any combination of those features, as provided for in Condition 5(j), their market values may be even more 
volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. Due to the uncertainties surrounding 
Inflation Indices, Noteholders investing in Inflation Linked Notes may be adversely affected and may, as a 
result, lose part of their investment. 
 
2.2.9 
Dual Currency Notes  
Condition 5(g) (Dual Currency Notes) allows for Dual Currency Notes to be issued. The Issuer may issue 
Notes with interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the 
Notes are denominated. 
An investment in Dual Currency Notes entails significant risks that are not associated with similar investments 
in a conventional fixed or floating rate debt security. These risks include, among other things, that: 
● 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
● 
payment of interest may occur in a different currency than expected; and 
● 
the investors may be exposed to movements in currency exchange rates. 
If one or more of the abovementioned risks materialises, investors could lose all or part of their investment in 
the Notes and the Notes may become illiquid. 
2.2.10 
The market value of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may fluctuate more 
than on conventional interest-bearing Notes 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the relevant issue price. The market values of Notes issued at a 
substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general 
changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing Notes. Generally, the longer the 
remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing Notes 
with comparable maturities. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such 
volatility may have an adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at 
a substantial discount or premium could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of 
conventional interest-bearing Notes. 
2.2.11 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Condition 5(f) (Zero Coupon Notes) allows for Zero Coupon Notes to be issued. Changes in market interest 
rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary 
Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero 
Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due 
to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high price 
risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to higher 
losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate 
Notes. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have an 
adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
The prices at which Zero Coupon Notes trade in the secondary market tend to fluctuate more in relation to 
general changes in interest rates than to prices for conventional interest bearing securities of comparable 
maturities.  
2.3 
Risks related to Subordinated Notes 
As provided under Condition 9(b) (Subordinated Notes), the events of default applicable to Subordinated 
Notes are limited which means there is no right of acceleration of the Subordinated Notes in the case of non-

--- Page 20 ---
20 
WS0101.34619409.1 
payment of principal or interest on the Subordinated Notes or of the Issuer’s failure to perform any of its 
obligations under the Subordinated Notes. Payment of principal and interest on the Subordinated Notes shall 
be accelerated only if any judgment shall be issued in the event of any insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer. 
As a result of the above, the value of the Notes or liquidity on the secondary market may be negatively affected. 
In addition, holders of Subordinated Notes would receive payments on any outstanding Subordinated Notes 
only after senior Noteholders and other senior creditors have been repaid in full, if and to the extent that there 
is still cash available for those payments. Thus, holders of Subordinated Notes generally face a higher 
performance risk than holders of senior Notes and there is a real risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes 
will lose all or some of his investment.  
In particular, with respect to Undated Subordinated Notes, the payment of interest relating to such Notes may 
be deferred in accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(i) (Deferral of Interest). Any deferral of interest 
payments will likely have a material adverse effect on the market price of the Undated Subordinated Notes. In 
addition, as a result of the interest deferral provision of the Undated Subordinated Notes, the market price of 
the Undated Subordinated Notes may be more volatile than the market prices of other debt securities on which 
original issue discount or interest accrues that are not subject to such deferrals and may be more sensitive 
generally to adverse changes in the Issuer's financial condition. 
2.4 Risks related to green, social and/or sustainability Notes 
As described in the section "Use of Proceeds" of this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms relating to any specific 
Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds 
of the issue of those Notes to finance or refinance, in part or in full existing (i) eligible green projects, (ii) 
eligible social projects, or (iii) eligible sustainability projects (being a combination of both eligible green and 
eligible social projects), as further described in the relevant Final Terms relating to the green, social and 
sustainability Notes and any relevant framework on the Issuer website on or before the issue of such Notes.  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of the green, social or sustainability Notes in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, the related projects may not be capable of 
being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and 
accordingly such proceeds may not be totally or partially disbursed for the such mentioned projects, and such 
projects may not be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or 
not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer.  Any such event or failure 
by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or a default of the Issuer for any purpose. 
There is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what 
constitutes, a "green" or a "social" or an equivalently-labelled project and such a clear definition or consensus 
may not develop over time. In addition, the requirements of any such label may evolve from time to time, and, 
as such, the use of the proceeds of such Notes may not meet any or all Noteholders expectations regarding 
such "green" or "social" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives. A basis for the determination 
of such a definition has been established in the EU with the adoption by the Council and the European 
Parliament on 18 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the "Taxonomy Regulation"). The Taxonomy Regulation establishes a single EU-
wide classification system, or "taxonomy", which provides companies and investors with a common language 
for determining which economic activities can be considered environmentally sustainable. The European 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 establishing the technical screening criteria 
for determining which economic activities can be considered as contributing substantially to climate change 
mitigation or climate change adaptation and for determining whether that economic activity causes no 
significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives entered into force on 1 January 2022. The 
technical criteria refer to environmental regulations or standards of which a good knowledge will be essential 
to evaluate the "alignment" (or conformity) of an activity. In some cases, the verification of the alignment of 
an activity can be done by the competent national authorities or independent authorities or independent 
certifiers.  
On 2 February 2022, the European Commission approved in principle a Complementary Climate Delegated 
Act aiming to supplement the Delegated Regulation of 4 June 2021 and includes, under strict conditions, 
specific nuclear and gas energy activities in the list of economic activities covered by the EU taxonomy. This 
Act will be submitted to the European Parliament and Council for a period of 6 months before being published.  
Until all the technical screening criteria for the objectives of the EU Taxonomy have been finalised, the eligible 
projects may not satisfy any requisite criteria determined under the Taxonomy Regulation or within the EU 
Taxonomy at any time.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
WS0101.34619409.1 
Any opinion or certification by a third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any green, social or sustainability Notes and in particular with any 
project to fulfil any environmental, and/or other criteria may not be suitable for Noteholders' purposes. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other 
regime or oversight.  
Any such event or failure and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification may have a material adverse effect 
on the value and marketability of the green, social or sustainability Notes and/or result in adverse consequences 
for Noteholders with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. For the 
avoidance of doubt, it is however specified that payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the 
green, social or sustainability Notes shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project. 
No Dealer makes any representation as to the suitability of the green, social or sustainability Notes to fulfil 
environmental criteria required by prospective investors. The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible 
for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria, any verification of whether the green, social or sustainability 
Notes meet the eligibility criteria, or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. Investors should refer to Vinci's 
website (www.vinci.com) or any third-party opinion.  
3 
Risks related to the market of the Notes 
3.1 
Market Value of the Notes 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of additional 
factors, including the value of the reference assets or an index, including, but not limited to, the volatility of 
the reference assets or an index, or the dividend on the securities taken up in the index, market interest and 
yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the long term 
debt of the Issuer is rated A- (stable) by S&P and A3 (stable) by Moody’s. However, if the creditworthiness 
of the Issuer deteriorates, this could have a significant adverse impact on the Noteholders and as a result the 
Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes and the value of the Notes 
may decrease. 
The value of the Notes, the reference assets or the index depends on a number of interrelated factors, including 
economic, financial and political events in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets 
generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes, the reference assets, the securities taken up in the index, 
or the index are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be 
at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser 
and result in losing part of their investment in the Notes.  
3.2 
No active Secondary/Trading Market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which 
there may be no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be 
consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the Notes are 
traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon 
prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial 
condition of the Issuer.  
Although in relation to Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris (and/or, provided that the Base 
Prospectus has been passported, any other Regulated Market in the EEA), the Final Terms of the Notes will 
be filed with the AMF in France (and/or with the competent authority of the Regulated Market of the EEA 
where the Notes will be admitted to trading), which, in the case of Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris shall be the AMF, such filings may not be accepted, any particular Tranche of Notes may not be so 
admitted or an active trading market may not develop. Accordingly, there may be no development or liquidity 
of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes. The absence of liquidity may have a significant 
material adverse effect on the value of the Notes. Furthermore, if additional and competing products are 
introduced in the markets, this may adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
In addition, certain Notes may be designed for specific investment objectives or strategies and therefore may 
have a more limited secondary market and experience more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Noteholders may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable Noteholders to realise their 
anticipated yield. This could have a material adverse impact on the Noteholders and, as a result, Noteholders 
could lose all or part of their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
WS0101.34619409.1 
3.3 
Currency Risk 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies. The Issuer will pay principal and 
interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency, as specified in the Final Terms. An investment in the Notes 
may involve exchange rate risks. The reference assets or the Notes may be denominated in a currency other 
than the currency of the purchaser’s home jurisdiction; and/or the reference assets or the Notes may be 
denominated in a currency other than the currency in which a purchaser wishes to receive funds. Exchange 
rates between currencies are determined by factors of supply and demand in the international currency markets 
which are influenced by macro-economic factors, speculation and central bank and government intervention 
(including the imposition of currency controls and restrictions). Government and monetary or financial 
authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an 
applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal. Fluctuations in exchange rates may affect the value of the Notes or the reference assets. 
This may result in a significant loss on any capital invested from the perspective of a Noteholder whose 
domestic currency is not the Specified Currency.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
WS0101.34619409.1 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
Independent Review and Advice  
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully 
consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all 
investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for 
it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in 
connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters 
referred to above. 
Credit ratings of the Issuer  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The credit ratings of 
the Issuer are an assessment of its ability to pay its obligations, including those on Notes.  
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. In addition, the credit rating agencies may change their 
methodologies for rating securities with features similar to the Notes in the future. This may include the 
relationship between ratings assigned to an issuer’s senior securities and ratings assigned to securities with 
features similar to the Notes, sometimes called "notching". The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or 
not such credit ratings are (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union, 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in UK and registered UK 
CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed 
in the Final Terms. The list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is 
published by the ESMA on its website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs). 
Potential Conflicts of Interest  
Each of the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or their respective affiliates may deal with and engage generally in any kind 
of commercial or investment banking or other business with any issuer of the securities taken up in an index, 
their respective affiliates or any guarantor or any other person or entities having obligations relating to any 
issuer of the securities taken up in an index or their respective affiliates or any guarantor in the same manner 
as if any index-linked Notes issued under the Programme did not exist, regardless of whether any such action 
might have an adverse effect on an issuer of the securities taken up in the index, any of their respective affiliates 
or any guarantor. However, none of the Issuer, or any legal entity belonging to the Group, provides, nor 
contributes to any index which would constitute an underlying to any index-linked Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
The Issuer may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives. 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the Programme. 
In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group that is 
involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting 
interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers and 
procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be 
engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by 
Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the 
Notes. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make 
markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but

--- Page 24 ---
24 
WS0101.34619409.1 
not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as 
principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the 
Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph, the term "affiliates" includes also parent 
companies. 
Taxation 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are 
transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court 
decisions may be available for the Notes. Potential investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser’s 
advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only 
these advisers are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act" (FATCA) 
 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold U.S. tax on certain payments it makes (foreign 
passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. Under 
proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations, however, such withholding on foreign passthru payments will not apply 
to payments made before the date that is two years after the date on which applicable final regulations that 
define foreign passthru payments are published. Further, obligations, such as the Notes, issued on or prior to 
the date that is six months after the date on which applicable final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are filed generally would be “grandfathered” unless they are characterised as equity for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes or they are materially modified after such date. As of the date hereof, no such regulations 
have been issued. A number of jurisdictions (including France) have entered into intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Foreign financial institutions in a jurisdiction which has entered into an IGA are 
generally not expected to be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA (or any law implementing a IGA) 
from payments that they make.  
 
While the Notes are held within Euroclear France, Euroclear or Clearstream, in all but the most remote 
circumstances, it is not expected that FATCA will affect the amount of any payment received by such clearing 
system. However, FATCA may affect payments made to custodians or intermediaries in the subsequent 
payment chain leading to the ultimate Noteholder if any such custodian or intermediary generally is unable to 
receive payments free of FATCA withholding. It also may affect payment to any ultimate Noteholder that is a 
financial institution that is not entitled to receive payments free of withholding under FATCA, or an ultimate 
Noteholder that fails to provide its broker (or other custodian or intermediary from which it receives payment) 
with any information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary for the payments to be 
made free of FATCA withholding. Noteholders should choose the custodians or intermediaries with care (to 
ensure each is compliant with FATCA or other laws or agreements related to FATCA) and provide each 
custodian or intermediary with any information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary 
for such custodian or intermediary to make a payment free of FATCA withholding.  
 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application remains uncertain at this time. Noteholders should consult 
their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no 
additional amounts will be payable to compensate for the withheld amount. 
A Noteholder’s actual yield on the Notes may be reduced from the stated yield by transaction costs

--- Page 25 ---
25 
WS0101.34619409.1 
When Notes are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction fees and 
commissions) are incurred in addition to the current price of the security. These incidental costs may 
significantly reduce or even exclude the profit potential of the Notes. For instance, credit institutions as a rule 
charge their clients for own commissions which are either fixed minimum commissions or pro-rata 
commissions depending on the order value. To the extent that additional – domestic or foreign – parties are 
involved in the execution of an order, including but not limited to domestic dealers or brokers in foreign 
markets, Noteholders must take into account that they may also be charged for the brokerage fees, 
commissions and other fees and expenses of such parties (third party costs). 
In addition to such costs directly related to the purchase of securities (direct costs), Noteholders must also take 
into account any follow-up costs (such as custody fees). Investors should inform themselves about any 
additional costs incurred in connection with the purchase, custody or sale of the Notes before investing in the 
Notes. 
Notes issued as green Notes  
Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Vinci Green Bond Framework 
(available on the website of the Issuer in English: https://www.vinci.com/publi/finance/2020/vinci_green-
bond-framework-october-2020.pdf) and the relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and seek 
advice from their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of the 
Notes before deciding to invest. 
In relation to green Notes, the Issuer has appointed an external review provider, Vigeo Eiris, which has 
provided 
a 
second-party 
opinion 
(available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
in 
English: 
https://www.vinci.com/publi/finance/2020/second-party-opinion-by-vigeo-eiris.pdf). Such second party 
opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended to address 
any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without limitation market price, 
marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. Such second party opinion is a statement of 
opinion, not a statement of fact.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein. The second party 
opinion and any other such opinion or certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, 
this Base Prospectus. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" 
or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance 
is given that such listing or admission satisfies any present or future investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor is required, or intends, to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any 
such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No 
representation or assurance is given or made by that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained 
in respect of any such Notes or that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life 
of the Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
WS0101.34619409.1 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following sections identified in the 
cross-reference tables below of the following documents which have been previously published and have been 
filed with the AMF as competent authority in France for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
sections shall be incorporated in, and shall be deemed to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the sections referred to in the cross-reference table below which are extracted from the 2020 universal 
registration document of the Issuer in the French language1 filed with the AMF on 26 February 2021 
under no. D.21-0079 which includes the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer 
for the year ended 31 December 2020, together with the explanatory notes and the related auditors 
reports (the "2020 Universal Registration Document") (https://www.vinci.com/publi/vinci/vinci-
document-enregistrement-universel-2020.pdf);  
 
(b) 
the sections referred to in the cross-reference table below which are extracted from the 2021 universal 
registration document of the Issuer in the French language2 filed with the AMF on 28 February 2022 
under no. D.22-0060 which includes the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer 
for the year ended 31 December 2021, together with the explanatory notes and the related auditors 
reports (the "2021 Universal Registration Document") (https://www.vinci.com/publi/vinci/vinci-
document-enregistrement-universel-2021.pdf); 
 
(c) 
the English language version of the press release of the Issuer dated 21 April 2022 relating to the 
quarterly 
information 
at 
31 
March 
2022 
(the 
"2022 
Q1 
Press 
Release") 
(https://www.vinci.com/commun/communiques.nsf/C1CC9E28885DAC80C125882B0056AC37/$fil
e/quarterly-information-31-march-2022.pdf); 
 
(d) 
the sections "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" of the following base prospectuses relating to the 
Programme  
 
(i) 
Base Prospectus dated 29 June 2016 which received the visa no. 16-0280 from the AMF (the 
"2016 Base Prospectus") (https://www.vinci.com/publi/finance/2016/2016-emtn-base-
prospectus.pdf),  
 
(ii) 
Base Prospectus dated 2 July 2018 which received the visa no. 18-278 from the AMF (the 
"2018 
Base 
Prospectus") 
(https://www.vinci.com/publi/finance/2018/vinci-
2018_emtn_base_prospectus_dated_2_july_2018.pdf),  
 
(iii) 
Base Prospectus dated 15 July 2020 which received the approval no. 20-344 from the AMF 
(the "2020 Base Prospectus") (https://www.vinci.com/publi/finance/2020/vinci-2020-emtn-
base-prospectus-dated-15-july-2020.pdf) and together with the 2016 Base Prospectus, the 
2018 Base Prospectus and the 2020 Base Prospectus, the "Base Prospectuses"), 
save that any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference 
herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that 
a statement contained in any document which is subsequently incorporated by reference herein by way of a 
supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation modifies or supersedes such 
earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded 
shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
For as long as any Notes are outstanding, all documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus 
(a) may be obtained, free of charge, at the registered office of the Issuer during normal business hours and 
                                                        
1 The free English language translation of the 2020 Universal Registration Document may be obtained without charge from the website 
of the Issuer (https://www.vinci.com/publi/vinci/vinci-2020-universal-registration-document.pdf). This English language translation 
is not incorporated by reference herein 
2 The free English language translation of the 2021 Universal Registration Document may be obtained without charge from the website 
of the Issuer (https://www.vinci.com/publi/vinci/vinci-2021-universal-registration-document.pdf). This English language translation 
is not incorporated by reference herein.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
WS0101.34619409.1 
(b) will be available on the website of the Issuer (www.vinci.com). In addition, for as long as any Notes are 
outstanding, all documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, other than the 2022 Q1 Press 
Release, may be obtained free of charge on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the information on 
the websites to which this Base Prospectus (including for the avoidance of doubt any information on the 
websites which appear in the documents incorporated by reference) refers does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
 
The information contained in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall be read 
in connection with the cross-reference tables below. Any information not listed in the cross-reference lists but 
included in the documents incorporated by reference shall not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either 
not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Cross-reference table in respect of the 2020 Universal Registration Document, the 2021 Universal 
Registration Document and the 2022 Q1 Press Release  
 
Information incorporated by reference 
(Annex VII of EU Delegated Regulation no. 
2019/980) 
Page no. in the applicable document 
3. RISK FACTORS 
3.1 Risk factors 
p. 158-171 and p. 326-332 in 2021 Universal Registration 
Document 
4. INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
4.1. History and development of the Issuer 
p. 12-17 in 2021 Universal Registration Document 
4.1.1. Legal and commercial name 
p. 263 in 2021 Universal Registration Document 
4.1.2. Place of registration, registration number 
and legal entity identifier 
p. 263 in 2021 Universal Registration Document 
4.1.3. Date of incorporation and length of life  
p. 263 in 2021 Universal Registration Document 
4.1.4. Domicile, legal form, legislation, country 
of incorporation, address, telephone number and 
website 
p. 263 in 2021 Universal Registration Document 
4.1.5. Recent events particular to the Issuer 
which are to a material extent relevant to the 
evaluation of the Issuer’s solvency 
p.  8-9, 12-17, 69, 83, 101, 103, 119-120, 284-286,  
344, 347-348, 355 and 363 in 2021 Universal Registration 
Document and the 2022 Q1 Press Release 
5. BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
5.1. Principal activities 
5.1.1. Description of the Issuer’s principal 
activities 
key data3, p. 1, 12-17 and 34-103 in 2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
5.1.2. Competitive position 
key data, p. 1 in 2021 Universal Registration Document 
6. ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
6.1. Description of the group and of the Issuer’s 
position within it 
key data, p. 12-13 and 264 in 2021 Universal Registration 
Document 
6.2. Dependence relationships within the group 
p. 264, 281-282 and 364 in 2021 Universal Registration 
Document 
                                                        
3 All references to "key data" in this table refer to the first pages of the 2021 Universal Registration Document entitled "key data".

--- Page 28 ---
28 
WS0101.34619409.1 
Information incorporated by reference 
(Annex VII of EU Delegated Regulation no. 
2019/980) 
Page no. in the applicable document 
9. ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
9.1 Information concerning the administrative 
and management bodies 
p. 10-11 and 127-133 in 2021 Universal Registration 
Document 
9.2 Potential conflicts of interest between 
members of the administrative and management 
bodies and the Issuer 
p. 121-123 and 134-136 in 2021 Universal Registration 
Document 
10. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
10.1. Information concerning control 
p. 19 and 266-267 in 2021 Universal Registration 
Document 
11. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
11.1. Historical financial information 
 
Consolidated financial statements 2021: 
p. 276-345 in 2021 Universal Registration Document 
- Balance sheet: p. 277 
- Income statement: p. 276 
- Cash flow statement: p. 278 
- Accounting policies: p. 280-284 
- Explanatory notes: p. 284-345 
 
Parent company financial statements 2021: 
p. 352-365 in 2021 Universal Registration Document 
- Balance sheet: p. 353 
- Income statement: p. 352 
- Cash flow statement: p. 354 
- Accounting policies: p. 355 
- Explanatory notes: p. 356-365 
 
Consolidated financial statements 2020: 
p. 286-353 in 2020 Universal Registration Document 
- Balance sheet: p. 287 
- Income statement: p. 286 
- Cash flow statement: p. 288 
- Accounting policies: p. 290-295 
- Explanatory notes: p. 295-353 
 
Parent company financial statements 2020: 
p. 358-372 in 2020 Universal Registration Document 
- Balance sheet: p. 360 
- Income statement: p. 359 
- Cash flow statement: p. 361 
- Accounting policies: p. 362-363 
- Explanatory notes: p. 363-372 
11.1.6 Age of financial information 
p. 276-345, 352-365 and 371 of 2021 Universal 
Registration Document

--- Page 29 ---
29 
WS0101.34619409.1 
Information incorporated by reference 
(Annex VII of EU Delegated Regulation no. 
2019/980) 
Page no. in the applicable document 
11.2. Auditing of historical annual financial information 
11.2.1. Statement of audit of the historical 
annual financial information 
p. 346-350, 366-368 and 371 in 2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
p. 354-357, 373-375 and 378 in 2020 Universal 
Registration Document 
 
11.2.1a Statutory auditors' qualifications, 
modifications of opinion, disclaimers or an 
emphasis of matter 
p. 346 in 2021 Universal Registration Document 
11.3. Legal and arbitration proceedings 
p. 342-344 in 2021 Universal Registration Document 
11.4. Significant change in the Issuer's financial 
position 
p. 8-9, 12-17, 109-111, 119-120, 284-285, 344,  
355 and 363 in 2021 Universal Registration Document 
12. MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
12. Material contracts 
key data, p. 109-111 and 300-307 in 2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
13. DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY 
13. Documents on display 
p. 371 in 2021 Universal Registration Document 
 
Cross-reference list in respect of the Base Prospectuses 
2016 Base Prospectus 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 23 to 60 
2018 Base Prospectus 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 24 to 62 
2020 Base Prospectus 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 29 to 76

--- Page 30 ---
30 
WS0101.34619409.1 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as 
amended, the Issuer will prepare and make available, on the websites of (a) the Issuer (www.vinci.com) and 
(b) the AMF (www.amf-france.org), an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a restated Base 
Prospectus, which in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or 
on a Regulated Market of a Member State of the EEA, shall constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
for the purpose of the relevant provisions of the Prospectus Regulation and shall supply each Dealer with such 
number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme 
there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information contained or 
incorporated in in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, the Issuer 
shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or a restated Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent offering of the Notes, and shall supply each Dealer with such number of copies of such 
supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 12 July 2023. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the 
event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when the Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
WS0101.34619409.1 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the "Conditions") that, subject to completion in 
accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of any 
Tranche of Notes which is being admitted to a regulated market in a Member State, the relevant Final Terms 
shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the 
text of the Conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted by the 
following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full 
text of these Conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms (and subject to simplification 
by the deletion of non-applicable provisions) or (ii) these Conditions as so completed or supplemented  shall 
be endorsed or attached on Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in 
these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in the 
Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. 
The Notes are issued by VINCI (the "Issuer") with the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement 
dated 12 July 2022 entered into between the Issuer and BNP Paribas Securities Services as Fiscal Agent, 
Principal Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent (the "Agency 
Agreement"). The fiscal agent, the paying agent, the redenomination agent, the consolidation agent and the 
calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the 
"Paying Agents" (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the "Redenomination Agent", the 
"Consolidation Agent" and the "Calculation Agent(s)". References below to "Conditions" are, unless the 
context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated in a Member 
State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") as defined in MiFID II and as listed on the website of European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
(https://registers.esma.europa.eu/publication/searchRegister?core=esma_registers_upreg). 
1 
Form, Denomination(s), Title, Redenomination 
(a) Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in 
materialised form ("Materialised Notes"). 
(i) Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L. 211-3 et 
seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries 
(inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats 
représentatifs pursuant to Article R. 211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) 
will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear 
France ("Euroclear France") (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the 
accounts of Account Holders, or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in 
such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder in either administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder designated 
by the relevant Noteholder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an 
account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or the registration 
agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the 
"Registration Agent"). 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms, and to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, the Issuer may at any time request from the central 
depositary the following identification information of the holders of Dematerialised 
Notes in bearer form (au porteur): the name or the company name, nationality, date of 
birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, e-mail address as 
well as the quantity of Notes held by each of them and any restrictions applicable to the 
Notes. 
 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any intermediary 
institution entitled to hold, directly or indirectly, accounts on behalf of its customers with

--- Page 32 ---
32 
WS0101.34619409.1 
Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary 
bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
(ii) Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only ("Materialised Bearer Notes"). 
Materialised Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with coupons (each, a 
"Coupon") and, where appropriate, a talon (a "Talon") attached save in the case of Zero 
Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due 
after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable.  
In accordance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Code 
monétaire et financier, securities (such as the Notes) which are governed by French law 
and are in materialised form must be issued outside the French territory. 
Any Notes issued under the Programme as Materialised Bearer Notes will be represented 
initially upon issue by Temporary Global Certificates and will be accepted for clearance 
through Clearstream or Euroclear or any other relevant clearing system. 
The Notes may be "Fixed Rate Notes", "Floating Rate Notes", "Inverse Floating Rate Notes", 
"Formula Rate Notes", "Fixed/Floating Rate Notes", "Dual Currency Notes", "Inflation Linked 
Notes", "Zero Coupon Notes" or a combination of any of the foregoing. 
Any amount due and payable in respect of any Notes (including Inflation Linked Notes) issued under 
the Programme will be paid in cash. 
(b) Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms (the "Specified Denomination(s)") save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) or such other 
higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency). 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) Title: 
(i) Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of 
such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of 
Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif 
pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, 
Coupons, Receipt(s) and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue ("Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes"), shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder 
of any Note (as defined below), Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and 
may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or 
loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv) In these Conditions, "holder of Notes" or "holder of any Note", or "Noteholder" means 
(i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the account 
of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may 
be) as being entitled to such Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer 
of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note and the Receipts, Coupons ("Receiptholder" 
and "Couponholder" being construed accordingly), or Talon relating to it, and 
capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the 
absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
WS0101.34619409.1 
(d) Redenomination: 
(i) The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment 
Date, without the consent of the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, by giving 
at least thirty (30) calendar days’ notice in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) and 
on or after the date on which the European Member State in whose national currency the 
Notes are denominated has become a participating Member State in the single currency 
of the European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty establishing 
the European Community (the "EC"), as amended from time to time (the "Treaty")), or 
events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either case, "EMU"), 
redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into Euro and adjust the 
aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant 
Final Terms accordingly, as described below. The date on which such redenomination 
becomes effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as the Redenomination Date. 
(ii) The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by 
converting the principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into 
Euro using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the 
Council of the European Union pursuant to applicable regulations of the Treaty and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded 
upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from conversion of the principal 
amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate 
shall be rounded down to the nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes so 
determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
Any balance remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher than Euro 
0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with 
Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euro on 
the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(iii) Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the 
relevant national currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro. 
(iv) The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the 
Consolidation Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition 
or any consolidation pursuant to Condition 13 (Further Issues and Consolidation), 
without the consent of the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, make any 
changes or additions to this Condition or Condition 13 (including, without limitation, 
any change to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal 
financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or 
benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket 
debt obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of such holders. 
Any such changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the 
holders of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons and shall be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v) Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Receipt, 
Coupon or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in 
relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or 
rounding effected in connection therewith. 
2 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) Dematerialised Notes 
(i) Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré). 
(ii) Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not 
be converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii) Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the

--- Page 34 ---
34 
WS0101.34619409.1 
option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such 
Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article R. 211-4 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such 
Noteholder. 
(b) Materialised Notes 
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
Materialised Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
3 
Status 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes may be either unsubordinated ("Unsubordinated 
Notes") or subordinated ("Subordinated Notes"). 
(a) Status of Unsubordinated Notes 
The Unsubordinated Notes and, where applicable, any relative Receipts and Coupons are 
direct, general, unconditional, unsecured (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative 
Pledge)) and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu and 
without any preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time 
to time mandatory under French law) equally and rateably with all other present or future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
(b) Status of Subordinated Notes 
(i) Subordination 
Subordinated Notes (which term shall include both Subordinated Notes with a specified 
maturity date ("Dated Subordinated Notes") and Subordinated Notes without a 
specified maturity date ("Undated Subordinated Notes")) are unsecured subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and pari passu with any other unsecured subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer but in priority to any prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer. If any judgement is 
rendered by any competent court declaring the transfer of the whole of its business 
(cession totale de l’entreprise) or the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the 
Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the 
holders of Subordinated Notes shall be subordinated to the payment in full of 
unsubordinated creditors and, subject to such payment in full, the holders of 
Subordinated Notes shall be paid in priority to any prêts participatifs granted to the 
Issuer. In the event of incomplete payment of unsubordinated creditors, the obligations 
of the Issuer in connection with the Subordinated Notes will be terminated. The holders 
of Subordinated Notes shall take all steps necessary for the orderly accomplishment of 
any collective proceedings or voluntary liquidation. 
(ii) Dated Subordinated Notes 
Payments of interest relating to Dated Subordinated Notes constitute obligations which 
rank equally with the obligations of the Issuer in respect of Dated Subordinated Notes 
issued by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 3(b)(i). 
(iii) Undated Subordinated Notes 
Payments of interest relating to Undated Subordinated Notes constitute obligations 
which rank equally with the obligations of the Issuer in respect of Undated Subordinated 
Notes issued by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 3(b)(i) and may be deferred in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(i) (Deferral of Interest). 
The use of the proceeds of issues of Undated Subordinated Notes will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
4 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Unsubordinated Notes or, if applicable, any Receipts or Coupons relating to

--- Page 35 ---
35 
WS0101.34619409.1 
them, remains outstanding (as defined below), the Issuer will not, and will ensure that none of its 
Principal Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest (other than Security 
Interests arising by operation of law) upon any of their respective Assets, present or future, to secure 
any Relevant Debt incurred by the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries or any guarantee or 
indemnity granted by the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries in respect of any Relevant Debt 
other than a Permitted Security (all as defined below) unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the 
Issuer's obligations under the Unsubordinated Notes, Receipts and Coupons are (a) equally and 
rateably secured therewith or (b) have the benefit of such other security, guarantee, indemnity or other 
arrangement in substantially comparable terms thereto. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
(a) "Affiliate" of any Person means any Subsidiary or holding company of that Person, or any Subsidiary 
of any such holding company, or any other Person in which that Person or any such holding company 
or Subsidiary owns at least twenty (20) per cent. of the share capital of the like; 
(b) "Asset(s)" of any Person means all or any part of its business, undertaking, property, assets, revenues 
(including any right to receive revenues) and uncalled capital, wherever situated; 
(c) "Existing Security on After-Acquired Subsidiaries" means any Security Interest granted by any 
Person over its Assets in respect of any Relevant Debt and which is existing at the time any such 
Person becomes, whether by the acquisition of share capital or otherwise, a Principal Subsidiary of 
the Issuer or whose business and/or activities, in whole or in part, are assumed by or vested in the 
Issuer or any other Principal Subsidiary after the date of issue of the Unsubordinated Notes (other 
than any Security Interest created in contemplation thereof); 
(d) "Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
(e) "outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those 
that have been redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date 
for redemption has occurred and the redemption monies (including all interest accrued on such Notes 
to the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in 
the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form and in administered registered form, to the relevant 
Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 7(a), (ii) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to the account of the Noteholder as provided in 
Condition 7(a) and (iii) in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, to the Fiscal Agent as provided in 
the Agency Agreement and remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of 
Materialised Bearer Notes, Receipts and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have 
become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have been 
purchased and cancelled as provided in these Conditions, (e) in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes 
(i) those mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for 
replacement Materialised Bearer Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such 
Materialised Bearer Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) 
those Materialised Bearer Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which 
replacement Materialised Bearer Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate 
to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, 
pursuant to its provisions; 
(f) "Permitted Security" means: 
(i) any Security Interest granted in respect of or in connection with any Project Finance 
Indebtedness; or 
(ii) any Existing Security on After-Acquired Subsidiaries; 
(g) "Person" includes any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
undertaking, association, organisation, trust, state or agency of a state (in each case, whether or not 
having separate legal personality); 
(h) "Principal Subsidiary" means at any relevant time a Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(x) whose total net sales (chiffre d'affaires) or cash flow from operations before tax and 
financing costs (as defined in the Issuer's latest audited consolidated accounts) (or, where the 
Subsidiary in question prepares consolidated accounts, whose total consolidated net sales

--- Page 36 ---
36 
WS0101.34619409.1 
(chiffre d'affaires) or consolidated cash flow from operations before tax and financing costs 
attributable to the Issuer) represents more than fifteen (15) per cent. of the total consolidated 
net sales (chiffre d'affaires) or consolidated cash flow from operations before tax and 
financing costs (as defined in the Issuer's latest audited consolidated accounts) of the Issuer, 
all as calculated by reference to the then latest audited accounts (or consolidated accounts, as 
the case may be) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the 
Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries or 
(y) to which is transferred all or substantially all of the assets and undertakings of a Subsidiary 
which immediately prior to such transfer is a Principal Subsidiary;  
(i) "Project Finance Indebtedness" means any indebtedness incurred to finance or refinance the 
acquisition, construction, development, operation and/or maintenance of an asset (including a 
concession) or a business (a "Project"): 
(i) which is incurred by a single purpose Person ("SPP") (whether or not any such SPP is a 
member of the Group or a Subsidiary or an Affiliate of such a member) all or 
substantially all of whose Assets relate to the acquisition, construction, development, 
operation and/or maintenance of the Project, either directly, or indirectly through one or 
more other SPPs incorporated solely for the purposes of, and all or substantially all of 
the Assets of such other SPP(s) relate to, the acquisition, construction, development, 
operation and/or maintenance of the Project (each a "Project Entity"); and 
(ii) in respect of which the holder(s) of such indebtedness (the "Lender") has no recourse to 
any member of the Group or a Subsidiary or an Affiliate of such a member for the 
repayment or payment of any sum in respect of such indebtedness other than recourse: 
A. 
in respect of share capital (or equivalent) in a Project Entity; and/or 
B. 
to a Project Entity in respect of such sum limited to the aggregate cash flow 
from the Project; and/or 
C. 
to a Project Entity for the sole purpose of enforcing any Security Interest 
given to the Lender over the Assets constituting or derived from the Project 
(or rights given by any shareholder or equivalent in a Project Entity over its 
shares or equity equivalent in the Project Entity) in order to secure such 
indebtedness; and/or 
D. 
to a Project Entity or a member of the Group or a Subsidiary or Affiliate or 
such member, which recourse is limited to a claim for damages (other than 
liquidated damages) for breach of a representation, warranty or obligation 
(not being a payment obligation or an obligation to procure payment by 
another or an indemnity in respect thereof) by the Person against whom 
recourse is available; and/or 
E. 
to any collateral or covenant to pay provided by any member of the Group or 
a Subsidiary or an Affiliate of such a member in exchange for the transfer to 
it of Assets in the form of cash of a Project Entity provided that such collateral 
or covenant provided in exchange for such Assets does not represent a value 
greater than the market value of such Assets at the time of transfer; 
(j) "Relevant Debt" means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money represented by 
bonds or notes (obligations) which are for the time being, or which are capable of being, quoted, 
admitted to trading or ordinarily traded on any stock exchange, over-the-counter market or other 
securities market; 
(k) "Security Interest" means any mortgage, lien, charge, pledge or other form of security interest 
(sûreté réelle); and 
(l) "Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person or entity at any time, any other Person or entity 
(whether or not now existing) as defined in Article L. 233-1 of the French Code de commerce or any 
other Person or entity controlled directly or indirectly by such Person or entity within the meaning of 
Article L. 233-3 of the French Code de commerce. 
This Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) shall not apply to Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
WS0101.34619409.1 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), in their updated version 
applicable as at the date of issue of the first tranche of the relevant Series, unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) in the case of Euro, a TARGET 2 Settlement Day and/or; 
(ii) in the case of a specified currency other than Euro, a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
the principal financial centre for that currency and/or; 
(iii) in the case of a specified currency and/or one or more business centre(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each 
of the Business Centres so specified. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding 
the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the 
"Calculation Period"): 
(i) if "Actual/Actual", "Actual/Actual-ISDA", "Act/Act" or "Act/Act-ISDA" is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" or "Act/Act-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
A. 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
B. 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one (1) Determination Period, the sum 
of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
in each case where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a 
Determination Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date, 
and  
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date 
(iii) if "Actual/365 (Fixed)", "Act/365 (Fixed)", "A/365 (Fixed)" or "A/365 F" is specified

--- Page 38 ---
38 
WS0101.34619409.1 
in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365 
(iv) if "Actual/360", "Act/360" or "A/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 
(v) if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 x [[360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)] 
where:  
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30 
(vi) if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 x [[360 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)] 
where:  
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30. 
(vii) if "30E/360-ISDA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 x [[
 x (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)] 
360
1
360
1
360
1
360
1

--- Page 39 ---
39 
WS0101.34619409.1 
where:  
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the first day of the Interest Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination 
Date relates. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have 
adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable for a particular period, and in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case 
may be. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service (including, but not limited to, Bloomberg, Reuters Markets 3000 ("Reuters") and 
Telerate) as may be specified for the purpose of providing a Relevant Rate, or such other 
page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
on such other information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or 
organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to that Relevant Rate. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes 
and that is specified (or determined on this basis of the information that is specified) in the

--- Page 40 ---
40 
WS0101.34619409.1 
relevant Final Terms and calculated on the basis of the Conditions. 
"Reference Banks" means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none, four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the Reference Rate (which, if EURIBOR is the relevant Reference Rate, shall 
be the Euro-zone).  
"Reference Rate" means the reference rates set out in the relevant Final Terms among 
EURIBOR, CDOR, CMS Rate, €STR, SONIA, SOFR, TONA and SARON (or, in the event 
of the disappearance of the relevant rate, any reference rate which is substituted for or is the 
successor of the relevant reference rate). 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the 
financial centre as may be specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the financial centre with which the relevant Reference Rate is most closely 
connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR, shall be the Euro-zone) or, if none is so 
connected, Paris. 
"Relevant Rate" means the Reference Rate for a Representative Amount of the Specified 
Currency for a period (if applicable or appropriate to the Reference Rate) equal to the 
Specified Duration commencing on the Effective Date. 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in 
the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no time is specified, 
the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and 
offered rates in respect of deposits in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the 
Relevant Financial Centre and for this purpose local time means, with respect to Europe and 
the Euro-zone as a Relevant Financial Centre, 11.00 a.m., Brussels time. 
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none specified, an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the time. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the 
relative Interest Accrual Period, ignoring any adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii). 
"TARGET 2 Settlement Day" means a day on which the TARGET 2 System is operating. 
"TARGET 2 System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform or any successor 
thereto. 
(b) Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on 
the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applying to an Interest 
Payment Date and (x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a 
day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or

--- Page 41 ---
41 
WS0101.34619409.1 
(ii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(c) Interest on Floating Rate Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes: 
(i) Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note, Inverse Floating Rate Note and 
Inflation Linked Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate 
of Interest, such interest being payable on each Interest Payment Date. Such Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant 
Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of 
months or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise 
fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified 
is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the 
next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the 
month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the relevant Final Terms specify that the relevant 
Business Day Convention is to be applied on an "unadjusted" basis, the Interest Amount 
payable on any date shall not be affected by the application of that Business Day 
Convention. 
(iii) Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to Screen Rate Determination 
shall apply.  
(A)Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be, subject as 
provided below or in Condition 5(c)(iii)(B), determined by the Calculation 
Agent at or about the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
respect of such Interest Accrual Period in accordance with the following 
(and in the following order): 
(a) 
if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Relevant Screen Page, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(i) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Page 
is a composite quotation or is customarily supplied by one 
entity) or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons 
whose Relevant Rates appear on that Relevant Screen 
Page,

--- Page 42 ---
42 
WS0101.34619409.1 
in each case appearing on such Page at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date, as disclosed in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(b) 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or 
if sub-paragraph (a)(i) applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the 
Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date or if 
sub-paragraph (a)(ii) applies and fewer than two Relevant Rates 
appear on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest 
shall be the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates that each of the 
Reference Banks is quoting to leading banks in the Relevant 
Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
 
(i) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and, if the Relevant Rate is 
an inter-bank offered rate, the Calculation Agent determines 
that fewer than two Reference Banks are so quoting 
Relevant Rates, subject as provided below, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) that the Calculation Agent 
determines to be the rates (being the nearest equivalent to 
the Reference Rate) in respect of a Representative Amount 
of the Specified Currency that at least two out of five leading 
banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency or, 
if the Specified Currency is Euro, in the Euro-zone as 
selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Principal Financial 
Centre") are quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the 
date on which such banks would customarily quote such 
rates for a period commencing on the Effective Date for a 
period equivalent to the Specified Duration (I) to leading 
banks carrying on business in Europe, or (if the Calculation 
Agent determines that fewer than two of such banks are so 
quoting to leading banks in Europe) (II) to leading banks 
carrying on business in the Principal Financial Centre; 
except that, if fewer than two of such banks are so quoting 
to leading banks in the Principal Financial Centre, the Rate 
of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest determined on the 
previous Interest Determination Date (after readjustment for 
any difference between any Margin, Rate Multiplier or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the 
preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period); and 
(ii) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and, in the case of a Relevant 
Rate other than an inter-bank offered rate, for any reason, 
fewer than two quotations are provided to the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the above paragraph, the Relevant 
Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercial and 
reasonable manner.  
(d) 
When SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes, the SONIA rate of interest 
determination method, as specified in the Final Terms (the "SONIA 
Rate of Interest Determination"), in which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined could be either SONIA Lookback Compound (non 
Index Determination), SONIA Shift Compound (non Index 
Determination), or SONIA Compound (Index Determination) as

--- Page 43 ---
43 
WS0101.34619409.1 
follows: 
(x) 
if SONIA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below be 
SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(y) 
if SONIA Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below be SONIA-
SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(z) 
if SONIA Compound is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below be SONIA-
COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any); 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)(d): 
“SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of 
a daily compounded interest investment (it being understood that the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest is the Sterling daily 
overnight reference) which will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
"do" is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Days in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in the Interest Accrual 
Period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, means the number of calendar days from and including such 
London Banking Day "i" up to but excluding the following London 
Banking Day (i+1); 
"Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the Final 
Terms; 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
London Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back 
Period, as specified in the Final Terms; 
"SONIA", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate 
for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of

--- Page 44 ---
44 
WS0101.34619409.1 
SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking 
Day; and 
"SONIAi-pLBD", means in respect of any London Banking Day "i" 
falling in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA in respect 
of the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior 
to the relevant London Banking Day "i". 
"SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (it being understood that the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest is the Sterling daily 
overnight reference) which will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"do" is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Days in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, means the number of calendar days from and including such 
London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London 
Banking Day (i+1); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling a number of 
London Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date falling a number of London Banking Days equal 
to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Accrual Period (or in the final Interest Accrual 
Period, the Maturity Date); 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of London Banking 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
"SONIA" in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate 
for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of 
SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the

--- Page 45 ---
45 
WS0101.34619409.1 
London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking 
Day; 
"SONIAi" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to SONIA in respect of that day "i". 
"SONIA-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a compounded 
average interest investment (it being understood that the reference 
rate for the calculation of interest is the Compounded Sterling daily 
overnight reference) which will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on each Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the Observation Period relating 
to such Interest Accrual Period; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling a number of 
London Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the first day of the such Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date falling a number of London Banking Days equal 
to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Accrual Period (or in the final Interest Accrual 
Period, the Maturity Date); 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of London Banking 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SONIA Compounded Indexx" means the SONIA Compounded 
Index value on the day falling a number of London Banking Days 
equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first date of such 
Interest Accrual Period; 
"SONIA Compounded Indexy" means the SONIA Compounded 
Index value on the day falling a number of London Banking Days 
equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment 
Date relating to such Interest Accrual Period (or in the final Interest 
Accrual Period, the Maturity Date); 
"SONIA" in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate 
for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of 
SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking 
Day; 
"SONIA Compounded Index" in relation to any London Banking 
Day shall be the SONIA Compounded Index value provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors on or about 9:00 
a.m. (London Time), and as then published on the Relevant Screen

--- Page 46 ---
46 
WS0101.34619409.1 
Page, or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors. In the event that the 
SONIA Compounded Index value originally published by the 
administrator of SONIA on or about 9:00 a.m. (London Time) on any 
London Banking Day is subsequently corrected and such corrected 
value is published by the administrator of SONIA on the original date 
of publication, then such corrected value, instead of the value that 
was originally published, shall be deemed the SONIA Compounded 
Index value. 
If the SONIA Compounded Index is unavailable on the Relevant 
Screen Page on any SONIA Compounded Index determination date, 
the “SONIA-COMPOUND” shall be calculated on any Interest 
Determination Date with respect to an Interest Accrual Period in 
accordance with “SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND” and the term 
“Observation Shift Days” shall mean the number of London Banking 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If, in respect of a London Banking Day "i-pLBD" or "i", as 
applicable, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA shall 
be: 
1. 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking 
Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five days on which SONIA has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one 
only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate (the "SONIA 
Replacement Rate"); or 
2. 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking 
Day on which the SONIA rate was published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) or, if more recent, the latest rate determined under 
(1) above. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of 
England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA is to be 
determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA, the 
Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, 
follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA for the purpose 
of the Notes for so long as the SONIA is not available or has not been 
published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, 
the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest

--- Page 47 ---
47 
WS0101.34619409.1 
which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest 
Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions, 
the 
final 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became 
due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so 
long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on 
such date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this provision, including any 
determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and 
any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any 
selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, 
(ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent’s sole discretion, and (iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation 
relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from 
the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
(e) 
When SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in 
the respect of the Floating Rate Notes, the SOFR rate of interest 
determination, as specified in the Final Terms (the "SOFR Rate of 
Interest Determination"), in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined could be either SOFR Arithmetic Mean, SOFR Lockout 
Compound, SOFR Lookback Compound, SOFR Shift Compound or 
SOFR Index Average, as follow: 
(x) 
if SOFR Arithmetic Mean is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of the SOFR 
rates for each day during the period, plus or minus (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any), as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, where the SOFR rate 
on the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date shall be used for the days 
in the period from (and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date 
(excluded); 
(y) 
if SOFR Lockout Compound is specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-
SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(z) 
if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below be USD-
SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(xx) 
if SOFR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below be USD-SOFR-
SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or

--- Page 48 ---
48 
WS0101.34619409.1 
(yy) 
if SOFR Index Average is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Rate if Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
will, subject as provided below, be USD-SOFR-INDEX-
AVERAGE plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any); 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)(e): 
If the Calculation Agent determines on or prior to the relevant 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the 
then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace 
the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in 
respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations 
on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Calculation Agent will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, any determination, decision or 
election that may be made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)(e), including any determination with respect 
to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence 
of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain 
from taking any action or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and 
binding absent manifest error; (ii) will be made in the sole discretion 
of the Calculation Agent, as applicable; and (iii) notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Programme or the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)(e), if 
the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, no SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement will be adopted by the Calculation Agent and the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement will be the SOFR determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the U.S. Govermnent Securities Business 
Day immediately preceding the Benchmark Replacement Date. 
"USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day following each SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, as follows, 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 
being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
"d0", for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period;

--- Page 49 ---
49 
WS0101.34619409.1 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (i+1); 
"SOFRi" means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i" that is a SOFR Interest Reset Date, SOFR in respect of this SOFR 
Interest Reset Date; 
"SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is the second U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period or such other 
date specified in the Final Terms; 
"SOFR Interest Reset Date" means each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
provided, however, that the SOFR with respect to each SOFR Interest 
Reset Date in the period from and including, the SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date of 
an Interest Accrual Period, will be the SOFR with respect to the 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
"USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND" means the rate of 
return of a daily compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as 
the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination 
Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
"d0", for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of each Interest 
Accrual Period, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days before each Interest Payment Date; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i" up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (i+1);

--- Page 50 ---
50 
WS0101.34619409.1 
"Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the Final Terms; 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-Back Period; 
"SOFRi-pUSGSBD" means in respect of any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i" falling in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, the SOFR for the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i". 
"USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a 
daily compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 
being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
"d0", for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the 
relevant Observation Period, means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i" up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (i+1); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling a number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the Observation 
Shift Days preceding the first date in such Interest Accrual Period to 
(but excluding) the date falling a number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days equal to the number of Observation Shift 
Days, preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual 
Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
"SOFRi" means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i" falling in the relevant Observation Period, the SOFR in respect of 
that U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i". 
"USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE" means the rate of return of a 
compounded average interest investment (with the SOFR Index as 
the reference rate for the calculation of interest) which will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination

--- Page 51 ---
51 
WS0101.34619409.1 
Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
"SOFR IndexStart" means the SOFR Index value on the date that is 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms preceding the first date of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period (a "SOFR Index Determination Date"). 
"SOFR IndexEnd" means the SOFR Index value on the date that is 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms preceding the Interest Payment Date 
relating to such Interest Accrual Period (or in the final Interest 
Accrual Period, the Maturity Date). 
"dc" means the number of calendar days from (and including) the 
SOFR IndexStart to (but excluding) the SOFR IndexEnd. 
Subject to paragraph (iii) below, if the SOFR Index is not published 
on any relevant SOFR Index Determination Date and a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have not occurred, the "USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE" shall 
be calculated on any Interest Determination Date with respect to an 
Interest Accrual Period, in accordance with "USD-SOFR-SHIFT-
COMPOUND" and the term "Observation Shift Days" shall mean 
two U.S. Government Securities Business Days. If a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, the provisions set forth in the definition of 
"SOFR" below shall apply. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)(e): 
"SOFR" means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day as published by 
the New York Federal Reserve, as the administrator of such 
rate (or a successor administrator), on the New York Federal 
Reserve’s (or such successor administrator’s) Website on or 
about 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the immediately 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
"SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day does not appear 
as specified in paragraph (i) above, unless both a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate in respect of the last U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which such rate was published 
on the New York Federal Reserve’s (or such successor 
administrator’s) Website; or 
(iii) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, 
(X) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has 
been selected or recommended by the Relevant

--- Page 52 ---
52 
WS0101.34619409.1 
Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current 
Benchmark 
for the 
applicable 
corresponding tenor and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment, 
(Y) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, or 
(Z) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has 
been selected by the Calculation Agent as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving 
due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of 
interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating 
rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
"SOFR Index" means the SOFR Index in relation to any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as published on the New York 
Federal Reserve’s (or such successor administrator’s) Website. 
"Benchmark" means, initially, SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, 
then "Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in 
the order presented in clause (iii) of the definition of "SOFR" that can 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date. 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative 
set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment; 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected by the Calculation 
Agent giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-
current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time. 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with 
respect 
to 
any 
Benchmark 
Replacement, 
any 
technical, 
administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
definition of “Interest Accrual Period”, timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the 
Calculation Agent decide may be appropriate to reflect the adoption 
of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent 
with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent decide that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not

--- Page 53 ---
53 
WS0101.34619409.1 
administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent determine that 
no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in 
such other manner as the Calculation Agent determine is reasonably 
necessary). 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
(including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of 
"Benchmark Transition Event", the later of (a) the date of 
the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the 
administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely 
ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event", the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the 
Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the 
Reference Time for such determination. 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) announcing that such administrator has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
WS0101.34619409.1 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be 
determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with 
respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be 
effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
"New York Federal Reserve" means the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York. 
"New York Federal Reserve’s Website" means the website of the 
New York Federal Reserve, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, 
or any successor website of the New York Federal Reserve or the 
website of any successor administrator of SOFR. 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the 
Benchmark means (i) if the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR 
Determination Time and (ii) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the time 
determined by the Calculation Agent after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USGSBD" means 
any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the 
fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day 
for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(f) 
When €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the rate of 
return of a daily compounded interest investment (with the daily euro 
short-term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular 
TARGET 2 Business Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as 
defined below) has occurred, the €STR for such TARGET 2 Business 
Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last TARGET 2 
Business Day for which such rate was published on the Website of 
the European Central Bank.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
WS0101.34619409.1 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular 
TARGET 2 Business Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event 
and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate 
of €STR for each TARGET 2 Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to 
the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the 
end of the first TARGET 2 Business Day following the date on which 
the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, then the rate of €STR for 
each TARGET 2 Business Day in the relevant Observation Period on 
or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined 
as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR. 
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently 
occur, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET 2 Business Day in the 
relevant Observation Period occurring on or after that ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the Modified 
EDFR. 
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain 
effective for the remaining term to maturity of the Notes. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, 
(i) the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date, (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if the 
rate of €STR for each TARGET 2 Business Day in the Observation 
Period on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were 
references to the latest published ECB Recommended Rate or, if 
EDFR is published on a later date than the latest published ECB 
Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR, or (iii) if there no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date and there is no published ECB 
Recommended Rate or Modified EDFR available, the rate of €STR 
for each TARGET 2 Business Day in the Observation Period on or 
after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to 
the latest published €STR (though substituting, in each case, where a 
different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin 
or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions, 
the 
final 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became 
due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so 
long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on 
such date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this provision, including any 
determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and

--- Page 56 ---
56 
WS0101.34619409.1 
any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any 
selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, 
(ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent’s sole discretion, and (iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation 
relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from 
the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)(f): 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
"do" for any Interest Accrual Period, is the number of TARGET 2 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"ECB Recommended Rate" means a rate (inclusive of any spreads 
or adjustments) recommended as the replacement for €STR by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for 
the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate 
may be produced by the European Central Bank or another 
administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer 
to the Calculation Agent; 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means the 
occurrence of one or more of the following events, as determined by 
the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the 
ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction 
over 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
ECB 
Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate, which states that the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the 
ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate; 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" 
means, in respect of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Event, the first date on which the ECB Recommended Rate is no 
longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
"ECB €STR Guideline" means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the 
European Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate 
(€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
"EDFR" means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the

--- Page 57 ---
57 
WS0101.34619409.1 
deposit facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits 
with the Eurosystem (comprising the European Central Bank and the 
national central banks of those countries that have adopted the Euro) 
as published on the Website of the European Central Bank; 
"EDFR Spread" means: 
a) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the 
end of the first TARGET 2 Business Day following the date 
on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR 
and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the €STR Index 
Cessation Event occurred; or 
b) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event 
occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between 
the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 
30 TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the date 
on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Event occurred; 
"€STR" means, in respect of any TARGET 2 Business Day, the 
interest rate representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight 
borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area provided by the 
European Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator) and published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. 
(Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is 
published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR 
Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised 
interest rate) on the TARGET 2 Business Day immediately following 
such TARGET 2 Business Day; 
"€STRi-pTBD" means, in respect of any TARGET 2 Business Day 
falling in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the €STR for the 
TARGET 2 Business Day falling "p" TARGET 2 Business Days prior 
to the relevant TARGET 2 Business Day "i"; 
"€STR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide €STR; or 
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the 
central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator 
of €STR or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, which 
states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide €STR;

--- Page 58 ---
58 
WS0101.34619409.1 
"€STR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an 
€STR Index Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no 
longer provided by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer and notified by 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant TARGET 2 Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first TARGET 2 Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date 
corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period; 
"Modified EDFR" means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus 
the EDFR Spread; 
"ni" for any TARGET 2 Business Day "i" is the number of calendar 
days from, and including, the relevant TARGET 2 Business Day "i" 
up to, but excluding, the immediately following TARGET 2 Business 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Observation Period" means in respect of any Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from and including the date falling "p" TARGET 
2 Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period (and the first Observation Period shall begin on and include 
the date falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior to the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling 
"p" TARGET 2 Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date of 
such Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET 2 
Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
TARGET 2 Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back 
Period; and 
"Website of the European Central Bank" means the website of the 
European Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any 
successor website officially designated by the European Central 
Bank. 
(g) 
When TONA is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms in respect of the Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
rate of return of a daily compounded interest investment (with the 
daily rates of the day-to-day interbank JPY market in Tokyo as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)(g): 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period;

--- Page 59 ---
59 
WS0101.34619409.1 
"do" is the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant Tokyo Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first Tokyo Banking Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
"ni" means, for any Tokyo Banking Day "i", the number of calendar 
days from and including such Tokyo Banking Day "i" up to but 
excluding the following Tokyo Banking Day ("i+1"); and 
"Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the Final Terms; 
"p" means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
Tokyo Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period, 
as specified in the Final Terms; 
"Tokyo Banking Day" or "TBD" means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo; 
"TONA", in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily Tokyo OverNight Average rate in respect of such 
Tokyo Banking Day as published by the Bank of Japan on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the Tokyo 
Banking Day immediately following such Tokyo Banking Day. 
"TONAi-pTBD", means for any Tokyo Banking Day "i" falling in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the TONA in respect of the Tokyo 
Banking Day falling "p" Tokyo Banking Days prior to the relevant 
Tokyo Banking Day "i". 
If, in respect of that Tokyo Banking Day falling "p" Tokyo Banking 
Days prior to the relevant Tokyo Banking Day "i", the Calculation 
Agent determines that the TONA is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such TONA shall be the TONA in respect of 
the first preceding Tokyo Banking Day on which the TONA rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors). 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, if a Benchmark Event occurs 
in relation to TONA, Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) below shall apply. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, 
the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest 
Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period).

--- Page 60 ---
60 
WS0101.34619409.1 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions, 
the 
final 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became 
due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so 
long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on 
such date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this provision, including any 
determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and 
any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any 
selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, 
(ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent’s sole discretion, and (iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation 
relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from 
the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
(h) 
When SARON is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below, be the rate of return of a daily compounded interest investment 
(with the overnight interest rate of the secured funding market for 
Swiss franc as the reference rate for the calculation of interest), plus 
or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
For the purpose of this Condition 4.2(c)(iii)(I): 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"d0" is the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant Zurich Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first Zurich Banking Day in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"ni" for any Zurich Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar 
days from (and including) such Zurich Banking Day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following Zurich Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling a number of 
Zurich Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding 
the first day of such Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the 
date falling a number of Zurich Banking Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of Zurich Banking 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 61 ---
61 
WS0101.34619409.1 
"SARON" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day published by 
the Administrator of SARON on the Relevant Screen Page at the 
Relevant Time on such Zurich banking Day; 
"SARONi" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to SARON in respect of that day "i". 
If the SARON is not published on the Relevant Screen Page (the 
"SARON Screen Page") at the Relevant Time on the relevant Zurich 
Banking Day and a SARON Index Cessation Event and a SARON 
Index Cessation Effective Date have not both occurred on or prior to 
the Relevant Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day, the SARON 
for such Zurich Banking Day shall be the rate equal to the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight published by the SARON Administrator on 
the SARON Administrator Website for the first preceding Zurich 
Banking Day on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight was 
published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON 
Administrator Website. 
If the SARON is not published on the SARON Screen Page at the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day and both a 
SARON Index Cessation Event and a SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred on or prior to the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Zurich Banking Day: 
a. 
if there is a SARON Recommended Replacement Rate 
within one Zurich Banking Day of the SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date, the SARON shall be the rate equal 
to the SARON Recommended Replacement Rate for such 
Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SARON 
Recommended Adjustment Spread, if any, published on 
such Zurich Banking Day; or 
b. 
if there is no SARON Recommended Replacement Rate 
within one Zurich Banking Day of the SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date, the SARON shall be the rate equal 
to the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (the "SNB 
Policy Rate") for such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to 
the SNB Adjustment Spread, if any. 
Any substitution of the SARON by the SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate or the SNB Policy Rate as specified above (the 
"SARON Replacement Rate") will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Notes. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, 
the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest 
Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the

--- Page 62 ---
62 
WS0101.34619409.1 
Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
"SARON Administrator" means SIX Swiss Exchange or any 
successor administrator of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; 
"SARON Administrator Website" means the website of the 
SARON Administrator; 
"SARON Index Cessation Effective Date" means the earliest of: 
a. 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation 
Event described in clause a. of the definition thereof, the 
date on which the SARON Administrator ceases to provide 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; 
b. 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation 
Event described in clause b.(x) of the definition thereof, the 
latest of: (i) the date of such statement or publication, (ii) the 
date, if any, specified in such statement or publication as the 
date on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight will no 
longer be representative, and (iii) if a SARON Index 
Cessation Event described in clause b.(y) of the definition 
thereof has occurred on or prior to either or both dates 
specified in subclauses (i) and (ii) of this clause b., the date 
as of which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no 
longer be used; and 
c. 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation 
Event described in clause b.(y) of the definition thereof, the 
date as of which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no 
longer be used; 
"SARON Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events: 
a. 
public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the SARON Administrator, or by any competent 
authority, announcing or confirming that the SARON 
Administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; or 
b. 
public statement or publication of information by the 
SARON Administrator or any competent authority 
announcing that (x) the Swiss Average Rate Overnight is no 
longer representative or will as of a certain date no longer 
be representative, or (y) the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
may no longer be used after a certain date, which statement, 
in the case of subclause (y), is applicable to (but not 
necessarily limited to) fixed income securities and 
derivatives; 
"SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread" means, with respect 
to any SARON Recommended Replacement Rate, the spread (which 
may be positive, negative or zero), or formula or methodology for 
calculating such a spread, 
a. 
that the SARON Recommending Body has recommended 
be applied to such SARON Recommended Replacement 
Rate in the case of fixed income securities with respect to 
which such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate has

--- Page 63 ---
63 
WS0101.34619409.1 
replaced the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the reference 
rate for purposes of determining the applicable rate of 
interest thereon; or 
b. 
if the SARON Recommending Body has not recommended 
such a spread, formula or methodology as described in 
clause a. above, to be applied to such SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight with such SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate for purposes of 
determining SARON, which spread will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, and be consistent with 
industry-accepted practices for fixed income securities with 
respect to which such SARON Recommended Replacement 
Rate has replaced the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the 
reference rate for purposes of determining the applicable 
rate of interest thereon; 
"SARON Recommended Replacement Rate" means the rate that 
has been recommended as the replacement for the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight by any working group or committee in Switzerland 
organised in the same or a similar manner as the National Working 
Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was founded in 2013 for 
purposes of, among other things, considering proposals to reform 
reference interest rates in Switzerland (any such working group or 
committee, the "SARON Recommending Body"); 
"SIX Swiss Exchange" means SIX Swiss Exchange AG and any 
successor thereto; and 
"SNB Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to the SNB Policy 
Rate, the spread to be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight with the SNB Policy Rate for purposes of determining 
SARON, which spread will be determined by the Calculation Agent, 
acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, taking 
into account the historical median between the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight and the SNB Policy Rate during the two year period 
ending on the date on which the SARON Index Cessation Event 
occurred (or, if more than one SARON Index Cessation Event has 
occurred, the date on which the first of such events occurred). 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph ‘Relevant Screen Page’ 
specifies that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an 
Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to 
two rates based on the Relevant Rate, one of which shall be determined as if 
the maturity were the period of time (for which rates are available) next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period, and the other of which 
shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of time (for which rates 
are available) next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
(B) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any 
time when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for any rate of

--- Page 64 ---
64 
WS0101.34619409.1 
interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and 
prevail over other fallbacks specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(A). For the 
avoidance of doubt, the following provisions shall not apply to Floating Rate 
Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SARON. 
 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine 
a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance 
with Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(b)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(c)) and any 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
(in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner as an expert and (in the absence of manifest error or fraud) 
shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible 
for determining the Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant 
to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest 
(or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
further operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but there is an Alternative Rate, 
then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition5(c)(iii)(B)(c)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest 
on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner (i) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component 
part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(as applicable). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) and the 
Independent Adviser determines in good faith and in a commercially

--- Page 65 ---
65 
WS0101.34619409.1 
reasonable manner (A) that amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes (including, without limitation, amendments to the 
definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Days or Relevant Screen 
Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, 
the "Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving 
notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(e), without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice and 
each Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and such related 
changes and adjustments pursuant to this paragraph (d). 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the 
Independent Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) and, in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders, promptly of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and of the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under 
this Condition5(c)(iii)(B). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread 
(if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such 
notice will (in the absence of manifest error in the determination of 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread 
(if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the 
Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
(being the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable), the 
Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) and the Noteholders and, 
where applicable, Couponholders and Receiptholders. 
(f) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to 
the determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately 
following Interest Determination Date, no Independent Adviser has 
been appointed or no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision, the Original 
Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes of 
determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination 
Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions provided in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(A) will continue to apply to such determination, 
provided that such fallbacks may in certain circumstances, lead to 
the application of the Rate of Interest determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), 
at any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B), on one or more occasions until a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been 
determined 
and 
notified 
in 
accordance 
with 
this

--- Page 66 ---
66 
WS0101.34619409.1 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) (and, until such determination and notification 
(if any), the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms 
and Conditions including, for the avoidance of doubt, the fallbacks 
specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(A), will continue to apply). 
(g) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive 
or negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, 
in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines and which 
is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice 
or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(a) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
(b) in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor 
Rate where(a) above does not apply), is in customary market 
usage in the international debt capital market for transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, as the case may 
be, the Successor Rate); or 
(c) if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made  
available), or the Independent Adviser determines there is no 
such spread, formula or methodology in customary market 
usage, the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith, determines 
to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of Successor Rate, an 
alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) and which 
is customary market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in 
the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference 
Rate: 
(a) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published;  
(b) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, on or 
before a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date 
falling six (6) months prior to the specified date referred to in 
(b)(i); 
(c) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued;

--- Page 67 ---
67 
WS0101.34619409.1 
(d) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor 
of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling 
six (6) months prior to the specified date referred to in (d)(i); 
(e) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the 
Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case within the following six (6) months; 
(f) it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, 
become unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent), 
or any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to be made 
to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, 
without limitation, under the Regulation (EU) 2016/2011, as 
amended (the "Benchmarks Regulation"), if applicable);  
(g) that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration 
pursuant to Article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation of any 
benchmark administrator previously authorised to publish such 
Original Reference Rate has been adopted; or 
(h) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate, in the opinion of the supervisor, is no longer 
representative of an underlying market or that its method of 
calculation has significantly changed. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution 
of international repute or an independent adviser of recognised 
standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense under Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(a) (which may be one of the 
Dealers, involved in the issue of the Notes and/or the Calculation 
Agent). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining the 
relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) 
on the Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for 
the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of 
the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark Event, more

--- Page 68 ---
68 
WS0101.34619409.1 
than one successor or replacement rates are recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser shall determine 
which of those successor or replacement rates is the most 
appropriate, taking into consideration, without limitation, the 
particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
(iv) Rate of Interest for Inverse Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Inverse 
Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, shall be equal to the Fixed 
Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms minus the Floating Rate, specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Fixed Rate or Floating Rate, as applicable, and the respective 
amounts of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with the provisions 
applying to Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes, as applicable. 
(v) Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation 
Linked Notes applicable to each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined according 
to the method indicated below. 
(A) 
Consumer Price Index  
Where the consumer price index excluding tobacco for all households in 
metropolitan France, as calculated and published by the "Institut National de 
la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques" (the "INSEE") (the "CPI") is 
specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 5(c)(iv)(A) 
shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out below only 
when this Condition 5(c)(v)(A) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the CPI 
(the "CPI Linked Interest") applicable from time to time for each Interest 
Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per 
annum specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index 
Ratio (as defined below), as determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
(a) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an 
"Interest Determination Date") the Calculation Agent will calculate 
the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(v)(A), the "Inflation Index 
Ratio" or "IIR" is the ratio between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined below) applicable upon any Interest 
Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) the 
base reference defined as the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as 
defined below) applicable on the date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the "Base Reference"). Notwithstanding Condition 5(i)(iii), 
the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with 
halves being rounded up). 
"CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index" means (i) in relation to the 
first day of any given month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of the 
third month preceeding such month, and (ii) in relation to a day (D) 
(other than the first day) in any given month (M), the linear 
interpolation of the CPI Monthly Reference Index pertaining 
respectively to the third month preceeding such month (M - 3) and the 
second month preceeding such month (M - 2) calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
 


3
M
2
M
M
3
M
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
ND
1
D
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI








--- Page 69 ---
69 
WS0101.34619409.1 
With: 
"NDM": actual number of days in the relevant month M; 
"D": actual day of payment in the relevant month M; 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2": price index of month M - 2; 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3": price index of month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(j)(iv), the CPI Daily Inflation Reference 
Index will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with 
halves being rounded up) 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index 
appears 
on 
the 
Agence 
France 
Trésor 
Reuters 
page 
OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg TRESOR<GO> pages and on 
the website www.aft.gouv.fr. In the case of doubt in the interpretation 
of the methods used to calculate the Inflation Index Ratio, such 
methods shall be interpreted by reference to the procedures selected by 
the French Treasury (Trésor) for its obligations assimilables du Trésor 
indexées sur l'inflation. 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index" refers to the definitive consumer 
price index excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan 
France, as calculated and published monthly by the INSEE as such 
index may be adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided 
herein. 
The calculation method described in this Condition is based on the 
recommendation issued by the French Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire - www.cnofrance.org) in its December 
2010 Paper entitled "Inflation Indexed Notes" (Obligations et autres 
instruments de taux d'intérêts en euro, Normes et usages des marchés 
de capitaux - Chapitre II: Les obligations indexées sur l'inflation). In 
the case of any conflict between this calculation method provided 
below and the calculation method provided by the French Bond 
Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire), the calculation 
method provided by the French Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire) shall prevail.  
(b) 
 
(i) If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely 
manner, a substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index (the 
"Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index") shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
(x) If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice 
provisoire) has already been published, such index shall 
automatically be used as the Substitute CPI Monthly 
Reference Index. Such provisional CPI Monthly Reference 
Index would be published under the heading "indice de 
substitution". Once the definitive CPI Monthly Reference 
Index is released, it would automatically apply from the day 
following its release to all calculations taking place from 
this date.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
WS0101.34619409.1 
(y) If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is available, 
a substitute index shall be calculated on the basis of the most 
recently published figure adjusted as set out in the following 
formula: 
 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM= 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M – 1    
 
(ii) In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base 
changes for the purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly Reference 
Index at any time while any of the Notes are still outstanding, then 
for the purpose of calculating the relevant Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Notes, the value of the CPI Monthly Reference 
Index following such change in base shall be determined in 
accordance with the methodology published by INSEE. In the 
event that no such methodology is published, then the Calculation 
Agent shall make such calculation as it, in its reasonable 
discretion, deems appropriate to determine the relevant CPI 
Monthly Reference Index. 
(B) 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices  
Where the harmonised index of consumer price (excluding tobacco) 
measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union as calculated 
and published monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP") is specified as the Index in 
the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 5(c)(v)(B) shall apply. Terms defined 
herein shall have the meanings set out below only when this Condition 
5(c)(v)(B) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the HICP 
(the "HICP Linked Interest") applicable from time to time for each Interest 
Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per 
annum specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index 
Ratio (as defined below), as determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
(a) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an 
"Interest Determination Date") the Calculation Agent will calculate 
the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(v)(B), the "Inflation Index 
Ratio" or "IIR" is the ratio between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined below) applicable upon any Interest 
Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) the 
base reference defined as the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as 
defined below) applicable on the date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the "Base Reference"). Notwithstanding Condition 5(j)(iv), 
the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with 
halves being rounded up). 
"HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index" means (i) in relation to the 
first day of any given month, the HICP Monthly Reference Index of 
the third month preceeding such month, and (ii) in relation to a day (D) 
(other than the first day) in any given month (M), the linear 
interpolation of the HICP Monthly Reference Index pertaining 
12
1
13
-
M
Index 
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI
 
1
-
M
Index 
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI
 









--- Page 71 ---
71 
WS0101.34619409.1 
respectively to the third month preceeding such month (M - 3) and the 
second month preceeding such month (M - 2) calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
 
Where: 
"NDM": actual number of days in the relevant month M; 
"D": actual day of payment in the relevant month M; 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M-2": price index of month M - 2; 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3": price index of month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(j)(iv), the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures 
(with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index 
appears on the Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATEI01, on the 
website www.aft.gouv.fr. and on Bloomberg page TRESOR. 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index" refers to the harmonised index of 
consumer prices (excluding tobacco) measuring the rate of inflation in 
the European Monetary Union as calculated and published by Eurostat 
as such index may be adjusted or replaced from time to time as 
provided herein. The first publication or announcement of a level of 
such index for a given month shall be final and conclusive and later 
revisions to the level for such month will not be used in any 
calculations.  
(b) 
 
(i) If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely 
manner, a substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index (the 
"Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index") shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following provisions: 
(x) If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has already 
been published by Eurostat, such index shall automatically 
be used as the Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index. 
Once the definitive HICP Monthly Reference Index is 
released, it would automatically apply from the day 
following its release to all calculations taking place from 
this date. 
(y) If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is 
available, a substitute index shall be calculated on the basis 
of the most recently published figure adjusted as set out in 
the following formula: 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM= 


3
M
2
M
M
3
M
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
ND
1
D
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP








--- Page 72 ---
72 
WS0101.34619409.1 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M – 1    
 
 
(ii) In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base 
changes for the purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly 
Reference Index at any time while any of the Notes are still 
outstanding, then for the purpose of calculating the relevant Rate 
of Interest in respect of such Notes, the value of the HICP Monthly 
Reference Index following such change in base shall be 
determined in accordance with the methodology published by 
Eurostat. In the event that no such methodology is published, then 
the Calculation Agent shall make such calculation as it, in its 
reasonable discretion, deems appropriate to determine the relevant 
HICP Monthly Reference Index.  
(C) 
U.K. Retail Price Index (RPI)  
(a) 
Where RPI (as defined below) is specified as the Index in the relevant 
Final Terms, this Condition 5(c)(v)(C) shall apply. Terms defined 
herein shall have the meanings set out below only when this Condition 
5(c)(v)(C) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the 
RPI (the "RPI Linked Interest") will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
"Base Index Figure" means (subject to Condition 5(c)(v)(C)(b)) the 
base index figure as specified in the relevant Final terms; 
"Index" or "Index Figure" means, subject as provided in Condition 
5(c)(v)(C)(b), the U.K. Retail Price Index (RPI) (for all items) 
published by the Office for National Statistics (January 1987 = 100) or 
any comparable index which may replace the U.K. Retail Price Index 
for the purpose of calculating the amount payable on repayment of the 
Reference Gilt (the "RPI"). Any reference to the Index Figure which 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as: 
12
1
13
-
M
Index 
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP
 
1
-
M
Index 
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP
 









--- Page 73 ---
73 
WS0101.34619409.1 
(i) applicable to a particular month, shall, subject as provided in 
Conditions 5(c)(v)(C)(b) and 5(c)(v)(C)(c), be construed as a 
reference to the Index Figure published in the seventh month prior 
to that particular month and relating to the month before that of 
publication; or 
(ii) applicable to the first calendar day of any month shall, subject as 
provided in Conditions 5(c)(v)(C)(b) and 5(c)(v)(C)(c), be 
construed as a reference to the Index Figure published in the 
second month prior to that particular month and relating to the 
month before that of publication; or 
(iii) applicable to any other day in any month shall, subject as provided 
in Conditions 5(c)(v)(C)(b) and 5(c)(v)(C)(c), be calculated by 
linear interpolation between (x) the Index Figure applicable to the 
first calendar day of the month in which the day falls, calculated 
as specified in sub-paragraph (ii) above and (y) the Index Figure 
applicable to the first calendar day of the month following, 
calculated as specified in sub-paragraph (ii) above and rounded to 
the nearest fifth decimal place. 
"Inflation Index Ratio" applicable to any month or date, as the case 
may be, means the Index Figure applicable to such month or date, as 
the case may be, divided by the Base Index Figure and, 
notwithstanding Condition 5(j), rounded to the nearest fifth decimal 
place; 
"Limited Index Ratio" means (a) in respect of any month or date, as 
the case may be, prior to the relevant Issue Date, the Inflation Index 
Ratio for that month or date, as the case may be, (b) in respect of any 
Limited Indexation Date after the relevant Issue Date, the product of 
the Limited Indexation Factor for that month or date, as the case may 
be, and the Limited Index Ratio as previously calculated in respect of 
the month or date, as the case may be, twelve months prior thereto; and 
(c) in respect of any other month, the Limited Index Ratio as previously 
calculated in respect of the most recent Limited Indexation Month; 
"Limited Indexation Date" means any date falling during the period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms for which a Limited Indexation 
Factor is to be calculated; 
"Limited Indexation Factor" means, in respect of a Limited 
Indexation Month or Limited Indexation Date, as the case may be, the 
ratio of the Index Figure applicable to that month or date, as the case 
may be, divided by the index Figure applicable to the month or date, 
as the case may be, twelve months prior thereto, provided that (a) if 
such ratio is greater than the Maximum Indexation Factor specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, it shall be deemed to be equal to such 
Maximum Indexation Factor and (b) if such ratio is less than the 
Minimum Indexation Factor specified in the relevant Final terms, it 
shall be deemed to be equal to such Minimum Indexation Factor; 
"Limited Indexation Month" means any month specified in the 
relevant Final terms for which a Limited Indexation Factor is to be 
calculated; 
"Limited Index Linked Instruments" means Inflation Linked Notes 
to which a Maximum Indexation Factor and/or a Minimum Indexation 
Factor (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) applies; and

--- Page 74 ---
74 
WS0101.34619409.1 
"Reference Gilt" means the Treasury Stock specified as such in the 
relevant Final terms for so long as such stock is in issue, and thereafter 
such issue of index-linked Treasury Stock determined to be appropriate 
by a gilt-edged market maker or other adviser selected by the Issuer 
(an "Indexation Advisor"). 
The RPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest 
Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the 
rate per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the 
Inflation Index Ratio or Limited Index Ratio in the case of Limited 
Index Linked Instruments applicable to the month or date, as the case 
may be, on which such payment falls to be made. 
(b) 
Changes in Circumstances Affecting the Index 
(i) Change in base: If at any time and from time to time the Index is 
changed by the substitution of a new base therefor, then with effect 
from the month from and including that in which such substitution 
takes effect or the first date from and including that on which such 
substitution takes effect, as the case may be, (1) the definition of 
Index and Index Figure in Condition 5(c)(v)(C)(a) shall be deemed 
to refer to the new date or month in substitution for January 1987 
(or, as the case may be, to such other date or month as may have 
been substituted therefor), and (2) the new Base Index Figure shall 
be the product of the existing Base Index Figure and the Index 
Figure for the date on which such substitution takes effect, divided 
by the Index Figure for the date immediately preceding the date 
on which such substitution takes effect. 
(ii) Delay in publication of Index if sub-paragraph (i) of the definition 
of Index Figure is applicable: If the Index Figure which is 
normally published in the seventh month and which relates to the 
eighth month (the "relevant month") before the month in which 
a payment is due to be made is not published on or before the 
fourteenth business day before the date on which such payment is 
due (the "date for payment"), the Index Figure applicable to the 
month in which the date for payment falls shall be (1) such 
substitute index figure (if any) as the Indexation Advisor (after 
consultation with the Issuer) considers to have been published by 
the United Kingdom Debt Management Office for the Bank of 
England, as the case may be, for the purposes of indexation of 
payments on the Reference Gilt or, failing such publication, on 
any one or more issues of index-linked Treasury Stock selected by 
the Indexation Advisor (and approved by the Issuer (acting solely 
on the advice of the Indexation Advisor)) or (2) if no such 
determination is made by such Indexation Advisor within seven 
days, the Index Figure last published (or, if later, the substitute 
index 
figure 
last 
determined 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
5(c)(v)(C)(b)(i)) before the date for payment).

--- Page 75 ---
75 
WS0101.34619409.1 
(iii) Delay in publication of Index if sub-paragraph (ii) and/or (iii) of 
the definition of Index Figure is applicable: If the Index Figure 
relating to any month (the "calculation month") which is required 
to be taken into account for the purposes of the determination of 
the Index Figure for any date is not published on or before the 
fourteenth business day before the date on which such payment is 
due (the "date for payment"), the Index Figure applicable for the 
relevant calculation month shall be (1) such substitute index figure 
(if any) as the Indexation Advisor (after consultation with the 
Issuer) considers to have been published by the United Kingdom 
Debt Management Office or the Bank of England, as the case may 
be, for the purposes of indexation of payments on the Reference 
Gilt or, failing such publication, on any one or more issues of 
index-linked Treasury Stock selected by the Indexation Advisor 
(and approved by the Issuer (acting solely on the advice of the 
Indexation Advisor)) or (2) if no such determination is made by 
such Indexation Advisor within seven days, the Index Figure last 
published (or, if later, the substitute index figure last determined 
pursuant to Condition 5(c)(v)(C)(b)(i)) before the date for 
payment). 
(c) 
Application of Changes 
Where the provisions of Condition 5(c)(v)(C)(b)(ii) or (iii) apply, the 
determination of the Indexation Advisor as to the Index Figure 
applicable to the month in which the date for payment falls or the date 
for payment, as the case may be, shall be conclusive and binding. If, 
an Index Figure having been applied pursuant to Condition 
5(c)(v)(C)(b)(ii)(2) or Condition 5(c)(v)(C)(b)(iii)(2), the Index Figure 
relating to the relevant month or relevant calculation month, as the case 
may be, is subsequently published while any Inflation Linked Notes 
are still outstanding, then: 
(i) in relation to a payment of principal or interest in respect of such 
Inflation Linked Notes other than upon final redemption of such 
Inflation Linked Notes, the principal or interest (as the case may 
be) next payable after the date of such subsequent publication shall 
be increased or reduced, as the case may be, by an amount equal 
to the shortfall or excess, as the case may be, of the amount of the 
relevant payment made on the basis of the Index Figure applicable 
by 
virtue 
of 
Condition 
5(c)(v)(C)(b)(ii) 
or 
Condition 
5(c)(v)(C)(b)(iii)(2) below or above the amount of the relevant 
payment that would have been due if the Index Figure 
subsequently published had been published on or before the 
fourteenth business day before the date for payment; and 
(ii) in relation to a payment of principal or interest upon final 
redemption, no subsequent adjustment to amounts paid will be 
made. 
(d) 
Cessation of or Fundamental Changes to the Index 
(i) If (1) the Issuer has been notified by the Calculation Agent that the 
Index has ceased to be published or (2) any change is made to the 
coverage or the basic calculation of the Index which constitutes a 
fundamental change which would, in the reasonable opinion of the 
Indexation Advisor (after consultation with the Issuer) be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Issuer, or the 
Indexation Advisor (after consultation with the Issuer), be

--- Page 76 ---
76 
WS0101.34619409.1 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, the 
Indexation Advisor (after consultation with the Issuer) shall make 
for the purpose of the Inflation Linked Notes one or more 
adjustments to the Index or a substitute index (with or without 
adjustments) with the intention that the same should leave the 
Issuer and the Noteholders in no better and no worse position than 
they would have been had the Index not ceased to be published or 
the relevant fundamental change not been made. 
(ii) The Index shall be adjusted or replaced by a substitute index as 
determined by the Indexation Advisor (after consultation with the 
Issuer), and references in these Conditions to the Index and to any 
Index Figure shall be deemed amended in such manner as the 
Indexation Advisor (after consultation with the Issuer) deem are 
appropriate to give effect to such adjustment or replacement. Such 
amendments shall be effective from the date of such notification 
and binding upon the Issuer and the Noteholders, and the Issuer 
shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) of such amendments as promptly as practicable 
following such notification. 
(d) Formula Rate Notes: Formula Rate Notes are Notes for which a Formula Rate (as specified in the 
Final Terms) applies. A Formula Rate may consist of adding, substracting, multiplying or dividing 
two Floating Rates, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
(e) Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes for which a change of interest basis 
(the "Change of Interest Basis") is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
If Fixed/Floating Rate Notes is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
 
(i) the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms (the 
"Switch Date") from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed 
Rate. The Issuer election to change the interest basis (the "Issuer Change of Interest 
Basis") will be deemed effective upon receipt of a valid notification sent by the Issuer, 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) to the relevant Noteholders within the period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(ii) the single Noteholder, if all the Notes are held by a single Noteholder, or, in the case of 
more than one Noteholder, the Representative (as defined in Condition 11 
(Representation of Noteholders), acting on behalf of all the Noteholders following a 
Collective Decision (as defined in Condition 11(a)), may elect to convert the Interest 
Rate of all (but not some only) of the Notes from the Floating Rate of Interest to the 
Fixed Rate (as defined below) for each subsequent Interest Period (the "Conversion 
Option"), by notice to the Issuer and to the Fiscal Agent within the period specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. The exercise of the Conversion Option is irrevocable; or 
(iii) the rate at which the Notes bear interest will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to 
a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate (the "Automatic Change of 
Interest Basis") on the date set out in the Final Terms (the "Automatic Switch Date"). 
(f) Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon and 
is repayable prior to the Maturity Date is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal 
of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
(as described in Condition 6(f)(i)). 
 
(g) Dual Currency Notes: The Issuer may issue Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes with interest 
payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are 
denominated. In such a case, the relevant Final Terms will specify the relevant currency(ies) in which 
interest is/are payable and the applicable Rate(s) of Exchange.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
WS0101.34619409.1 
 
(h) Accrual of interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless 
(i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, 
upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall 
continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided 
in this Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 
(Taxation)).  
(i) Deferral of interest: If deferral of interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the case of 
Undated Subordinated Notes, interest shall be payable on each Compulsory Interest Payment Date 
(as defined below) in respect of the interest accrued in the Interest Period ending on the day 
immediately preceding such date. On any Optional Interest Payment Date (as defined below) there 
may be paid (if the Issuer so elects) the interest accrued in the Interest Period ending on the day 
immediately preceding such date but the Issuer shall not have any obligation to make such payment. 
Notice of any Optional Interest Payment Date shall (for so long as the rules of, or applicable to, any 
Regulated Market so require) be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
and to the relevant Regulated Market. Such notice shall be given at least seven (7) calendar days prior 
to the relevant Optional Interest Payment Date(s). Any interest not paid on an Optional Interest 
Payment Date shall, so long as the same remains unpaid, constitute "Arrears of Interest" which term 
shall include interest on such unpaid interest as referred to below. Arrears of Interest may, at the 
option of the Issuer, be paid in whole or in part at any time upon the expiration of not less than seven 
(7) calendar days’ notice to such effect given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) but all Arrears of Interest on all Undated Subordinated Notes outstanding shall become due 
in full on whichever is the earliest of: 
(i) the next Interest Payment Date if such Interest Payment Date is a Compulsory Interest 
Payment Date or,  
(ii) the date on which any Undated Subordinated Notes are to be redeemed partially or in 
full (otherwise than at the option of the Noteholders) in accordance with their terms and 
conditions or, 
(iii) (a) a judgement rendered by any competent court declaring the transfer of the whole of 
the business (cession totale de l’entreprise) or the judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer or (b) the liquidation of the Issuer for any other reason. 
If notice is given by the Issuer of its intention to pay the whole or part of Arrears of Interest, the Issuer 
shall be obliged to do so upon the expiration of such notice. When Arrears of Interest are paid in part, 
each such payment shall be applied in or towards satisfaction of the full amount of the Arrears of 
Interest accrued in respect of the earliest Interest Period in respect of which Arrears of Interest have 
accrued and have not been paid in full. Arrears of Interest shall (to the extent permitted by law) bear 
interest accruing (but only, in accordance with Article 1343-2 of the French Code civil, after such 
interest has been due for a period of at least one year) and compounding on the basis of the exact 
number of days which have elapsed at the prevailing rate of interest on the Undated Subordinated 
Notes in respect of each relevant Interest Period. For these purposes the following expressions have 
the following meanings: 
"Compulsory Interest Payment Date" means any Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer has (i) 
declared or paid any dividend (final or interim) of any nature (whether in cash, shares or any other 
form and including, any interim dividend (acompte sur dividende) on any Share Capital Securities, 
(ii) redeemed, repurchased or otherwise acquired any Share Capital Securities by any means other 
than in connection with the performance by the Issuer of its obligations under any existing or future 
benefit plan, share option plan or free share allocation scheme reserved for directors, officers or 
employees of the Issuer or (iii) at its election, redeemed, repurchased or otherwise acquired any Parity 
Securities (other than Notes). 
"Optional Interest Payment Date" means any Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, other than 
a Compulsory Interest Payment Date. 
"Parity Securities" means any subordinated obligations or other instruments issued by the Issuer 
which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu among themselves and with the Subordinated Notes. 
"Share Capital Securities" means (a) any ordinary shares (actions ordinaires) of the Issuer and (b)

--- Page 78 ---
78 
WS0101.34619409.1 
any other class of the Issuer’s share capital (including preference shares (actions de préférence, 
including actions à dividendes prioritaires sans droit de vote), or other priority shares (actions de 
priorité)) issued by the Issuer. 
(j) Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts, Redemption Amounts, 
Rate Multipliers and/or Exponent and Rounding 
(i) If any Margin and/or Rate Multiplier and/or Exponent is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), 
an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of 
Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in 
accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute 
value (if a negative number) of such Margin or multiplying by such Rate Multiplier or 
applying such Exponent, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment 
Amount or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the 
case may be. 
(iii) Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed equal to zero. For the avoidance of doubt, 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" shall refer to the relevant rate plus any relevant margin. 
(iv) For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures 
(with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable 
shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), 
save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these 
purposes unit means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender 
in the country(ies) of such currency. 
(k) Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated 
by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note 
by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period, in which 
case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest 
Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises 
two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period 
shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(l) Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Instalment 
Amounts: As soon as practicable after the relevant time on such date as the Calculation Agent may 
be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, it shall determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each 
Specified Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Instalment 
Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and 
cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect 
of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes 
are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated 
Market so require, such Regulated Market as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in 
the case of notification to such Regulated Market of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in 
all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date 
or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts 
and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative

--- Page 79 ---
79 
WS0101.34619409.1 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and 
the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(m) Calculation Agent and Reference Banks: The Issuer shall use its best efforts to procure that there 
shall at all times be four Reference Banks (or such other number as may be required by the 
Conditions) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and one or more Calculation Agents if 
provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as 
defined in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)). If any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) 
is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer shall appoint another 
Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its place. Where 
more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions 
to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties 
under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual 
Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any 
other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the 
interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is 
most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent 
(acting through its principal office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such 
in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the 
rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent 
shall be given in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below or its 
maturity is extended in accordance with the paragraph below, each Note shall be finally redeemed on 
the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which, 
unless otherwise provided in these Conditions, is its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Note falling 
within Condition 6(b) below, its final Instalment Amount. 
If an extended maturity date (the "Extended Maturity Date") is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives 
and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice to 
that effect in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) to the Noteholders, not pay whole or part of the 
Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such payment 
of an unpaid amount will be deferred and may be paid in whole or in part by the Issuer on any 
Specified Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to and including the Extended Maturity Date, 
but shall in any event be due and payable on the Extended Maturity Date. Interest from the Maturity 
Date and up to the Extended Maturity Date will be specified in the relevant Final Terms, will accrue 
on any unpaid amount during such extended period and be payable on each Specified Interest 
Payment Date and on the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with these Conditions and the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(b) Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and 
cancelled as provided in this Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) or the relevant 
Instalment Date (being one of the dates so specified in the relevant Final Terms) is extended in 
accordance with the paragraph below, each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment 
Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be 
reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a 
proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from 
the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or 
refused (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on the due date for such payment or (ii) in the case 
of Materialised Notes, on presentation of the related Receipt, in which case, such amount shall remain 
outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
WS0101.34619409.1 
If an extended instalment date (the "Extended Instalment Date") is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable 
notice to that effect to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), not pay whole or 
part of the Instalment Amount on the Instalment Date specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such 
payment of an unpaid amount will be deferred and may be paid in whole or in part by the Issuer on 
any Specified Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to and including the Extended Instalment 
Date, but shall in any event be due and payable on the Extended Instalment Date. Interest on the 
Instalment Amount from the Instalment Date and up to the Extended Instalment Date will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, will accrue on any unpaid amount on such Instalment Amount during 
such extended period and be payable on each Specified Interest Payment Date and on the Extended 
Instalment Date in accordance with these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
 
(c) Final Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes: If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation Linked Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
(or any other party responsible for calculating the Final Redemption Amount, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) on the following basis: 
(i) 
Where the CPI or HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms: 
Final Redemption Amount = IIR × nominal amount of the Notes 
"IIR" being for the purpose of this Condition 6(c) the ratio determined on the fifth Business Day 
before the Maturity Date between (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, 
the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the 
Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference 
on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Where the RPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms: 
Final Redemption Amount = Inflation Index Ratio or the Limited Index Ratio, as the case may be, 
(as defined in Condition 5(c)(v)(C)) × outstanding nominal amount of the Notes. 
(iii) 
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated as set out in Conditions 6(c)(i) and 6(c)(ii) above 
is below par, the Notes will be redeemed at par. 
(d) Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption:  
(i) 
Call Option 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the 
Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor 
more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) to 
the Noteholders, redeem in relation to all, or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount (as 
set out in Condition 6(f)) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption (including, 
where applicable, any Arrears of Interest), if any. Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a 
nominal amount at least equal to the minimum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and no greater than the maximum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(ii) 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
Unless specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 
fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time during the period starting on (and including) the 
Initial Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and ending on

--- Page 81 ---
81 
WS0101.34619409.1 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(iii) 
Make-whole Redemption 
Unless specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance 
with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more 
than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) to the 
Noteholders redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to their 
Maturity Date (the "Make-whole Redemption Date"). Any such redemption of Notes shall be made 
at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount.  
"Make-whole Redemption Amount" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent (or any 
other party responsible for calculating the Make-whole Redemption Amount, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) and equal to the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes 
so redeemed or (y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of 
principal and interest on such Notes up to and including the Maturity Date or, if the Residual Maturity 
Call Option is applicable, the Initial Residual Maturity Call Option Date (excluding any interest 
accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date) discounted to the 
relevant Make-whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Make-whole Redemption Rate plus 
a Make-whole Redemption Margin, plus in each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the Make-whole Redemption Date.  
"Make-whole Redemption Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Make-whole Redemption Rate" means (i) the average of the four quotations given by the 
Reference Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the fourth 
Business Day preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European Time 
("CET")) ("Reference Dealer Quotation") or (ii) the Reference Screen Rate, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four banks selected by the Calculation Agent (or any other 
party responsible for calculating the Make-whole Redemption Amount, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective 
successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues, or such other banks or method of 
selection of such banks as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Reference Screen Rate" means the screen rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Reference Security" means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's option shall 
be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.  
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the 
Calculation Agent (or any other party responsible for calculating the Make-whole Redemption 
Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the third Business Day 
preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Calculation Agent (or any 
other party responsible for calculating the Make-whole Redemption Amount, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) to the Issuer and published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices).  
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the 
Reference Security having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of 
the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining 
term of the Notes.  
The Make-whole Redemption Rate will be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices).  
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent (or any other party responsible for calculating 
the Make-whole Redemption Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) shall (in the absence

--- Page 82 ---
82 
WS0101.34619409.1 
of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.  
(iv) 
Acquisition Event Call Option  
If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and an 
Acquisition Event (as defined below) occurs, the Issuer shall, within sixty (60) calendar days of the 
occurrence of the Acquisition Event, notify the Noteholders (with a copy to the Fiscal Agent) that an 
Acquisition Event has occurred and that either (a) it will redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes 
at the Acquisition Event Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with any interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption (such date to be not more than 
forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' of the date of the notice) or (b) it will waive its 
right to call the Notes in accordance with this Condition 6(d)(iv). All notices to Noteholders shall be 
irrevocable and given pursuant to Condition 14 (Notices).  
An "Acquisition Event" shall have occurred if by the Acquisition Completion Date (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms):  
(i) the Issuer has not completed and closed the acquisition of the Acquisition Target (as defined 
in the relevant Final Terms); or  
(ii) the Issuer has publicly stated that it no longer intends to pursue the acquisition of the 
Acquisition Target. 
(v) 
Partial Redemption 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes to be 
redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and 
reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance 
with any applicable laws and Regulated Market requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may be 
effected, at the option of the Issuer, either (i) by reducing the nominal amount of all such 
Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed or (ii) by 
redeeming in full some only of such Dematerialised Notes and, in such latter case, the choice between 
those Dematerialised Notes that will be fully redeemed and those Dematerialised Notes of any Series 
that will not be redeemed shall be made in accordance with Article R. 213-16 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with any 
other applicable laws and Regulated Market requirements. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, 
such Regulated Market require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial 
redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in a leading newspaper with general circulation in the 
city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located, which in the 
case of Euronext Paris is expected to be Les Echos, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount 
of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes, a list of any Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(e) Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options: If an Investor 
Put is specified in the relevant Final Terms the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the 
Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the 
Issuer redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount 
(as set out in Condition 6(f)) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption including, 
where applicable, any Arrears of Interest. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified office 
during usual business hours a duly completed option exercise notice (the "Exercise Notice") in the 
form obtained during usual business hours from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the 
case may be, within the notice period. Such notice shall, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, 
have attached to it such Note (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, 
the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent specified in the Exercise 
Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred may be 
withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
WS0101.34619409.1 
(f) Early Redemption Amount and Optional Redemption Amount: 
(i) Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note, upon redemption of such Notes pursuant to Condition 6(g) or 6(j) 
or upon becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of 
Default), or the Optional Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 
6(d)(i) or 6(e) in respect of such Notes, as the case may be, shall be the 
amortised nominal amount (the "Amortised Nominal Amount") 
(calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised 
Nominal Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a 
rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal 
Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back 
to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon 
its redemption pursuant to Condition 6(g) or 6(j) or upon becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default), or the 
Optional Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 6(d)(i) or 6(e) in 
respect of such Notes, is not paid when due, the Early Redemption 
Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due and 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount 
of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-
paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Amortised 
Nominal Amount becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The 
calculation of the Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with this 
sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (as well after as before judgment) 
until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the 
Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the 
scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date 
together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 
5(g). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) Inflation Linked Notes: 
(A) If the relevant Final Terms provide that Condition 6(f)(ii)(A) shall apply in 
respect of Inflation Linked Notes, the Early Redemption Amount upon 
redemption of such Notes pursuant to Condition 6(g) or 6(j) or upon becoming 
due and payable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default), or the Optional 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 6(d)(i) or 6(e) in respect of such 
Notes, as the case may be, will be determined by the Calculation Agent (or any 
other party responsible for calculating the Early Redemption Amount and/or the 
Optional Redemption Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the 
following basis:  
(i) 
where the CPI or HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the 
Final Terms: 
"Early Redemption Amount" = IIR × nominal amount of the Notes  
Or, as the case may be: 
"Optional Redemption Amount" = IIR × nominal amount of the Notes

--- Page 84 ---
84 
WS0101.34619409.1 
"IIR" being for the purpose of this Condition the ratio determined on the 
fifth Business Day before the date set for redemption between (i) if the 
CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily 
Inflation Reference Index on the date set for redemption and the Base 
Reference specified in the relevant Final Terms, or (ii) if HICP is specified 
as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index on the date set for redemption and the Base Reference 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
where the RPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final 
Terms: 
Early Redemption Amount = Inflation Index Ratio or the Limited Index 
Ratio, as the case may be, (as defined in Condition 5(c)(v)(C)) × 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
(iii) 
If the Early Redemption Amount calculated as set out in 
Conditions 6(f)(ii)(A)(i) and 6(f)(ii)(A)(ii) above is below par, the 
Notes will be redeemed at par. 
(B) 
If the Inflation Linked Notes (whether or not Condition 6(f)(ii)(A) applies) 
fall to be redeemed for whatever reason before the Maturity Date, the 
Issuer will pay the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, together with interest accrued to the date set 
for redemption. Such accrued interest will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent (or any other party responsible for calculating the Early Redemption 
Amount and/or the Optional Redemption Amount, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) in respect of the period from, and including the 
immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the 
Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the date set for 
redemption of such Notes at a rate per annum on the basis of the provisions 
of Condition 5(c)(iv) above except that, for such purposes the relevant 
Interest Determination Date shall be the fifth Business Day prior to the 
relevant Early Redemption Date. 
(iii) Other Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than 
Notes described in (i) and (ii) above), upon redemption of such Note 
pursuant to Condition 6(g) or 6(j) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) shall be the Final Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption 
(including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest). 
(B) 
The Optional Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other 
than Notes described in (i) and (ii) above), upon redemption of such Note 
pursuant to Condition 6(d)(i) or 6(e) will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the following basis: 
"Optional Redemption Amount" = Y × Specified Denomination 
Where: 
"Y" means the ratio expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(g) Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on 
the occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes, not 
be able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified 
under Conditions 8(a) and 8(b) below, the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest

--- Page 85 ---
85 
WS0101.34619409.1 
Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, subject to 
having given not more than sixty (60) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to 
the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where 
applicable, any Arrears of Interest) provided that the due date for redemption of which 
notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on 
which the Issuer could make payment of principal and interest without withholding for 
French taxes. 
(ii) If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes 
be prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, 
Couponholders of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the 
undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Conditions 8(a) and 8(b) below, then 
the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall 
upon giving not less than seven (7) calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then 
outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the 
date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest) on (A) the 
latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could make payment of the 
full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes, provided that if such notice 
would expire after such Interest Payment Date the date for redemption pursuant to such 
notice of Noteholders shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable date on which the 
Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the 
Notes and (ii) fourteen (14) calendar days after giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as 
aforesaid or (B) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, provided that the 
due date for redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given shall be the latest 
practicable date at which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount payable in 
respect of the Notes, or, if applicable, Receipts, Coupons or, if that date is passed, as 
soon as practicable thereafter. 
(h) Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case 
of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto 
are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price, subject 
to the applicable laws and/or regulations. Any Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and 
resold in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, or cancelled. 
(i) Cancellation: All Notes redeemed or purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will be 
cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, together with all rights relating to payment of interest 
and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance 
with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, 
together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith, by surrendering to the Fiscal Agent the Temporary Global Certificate and the 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes in question together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons 
and all unexchanged Talons. Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered 
for cancellation may not be re-issued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such 
Notes shall be discharged. For so long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris, the Issuer will forthwith inform Euronext Paris of any such cancellation. 
(j) Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application of such 
law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or 
comply with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given 
not more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date 
set for redemption (including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest). 
(k) Redemption at the option of Noteholders following a Change of Control: If at any time while any 
of the Notes remain outstanding, there occurs a Change of Control and within the Change of Control 
Period a Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs (a "Put Event"), each 
Noteholder will have the option (the "Put Option") (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event 
Notice (as defined below), the Issuer has given not more than sixty (60) nor less than thirty (30)

--- Page 86 ---
86 
WS0101.34619409.1 
calendar days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of its 
intention to redeem the Notes pursuant to Condition 6(d) (if specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
applicable), Condition 6(g) or Condition 6(j) (which notice shall be irrevocable)) to require the Issuer 
to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, to procure the purchase of that Note on the Optional Settlement 
Date (as defined below) at an amount equal to 101% of its principal amount together with accrued 
interest (including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest) to but excluding the Optional 
Settlement Date. 
"Control", in respect of any entity, means: 
(i) the holding or acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any person or persons acting in 
concert or any person or persons acting on behalf of any such person(s) (the "Relevant 
Person(s)") of (A) more than 50 per cent. of the issued share capital of such entity; or 
(B) a number of shares in the share capital of such entity carrying more than 50 per cent. 
of the voting rights normally exercisable at a general meeting of such entity; or (C) a 
number of shares in the share capital of such entity carrying at least 40 per cent. of the 
voting rights normally exercisable at general meetings of such entity and no other 
shareholder of such entity, directly or indirectly, acting alone or in concert with others, 
holds a number of shares carrying a percentage of the voting rights normally exercisable 
in such general meetings which is higher than the percentage of voting rights attached to 
the number of shares held by such Relevant Person(s) or;  
(ii) whether by the ownership of share capital or the possession of voting power, contract or 
otherwise the ability, directly or indirectly, of any Relevant Person(s) to appoint or 
dismiss all or the majority of the members of the Conseil d’administration or other 
governing or supervisory body of such entity. 
A "Change of Control" in respect of the Issuer shall be deemed to have occurred at each time 
(whether or not approved by the Issuer) that any Relevant Person(s), at any time following the Issue 
Date of the Notes acquire(s) Control of the Issuer. 
"Change of Control Period" means the period commencing on the date that is the earlier of: 
(i) the date of the First Formal Change of Control Announcement; and  
(ii) the date of the earliest relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement (if any),  
and ending ninety (90) calendar days after the First Formal Change of Control Announcement (the 
"Initial Longstop Date"), provided that, unless any other Rating Agency has on or prior to the Initial 
Longstop Date effected a Rating Downgrade in respect of its rating of the Notes, if one or more Rating 
Agency publicly announces, at any time within a period starting on the date which is sixty (60) 
calendar days prior to the Initial Longstop Date and ending on the Initial Longstop Date, that it has 
placed its rating of the Notes under consideration for rating review as a consequence of such Change 
of Control, the Change of Control Period shall be extended to the date which falls sixty (60) calendar 
days after the date of the first such public rating review consideration announcement. 
"First Formal Change of Control Announcement" means the first of any formal public 
announcement of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control in respect of the Issuer. 
"Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or statement by 
the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any advisor thereto relating to any potential Change of 
Control, such announcement or statement occurring no more than a hundred and eighty (180) calendar 
days prior to the First Formal Change of Control Announcement. 
"Rating Agency" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and/ or Moody's Investors Service 
España, S.A. and their respective successors or affiliates and/ or any other rating agency of equivalent 
international standing specified from time to time by the Issuer which has a current rating of the Notes 
at any relevant time. 
A "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control in respect 
of the Issuer if within the Change of Control Period the rating previously assigned to any of the Notes 
by any Rating Agency is (i) withdrawn or (ii) changed from an investment grade rating (BBB-/Baa3, 
or their respective equivalents for the time being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating 
(BB+/Ba1, or their respective equivalents for the time being, or worse) or (iii) if the rating previously

--- Page 87 ---
87 
WS0101.34619409.1 
assigned to any of the Notes by any Rating Agency was below an investment grade rating (as 
described above), lowered at least one full rating notch (for example, from BB+/Ba1 to BB/Ba2 or 
their respective equivalents), provided that a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a 
particular change in rating shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of 
Control in respect of the Issuer if the Rating Agency making the change in rating does not publicly 
announce or publicly confirm that the reduction was the result, in whole or part, of any event or 
circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect of, such Change of Control.  
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice 
(a "Put Event Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice 
shall be irrevocable) specifying the nature of the Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and 
the procedure for exercising the Put Option contained in this Condition 6(k)). 
To exercise the Put Option to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of a Note under 
this Condition 6(k), the holder of that Note must (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes transfer or 
cause to be transferred by its Account Holder its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account 
of the Paying Agent specified in the Put Option Notice for the account of the Issuer or (ii) in the case 
of Materialised Notes, deposit its Notes with any Paying Agent specified in the Put Option Notice for 
the account of the Issuer, in each case within the period (the "Put Period") of forty-five (45) calendar 
days after the Put Event Notice is given together with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise 
in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a 
"Put Option Notice") and in which the holder may specify a bank account to which payment is to be 
made under this Condition 6(k). 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at the option of the Issuer, procure the purchase of, the Notes in respect 
of which the Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above, and subject to the transfer or 
deposit of such Notes as described above on the date which is the fifth Business Day (as defined in 
Condition 5(a)) following the end of the Put Period (the "Optional Settlement Date"). Payment in 
respect of any Note so transferred or deposited will be made to each relevant holder in accordance 
with Condition 7 (Payments and Talons) on the Optional Settlement Date. 
(l) Squeeze Out Option: Unless specified as not being applicable in the relevant Final Terms and if a 
percentage, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, which shall not be lower than seventy-five per 
cent. of the original aggregate principal amount of the Notes of any Series (the "Squeeze Out 
Amount") has been redeemed or repurchased by the Issuer, the Issuer may, on not less than thirty 
(30) nor more than sixty (60) calendar days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) at any time prior to the Maturity Date, redeem on a date to be specified in 
such notice (the "Squeeze Out Redemption Date") at its option, all (but not some only) of the 
remaining Notes of that Series at their principal amount, together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the Squeeze Out Redemption Date, and where applicable, any Arrears of Interest (the 
"Squeeze Out Option"). 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
Arrears of Interest, where applicable) in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form) be made by 
transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the 
benefit of the Noteholders and, (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form), to an 
account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the 
Noteholders. All payments validly made to such Account Holders will be an effective discharge of 
the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any Arrears of Interest, where applicable) in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes shall, subject 
as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender during usual business hours of the 
relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for 
redemption and provided that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative Note), 
Materialised Bearer Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, 
as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 
7(f)(vi)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by 
a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer

--- Page 88 ---
88 
WS0101.34619409.1 
to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank.  
"Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of Euro, in a 
city in which banks have access to the TARGET 2 System. 
"Receipt" means the receipt issued with respect to the relevant Materialised Bearer Note.  
(c) Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes 
are denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have 
appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in 
the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal 
or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of 
such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or 
other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 8 (Taxation). No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of 
the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case, do not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other 
Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent or the 
Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall 
at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions 
so require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, 
(iv) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities, including in the 
case of Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and so long as the rules of, or applicable to, 
the relevant Regulated Market so require, in such other city where the Notes are admitted to trading 
(including Paris so long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris) (v) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, in fully registered form, a Registration Agent and (vi) such other agents 
as may be required by any other Regulated Market on which the Notes may be admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in 
paragraph (c) above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to 
consolidating such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 13 
(Further Issues and Consolidation), the Issuer shall ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as 
both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of both such Notes and such other 
Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(f) Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) Unless Materialised Bearer Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Bearer Notes should be 
surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, 
failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon 
(together, where applicable, with the amount of any Arrears of Interest corresponding to 
such Coupon) (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the 
amount of such missing unmatured Coupon (together, where applicable, with the amount 
of any Arrears of Interest corresponding to such Coupon) that the sum of principal so 
paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption

--- Page 89 ---
89 
WS0101.34619409.1 
Amount, Amortised Nominal Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted 
shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon 
within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10 (Prescription)). 
(ii) If Materialised Bearer Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such 
Materialised Bearer Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any unexchanged 
Talon relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon 
shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note that is redeemable in 
instalments, all Receipts relating to such Materialised Bearer Note having an Instalment 
Date falling on or after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and 
no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(v) Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons 
are to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for 
redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Materialised Bearer Note is 
presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall 
be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(vi) If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date for 
payment of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest 
or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any Arrears of Interest if applicable) shall only be payable against presentation 
(and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. 
Interest accrued on a Materialised Bearer Note that only bears interest after its Maturity 
Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant 
Materialised Bearer Notes. 
(g) Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may 
be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and 
if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 10 (Prescription)). 
(h) Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
business day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day 
nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business 
day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on 
which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Centres" in the relevant Final Terms and (B) (i) (in 
the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro), where payment is to be made by transfer to an 
account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may 
be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency 
or (ii) (in the case of a payment in Euro), which is a TARGET 2 Settlement Day. 
8 
Taxation 
(a) Withholding Tax  
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) Additional Amounts

--- Page 90 ---
90 
WS0101.34619409.1 
If French law should require that payments of principal or interest (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any Arrears of Interest) in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon be 
subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future French taxes or duties 
whatsoever, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Receiptholders and 
the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received by 
them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection:  
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if applicable, a Receiptholder or a 
Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his 
having some connection with the Republic of France other than the mere holding of 
the Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date in the case 
of Materialised Notes:  
in the case of Materialised Notes, more than thirty (30) calendar days after the 
Relevant Date except to the extent that the Noteholder or, if applicable, a 
Receiptholder or a Couponholder, as the case may be, would have been entitled to 
such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day; or 
(iii) 
Non-cooperative State or territory:  
if the Notes do not benefit from any exception provided in the Bulletin officiel des 
Finances Publiques-Impôts, BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 n°150 (published on 24 February 
2021) of the French tax authorities and when such withholding or deduction is 
required to be made by reason of that interest, Receipt or Coupon being (x) paid to an 
account opened in a financial institution established in, or (y) paid or accrued to a 
person established or domiciled in, a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou 
territoire non-coopératif) as defined in Article 238-0 A of the French Code général 
des impôts (other than those mentioned in Article 238-0 A 2 bis 2° of the same code) 
for the purpose of Articles 125 A III and 119 bis 2 of the same code.  
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means the 
date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due (and, for the avoidance of doubt, in the case 
of Arrears of Interest, references to becomes due shall be interpreted in accordance with the provisions 
of Condition 5(h)) or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date 
on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or, in the case of Materialised Notes (if 
earlier) the date seven (7) calendar days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders 
that, upon further presentation of the Note, Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the 
Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable in 
respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the 
nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) or any 
amendment or supplement to it, (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all 
other amounts (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all Arrears of Interest) payable pursuant to 
Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) 
"principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable 
under this Condition. 
Each Noteholder shall be responsible for supplying to the Paying Agent via the clearing systems, in a 
reasonable and timely manner, any information as may be required in order to comply with the 
identification and reporting obligations imposed on it by Article 242 ter of the French Code général 
des impôts. 
The Issuer, any Paying Agent, or any party may be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts 
required by the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or 
successor provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement, or implementing legislation

--- Page 91 ---
91 
WS0101.34619409.1 
adopted by another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement 
with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA withholding") as a result of the Noteholder, 
beneficial owner or an intermediary (that is not an agent of the Issuer) not being entitled to receive 
payments free of FATCA withholding. The Issuer shall not be liable for, or otherwise obliged to pay, 
any FATCA withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other party. 
9 
Events of Default 
The Representative (as defined in Condition 11 (Representation of the Noteholders)), upon request of 
any Noteholder, or in the event the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder, such Noteholder, 
may, upon written notice to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent given before all defaults shall have been 
cured, cause all the Notes (but not some only) held by any such Noteholder or the sole Noteholder to 
become immediately due and payable at their principal amount, together with any accrued interest 
thereon (including, where applicable, any Arrears of Interest), as of the date on which such notice for 
payment is received by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent without further formality, if any of the 
following events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur: 
(a) Unsubordinated Notes: In the case of Unsubordinated Notes: 
(i) default in any payment when due of interest on any of the Notes, and the continuance of 
any such default for a period of fifteen (15) calendar days thereafter; or 
(ii) default in the performance of, or compliance with, any other obligation of the Issuer 
under the Notes, if such default shall not have been remedied within thirty (30) calendar 
days after receipt by the Fiscal Agent of written notice of such default given by the 
Representative (as defined in Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders); or 
(iii) any other present or future indebtedness (excluding any Project Finance Indebtedness) 
of the Issuer or of its Principal Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) 
for borrowed money in excess of Euro 150,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) shall become due and payable prior to its stated maturity as a result of a default 
thereunder, or any such indebtedness shall not be paid when due after, as the case may 
be, the expiration of any applicable grace period, unless the Issuer or any such Principal 
Subsidiary is contesting in good faith and by appropriate proceedings before a competent 
court that such indebtedness was due and payable, or unless such default by a Principal 
Subsidiary under such indebtedness for borrowed money arises directly or indirectly as 
a result of a Loss of Concession (as defined below); or 
(iv) if the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 4 (Negative 
Pledge) makes any proposal for a general moratorium in relation to its debt; or a 
judgement is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for the transfer 
of the whole business (cession totale de l'entreprise à la suite d'un plan de cession) of 
the Issuer or of the relevant Principal Subsidiary; or to the extent permitted by applicable 
law, the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries is subject to any other insolvency or 
bankruptcy proceedings; or the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries makes any 
conveyance, assignment or other arrangement for the benefit of, or enters into a 
composition with its creditors as a whole; or the Issuer ceases to carry on all or  
substantially all of its business or operations or is dissolved except (i) any operation 
falling within the definition of Permitted Reorganisation (as defined below) or (ii) in the 
event of a Loss of Concession or (iii) with the prior approval of the Masse, for the 
purposes of, or in connection with, an amalgamation, reorganisation, consolidation or 
merger (other than a Permitted Reorganisation) which is implemented. 
The occurrence of any Event of Default must be notified to the Noteholders by a publication 
in accordance with the provisions of Condition 14 (Notices). 
For the purposes of this Condition 9 (Events of Default): 
"Concessionary Activities" means all activities exercised by virtue of a public law 
agreement or a private law agreement which purpose is to put the Issuer or one of its 
Subsidiaries (the "Concession Holders") in charge of the conception, financing, construction 
and/or development of an infrastructure, a project and/or service in exchange for a 
remuneration consisting in whole or in part of fees, toll or revenues paid by the users of the

--- Page 92 ---
92 
WS0101.34619409.1 
infrastructure, project or service, or calculated, in whole or for a substantial part, by reference 
to the operating income or the performance or the availability of the infrastructure, project 
and/or service (including when all or part of such remuneration is definitively acquired 
starting on a certain fixed date agreed between the parties). 
"Concession Agreements" means each of the agreements for the purposes of Concessionary 
Activities. 
"Loss of Concession" means any or all of the Concession Agreements being terminated, 
revoked, suspended, cancelled, amended or invalidated or the relevant concession being 
bought back, where in each case the relevant Concession Holder is entitled to receive 
monetary compensation. 
"Permitted Reorganisation" means a reconstruction, amalgamation, merger, consolidation 
or transfer of assets and/or activities (a "Reorganisation") where the surviving legal entity 
which acquires or to which is transferred all or a substantial part of the business and/or 
activities of the Issuer:  
(a) expressly and effectively by law assumes all the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes 
and has obtained all authorisations therefore; and 
(b) benefits from a senior long term debt rating from either S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited or Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. or their respective successors or 
affiliates and/ or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing specified 
from time to time by the Issuer which is equal to or higher than the senior long term debt 
rating of the Notes immediately prior to the Reorganisation. 
(b) Subordinated Notes: In the case of Subordinated Notes and in accordance with Condition 3(b), if 
any judgment shall be issued for the transfer of the whole of its business (cession totale de 
l’entreprise) or the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, or if the Issuer is 
liquidated for any other reason, then the Subordinated Notes shall become immediately due and 
payable, in accordance with Condition 3(b), at their principal amount together with any accrued 
interest to the date of payment and where applicable, any Arrears of Interest, without further 
formality. 
10 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for this 
purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within five (5) 
years (in the case of principal or interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the provisions of 
Articles L. 228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce with the exception of Article L. 228-56 of the 
French Code de commerce and as supplemented by this Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders).  
(a) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the 
"Collective Decisions"). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common 
rights, actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
(b) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of

--- Page 93 ---
93 
WS0101.34619409.1 
Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such 
Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration, if any, in connection with its 
functions or duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is 
payable in relation to any subsequent Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, dissolution, resignation or revocation of 
appointment of the Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if 
any. Another Representative may be appointed. Collective Decisions in relation to the 
appointment or replacement of the Representative shall be published in accordance with 
Condition 11(h). 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
initial Representative and the alternate Representative (if any) at the head office of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have 
the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests 
of the Noteholders. The Representative may, delegate its powers with the prior approval of 
the Issuer. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or 
against the Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions  
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the "General Meeting") or by 
consent following a written consultation (the "Written Resolution") (as further described 
in Condition 11(d)(ii) below).  
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by entries in the books 
of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) 
of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in 
Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 11(h). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(i) 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the 
Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth 
(1/30) of the principal amount of Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and 
the Representative a demand for a General Meeting to be called. If such General 
Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, the 
Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the competent court to appoint 
an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders 
present or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions

--- Page 94 ---
94 
WS0101.34619409.1 
of the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by 
the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published 
in accordance with Condition 11(h) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to 
the date of the General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) 
calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy 
or by correspondence.  
Each Noteholder or Representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a 
copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, 
which will be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for 
inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at any 
other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, during the fifteen (15) 
calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first 
convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period preceding the holding of the 
General Meeting on second convocation. 
(ii) 
Written Resolution and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce the Issuer shall be 
entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution 
from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following 
sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several 
documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the 
Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L. 228-46-1 and R. 225-97 of the French Code de 
commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of electronic 
communication allowing the identification of Noteholders ("Electronic Consent").  
Written Resolutions shall not have to comply with formalities and time limits referred 
to in Condition 11(d)(i) above. Any Written Resolution shall, for all purposes, have 
the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such Noteholders.  
For the purpose hereof, a Written Resolution will be deemed to have been approved 
if (i) Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection of such proposed Written 
Resolution hold at least one fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding and (ii) Noteholders expressing their approval hold at least two-third 
(2/3) of such quorum. 
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all 
expenses relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all 
administrative expenses resolved upon by Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated 
that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which 
have been assimilated (assimilables for the purpose of French law) with the Notes of such 
first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 13(a), shall, for the defence of their 
respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse.  
(g) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise

--- Page 95 ---
95 
WS0101.34619409.1 
all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the French 
Code de commerce. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity 
and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of 
such Series. 
(h) 
Notices to Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 (Representation 
of Noteholders) shall be published on the website of Vinci (https://www.vinci.com) and, 
(i) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif), mailed to them 
at their respective addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have been given 
on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the 
mailing; or 
(ii) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur), given by delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing 
system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared.  
Any decision to proceed with a transaction, notwithstanding the failure to obtain 
Noteholders' approval, as contemplated by article L. 228-72 of the French Code de 
commerce will be notified to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11(h). Any 
Noteholder will then have the right to request redemption of its Notes at par within thirty 
(30) days from the date of notification, in which case the Issuer shall redeem such Noteholder 
within thirty (30) days of the Noteholder's request for redemption. 
If a merger or a spin-off is contemplated by the Issuer, the Issuer will have the option to 
submit the proposal for approval by a Collective Decision of the Masse or to offer 
redemption at par to Noteholders pursuant to articles L. 228-73 and L. 236-13 of the French 
Code de commerce. Such redemption offer shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance 
with this Condition 11(h). If the Masse does not approve the merger or spin-off proposal, 
any decision to proceed with the transaction will be notified to Noteholders in accordance 
with this Condition 11(h).  
(i) 
Outstanding Notes 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders) 
"outstanding" shall not include those Notes purchased by the Issuer pursuant to Article 
L. 213-0-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier that are held by it in accordance with 
Article D. 213-0-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier and not cancelled. 
(j) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Solely in the context of a Benchmark Event which leads to the application of a Benchmark 
Amendment, the Noteholders shall be deemed to have agreed and approved any Benchmark 
Amendments or such other necessary changes pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iii)(B). 
12 
Replacement of Definitive Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt 
Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to 
applicable laws, regulations and Regulated Market regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose 
and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of 
the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and 
indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the

--- Page 96 ---
96 
WS0101.34619409.1 
case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount 
payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or 
further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) Further Issues: The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders create and issue further notes to be assimilated (assimilables for 
the purpose of French Law) and form a single series with the Notes provided such Notes and the 
further notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the principal amount 
thereof and the first payment of interest in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such further 
notes provide for such assimilation and references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(b) Consolidation: The Issuer may, with the prior approval (which shall not be unreasonably withheld) 
of the Redenomination and Consolidation Agent, from time to time on any Interest Payment Date 
occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty (30) calendar days’ prior 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), without the consent of the 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes 
of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European 
national currencies or in Euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not 
originally denominated in Euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to 
such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
14 
Notices 
(a) Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if 
either (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to 
have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the 
mailing, or (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) in a leading daily newspaper with 
general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or (b) so long as such 
Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation 
in France (which is expected to be Les Echos) and, so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on 
any other Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, in a 
leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which 
such Notes are admitted to trading is located. 
(b) Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur) shall be valid if published (i) in a daily leading newspaper with general circulation in Europe 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times) or (ii) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to 
be Les Echos) and so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market, in a 
leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which 
such Notes are admitted to trading is located. 
(c) If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on 
different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed 
for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised 
Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
(d) Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) pursuant to these Conditions may be validly given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream or any other clearing system through which the Notes are 
for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication of a notice required by 
Conditions 14 (a), (b) and (c) above; except that (i) as long as such Notes are admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, notices shall be published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in 
France (which is expected to be Les Echos) and (ii) as long as the Notes are admitted to trading on 
any Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, notices 
shall be published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in the city where the Regulated

--- Page 97 ---
97 
WS0101.34619409.1 
Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located. 
(e) For the avoidance of doubt, Conditions 14 (Notices) shall not apply to notices to be given pursuant 
to Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders). 
15 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) Governing Law: The Notes (and, where applicable, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons) are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
may be brought before any competent court of the jurisdiction of the Paris Court of Appeal, subject 
with respect to the Notes to any applicable mandatory rules pertaining to the territorial jurisdiction 
of French courts.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
WS0101.34619409.1 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF 
MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the "Common Depositary"), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit 
the accounts of each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which 
it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear 
and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially 
deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with 
Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the 
holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in 
compliance with the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, 
see "General Description of the Programme - Selling Restrictions"), in whole, but not in part, for 
the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification if required under U.S. Treasury regulation 
section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(3) (or any successor regulation under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the "Code") section 4701(b) of the Code containing rules similar to those 
that currently apply under section 163(f)(2)(B) of the Code) as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
(a form of which shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. 
While any Materialised Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Global Certificate, any payment payable 
in respect of such Materialised Bearer Note prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made only 
to the extent that the certification described in (ii) above has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certification 
received) to the relevant Paying Agent. The holder of a Temporary Global Certificate will not be entitled to 
collect any payment due thereon on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification as described 
above, exchange of the Temporary Global Certificate for an interest in Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
is improperly refused or withheld. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, 
the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes means, in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for 
which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all 
Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not already been paid on the 
Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will be security printed in 
accordance with any applicable legal and Regulated Market requirements. Forms of such Definitive Bearer 
Materialised Notes shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agent(s).

--- Page 99 ---
99 
WS0101.34619409.1 
Exchange Date 
Exchange Date means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day falling after the expiry of forty 
(40) calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued 
prior to such day pursuant to Condition 13(a), the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate shall 
be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after the issue of such further 
Materialised Notes.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
WS0101.34619409.1 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) be used either for: 
(a) 
the Issuer's general corporate purposes; or 
(b) 
in the case of issue of green, social or sustainability Notes the financing or refinancing, in part or in 
full, of (i) eligible green projects, as further described, in the Vinci Green Bond Framework available 
on the website of the Issuer in English: https://www.vinci.com/publi/finance/2020/vinci_green-bond-
framework-october-2020.pdf), (ii) eligible social projects, or (iii) eligible sustainability projects (being 
a combination of both eligible green and eligible social projects). 
In respect of green, social or sustainability Notes, the relevant Final Terms will specify in more detail the 
above-mentioned projects and any other relevant information such as whether or not any third party opinions 
and/or reviews will be made available in connection therewith and where and/or from whom opinions, reviews 
and other relevant information may be obtained and/or accessed.  
In relation to social and/or sustainability Notes, the Issuer will make available the relevant framework on its 
website on or before the issue of such social and sustainability Notes. Such framework will further describe 
the above-mentioned projects. 
The Issuer intends to fully comply with the Green Bond Principles, the Social Bond Principles and the 
Sustainability Bond Guidelines, each published by the International Capital Market Association in its 2018 
edition and which have been updated in 2021 and their four core components which are (i) the description of 
the use of proceeds of the bonds, (ii) the disclosure of its process for project evaluation and selection, (iii) the 
management of the proceeds of the bonds and (iv) a regular reporting on such use of proceeds.  
In addition, in relation to green Notes, the Issuer has appointed an external review provider, Vigeo Eiris, which 
has provided a second-party opinion, which is available on the website of the Issuer (in English: 
https://www.vinci.com/publi/finance/2020/second-party-opinion-by-vigeo-eiris.pdf). The Issuer may obtain 
additional or new second-party opinions and/or certificates during the life of the Programme, in which case it 
will update such information on its website. 
If, in respect of any particular issue of Notes, there is any other particular identified use of proceeds, this will 
be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
WS0101.34619409.1 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Press release published on 11 February 2022: Publication by London Gatwick Airport 
 
London Gatwick Airport, a 50.01%-owned subsidiary of VINCI Airports, is today publishing its 
quarterly information package at 31 December 2021. 
 
It includes the latest data on traffic and information on financial covenants associated with Gatwick 
Funding Limited. 
 
Furthermore, London Gatwick Airport also announced that operations from South Terminal will 
resume from 27 March 2022. This terminal was closed since almost two years given the exceptional 
circumstances which affected air travel. 
 
The 
published 
information 
is 
available 
at 
the 
following 
links: 
https://www.gatwickairport.com/business-community/about-gatwick/investor-relations/other-
financial-documents/ 
https://www.mediacentre.gatwickairport.com/press-
releases/all/22_02_11_south_terminal_reopening.aspx 
 
 
Press release published on 9 March 2022: Publication by London Gatwick Airport 
 
London Gatwick Airport, a 50.01% subsidiary of VINCI Airports, today released its full year 2021 
results, including the compliance certificate as of 31 December 2021 (which sets out the level of the 
financial covenants associated with the financial structure of Gatwick Funding Limited). 
 
The documents released can be found on the following links: 
https://www.gatwickairport.com/business-community/about-gatwick/investor-relations/financial-
results/  
https://www.gatwickairport.com/globalassets/company/investor/2021/ivy-holdco-limited-
compliance-certificate.pdf

--- Page 102 ---
102 
WS0101.34619409.1 
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY 
For so long as Notes issued under the Programme are outstanding, the following documents will be available, 
during usual business hours on any weekday (except Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays), for inspection 
at the registered office of the Issuer during normal business hours: 
(i) 
the 
statuts 
(Company’s 
Articles 
of 
Association) 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.vinci.com/vinci/decisions_conseil.nsf/2C38F5EF12CC7E64C1258852004E0
BA1/$File/vinci-statuts-du-20-mai-2022.pdf);  
(ii)  
the 2020 Universal Registration Document, the 2021 Universal Registration Document and 
the 2022 Q1 Press Release; 
(iii) 
each Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other 
Regulated Market (also available for viewing on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) and (b) the Issuer (www.vinci.com)); 
(iv) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
further Base Prospectus (also available on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) 
and (b) the Issuer (www.vinci.com)); and 
(v) 
all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and 
statements prepared by any expert at the relevant Issuer’s request any part of which is 
included or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
For so long as Notes issued under the Programme are outstanding, copies of the 2020 Universal Registration 
Document, the 2021 Universal Registration Document and the 2022 Q1 Press Release (in English and French) 
may be obtained at the at the registered office of the Issuer during normal business hours on any weekday 
(except Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays).

--- Page 103 ---
103 
WS0101.34619409.1 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Overview of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 12 
July 2022 (the "Dealer Agreement") between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers (being all Dealers other than 
those appointed as such solely in respect of one or more specified Tranches), and the Arranger, the Notes will 
be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the 
right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be 
resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the 
relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. 
The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally 
underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection with the 
Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change 
in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any Notes, or possession 
or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base 
Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall 
have responsibility therefor. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the 
purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to

--- Page 104 ---
104 
WS0101.34619409.1 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption 
from, or in certain transactions not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Notes 
are being offered and sold outside the United States in off-shore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance 
on Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Materialised Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements 
and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States 
person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Materialised Bearer 
Notes, deliver, Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise 
until forty (40) calendar days after the completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and 
certified to the Issuer, by the Fiscal Agent, or in the case of Notes issued on a syndicated basis, the lead 
manager, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to 
each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S. 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche 
of Notes, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering of such Tranche of Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, 
in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the 
United States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United 
States, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents 
to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, is prohibited. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes 
of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
WS0101.34619409.1 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year, (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of section 21 of the FSMA received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme, will be required to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold, and will only offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, Notes in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as referred to in Article 
L.411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier and defined in Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended, and it has only distributed or 
caused to be distributed, and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France to such qualified investors, 
this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Republic of Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that any offer, 
sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating 
to the Notes in the Republic of Italy will be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange 
control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (in each 
case as amended from time to time) and any other applicable laws and regulations; and 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, , 
pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities in 
the Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 
2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016 and 2 November 2020); and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements imposed by CONSOB 
or other Italian authority.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
WS0101.34619409.1 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Final Terms dated [•] 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
 
VINCI 
 
 
Euro 12,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes 
 
SERIES NO: [●] 
TRANCHE NO: [●] 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche and brief description of Notes] 
Issued by: VINCI (the Issuer) 
 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on 5 February 2018, has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU as amended ("MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]1 Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]2 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our 
approach to EU non-legislative materials"), in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]3 Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
                                                        
1 
ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages 
vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording 
along the following lines could be included: “The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, 
characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of 
the amounts invested]. 
2  Legend to be included following completion of the target assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018. 
3  ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages 
vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording 
along the following lines could be included: “The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, 
characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of 
the amounts invested].

--- Page 107 ---
107 
WS0101.34619409.1 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]4 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as 
amended ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 12 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] to the Base 
Prospectus dated [•]]5 which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the prospectus 
regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129), as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer 
and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus as so supplemented. The Base Prospectus, the Final Terms [and the supplement to the Base 
Prospectus]3 are available for viewing at the registered office of the Issuer during normal business hours and 
on the websites of (a) the Autorité des marchés financiers (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer 
(www.vinci.com) and copies may be obtained free of charge from VINCI, 1973, boulevard de la Défense, 
92000 Nanterre, France. [In addition6, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus]5 [is] 
[are]5 available for viewing [at/on] [•]]. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.  
                                                        
4  Legend to be included only (i) if the managers in relation to the Notes are subject to UK MiFIR (depending on the location of the 
manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance 
legend or where both are included) and (ii) following completion by the manufacturers of the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes, on the basis of the relevant applicable provisions of English law. 
5 
Delete if no supplement is published. 
6 
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than Euronext Paris.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
WS0101.34619409.1 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the [2016 Base Prospectus] /[2018 Base Prospectus] / [2020 Base Prospectus]  (as 
defined in section "Documents incorporated by reference") incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
(as defined below). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of the prospectus regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129), as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 12 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] to the Base 
Prospectus dated [•]]5, which [together]* constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are 
available for viewing at the registered office of the Issuer during normal business hours and on the websites 
of (a) the Autorité des marchés financiers (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer (www.vinci.com) and 
copies may be obtained free of charge from VINCI, 1973, boulevard de la Défense, 92000 Nanterre, France. 
[In addition7, the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing [at/on] [•]].]8 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[•] 
[(iii) Date on which the Notes will 
be assimilated (assimilables) 
and form a single Series: 
 
 
The Notes will be assimilated (assimilables) and form a 
single Series (identify earlier Tranches) on [the Issue 
Date/exchange] of the Temporary Global Certificate for 
interests in the Definitive Materialised Notes, as referred 
in paragraph 33(iii) below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [•] (the "Exchange Date").] 
2. 
Specified Currency or 
Currencies: 
 
[•] (In case of Dual Currency Notes, specify the currency 
in which the Notes are denominated and the currency in 
which interest is payable) 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes admitted to trading: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
4. 
 Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [•] (in the case of Notes to be 
assimilated with a previous Tranche) 
5. 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[•]9 (one denomination only for Dematerialised Notes) 
(Not less than €100,000 or its equivalent in any other 
currency at the Issue Date) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
(ii)  Interest Commencement 
Date: 
 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
                                                        
7  If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than Euronext Paris. 
8   The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a Base Prospectus 
with an earlier date. 
 5 
Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA and having a maturity of less than one 
year must have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 109 ---
109 
WS0101.34619409.1 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] (specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year) 
8. 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] (further particulars specified in 
paragraph 16 below) 
[[EURIBOR, CDOR, CMS Rate, €STR, SONIA, SOFR, 
SARON, TONA or any reference rate that might replace 
them] +/– [•] per cent. Floating Rate] / [[•] per cent – 
[EURIBOR, CDOR, CMS Rate, €STR, SONIA, SOFR, 
SARON, TONA or any reference rate that might replace 
them] +/– [•] per cent.] (further particulars specified in 
paragraph 16 below) 
[Inverse Floating Rate] (further particulars specified in 
paragraph 17 below)  
[Formula Rates] (further particulars specified in 
paragraph 18 below) 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] (further particulars specified in 
paragraph 19 below) 
[Zero Coupon] (further particulars specified in paragraph 
20 below) 
[[CPI/HICP/RPI] Inflation Linked Interest] (further 
particulars specified in paragraph 21 below) 
10. Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100]/[•] per cent. of their nominal amount] 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 30 below) 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] (further particulars 
specified in paragraph 30 below) 
[Instalment] (further particulars specified in paragraph 31 
below) 
11. Change of Interest Basis:  
(Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or cross refer paragraph 19 below if details are 
included there)/ [Not Applicable] 
12. Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] (further particulars specified in paragraph 
28 below) 
[Call Option] (further particulars specified in paragraph 
23 below) 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] (further particulars 
specified in paragraph 24 below)  
[Acquisition Event Call Option] (further particulars 
specified in paragraph 25 below) 
[Squeeze Out Option] (further particulars specified in 
paragraph 27 below) 
 
13. Make-whole Redemption: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 26 below) 
14. (i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Subordinated/Unsubordinated Notes] (specify details for 
any provisions of Subordinated Notes notably whether 
dated or undated, if Condition 3(b)(i) applies to the 
Coupons, and if deferral interest provisions apply) 
(ii) Dates 
of 
the 
corporate 
authorisations for issuance of 
the Notes: 
 
 
Authorisation of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated

--- Page 110 ---
110 
WS0101.34619409.1 
3 February 2022 and decision of the [Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer] / [Chief Financial Officer] dated [•].  
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year (where applicable (adjusted pursuant to 
the (specify applicable Business Day Convention)) 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per [•] in Nominal Amount 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Specified Denomination payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in / on] [•]]/ [Not Applicable] 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA/ Actual/Actual-
ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 
/ Bond Basis / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-ISDA]  
(vi) Determination Dates: 
[[•] in each year]/[Not Applicable] (N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual ([ICMA]). In 
such a case, insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon.) 
16. Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[•][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (v) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (v) below 
is specified to be Not Applicable]] 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
 
[•] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day Convention 
in (v) below is specified to be Not Applicable]] 
 
(iii) Effective Date  
[•] 
(iv) First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
(v) Interest Period Date: 
[•] (Not applicable unless different from Interest Payment 
Date) 
(vi) Specified Duration 
[•] 
(vii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(Insert "unadjusted" if the application of the relevant 
business day convention is not intended to affect the 
Interest Amount) 
(viii) Business Centre(s): 
[•] 
(x) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
 
[•] (give name and address)

--- Page 111 ---
111 
WS0101.34619409.1 
(xi) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[•] (specify reference rate (EURIBOR, CDOR, CMS Rate, 
€STR, SONIA, SOFR, SARON, TONA) and months (e.g. 
EURIBOR 3 months) or any reference rate that might 
replace them) 
– Relevant Time: 
[•] 
– Interest Determination 
Date(s):  
 
[[●]/[[TARGET] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency]/[U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(s) 
(if 
SOFR)]/[London 
Banking 
Day(s) 
(if 
SONIA)]/[[Tokyo Banking Day(s) (if TONA)]/[Zurich 
Banking Day(s) (if SARON)]/[TARGET 2 Business Day(s) 
(if €STR)] prior to [the first day in each Interest Accrual 
Period/each Interest Payment Date]]  
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR).   
– Representative Amount: 
[•] 
– Primary Source: 
[•] (Specify "Relevant Screen Page" or "Reference Banks") 
(In the case of SOFR or €STR, delete this paragraph) 
– Relevant Screen Page (if 
Primary 
Source 
is 
a 
Relevant Screen Page): 
 
 
[•] (in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend 
the fallback provisions appropriately)/[Not Applicable] 
–  Reference Banks (if 
Primary Source is 
Reference Banks): 
 
 
(Specify four)/[Not Applicable] 
–  Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
–  [SONIA Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
 
[SONIA Lookback Compound / SONIA Shift Compound 
/ SONIA Compound]] (Only applicable in the case of 
SONIA) 
–  [SOFR Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout Compound / 
SOFR Lookback Compound / SOFR Shift Compound / 
SOFR Index Average]] (Only applicable in the case of 
SOFR) 
–  [SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date 
in relation to the relevant Interest Period.] 
–  [Observation Shift Days: 
[•]] (Only applicable in the case of SONIA, SOFR or 
SARON) 
–  [Observation Look-Back 
Period: 
 
[[●] TARGET 2 Business Days/London Banking 
Days/U.S. Government Securities Business Days/Tokyo 
Banking Days ] [Not Applicable]] (Only applicable in the 
case of €STR, SONIA, SOFR or TONA) 
–  [SOFR IndexStart: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] (Only applicable in the case of SOFR 
Index Average) 
–  [SOFR IndexEnd: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] (Only applicable in the case of SOFR 
Index Average)

--- Page 112 ---
112 
WS0101.34619409.1 
–  Linear Interpolation:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If applicable and the Rate of 
Interest is determined by linear interpolation in respect of 
an interest accrual period (as per Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)), 
insert the relevant interest accrual period(s) and the 
relevant two rates used for such determination) 
(xiv) Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
(xv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[specify a positive interest rate] per cent. per 
annum/Zero (0) per cent. per annum as per 
Condition 5(i)]  
 
(xvi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[[•] per cent. per annum] 
(xvii)Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA/ Actual/Actual-
ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 
/ Bond Basis / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-ISDA] 
 
(xviii) Rate Multiplier: 
[•] 
(xix) Exponent 
[•] 
17. 
Inverse Floating Rate Note 
Provisions:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Fixed Rate:  
[•] 
(ii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
(iii) Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
(iv) First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
(v) 
Interest Period Date: 
[•] (Not applicable unless different from Interest Payment 
Date) 
(vi) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(Insert "unadjusted" if the application of the relevant 
business day convention is not intended to affect the 
Interest Amount) 
(vii) Business Centre(s): 
[•] 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
 
[•] (give name and address) 
(ix) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
– 
Reference Rate:  
– 
Applicable formula to be used 
for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[•] 
 
 
 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(A) shall apply 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[•]

--- Page 113 ---
113 
WS0101.34619409.1 
– 
Interest Determination Date(s):  
[[●]/[[TARGET] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency]/[U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(s) 
(if 
SOFR)]/[London 
Banking 
Day(s) 
(if 
SONIA)]/[[Tokyo Banking Day(s) (if TONA)]/[Zurich 
Banking Day(s) (if SARON)]/[TARGET 2 Business Day(s) 
(if €STR)] prior to [the first day in each Interest Accrual 
Period/each Interest Payment Date]]  
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR).  
– 
Representative Amount: 
[•] 
– 
Primary Source: 
[•] (Specify "Relevant Screen Page" or "Reference Banks") 
(In the case of SOFR or €STR, delete this paragraph) 
– 
Relevant Screen Page (if 
Primary Source is a Relevant 
Screen Page): 
 
 
[•] (in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01, 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend 
the fallback provisions appropriately)/[Not Applicable] 
– 
Reference Banks (if Primary 
Source is Reference Banks): 
 
(Specify four)/[Not Applicable] 
– 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
–  
[SONIA Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
 
[SONIA Lookback Compound / SONIA Shift Compound 
/ SONIA Compound]] (Only applicable in the case of 
SONIA) 
–  
[SOFR Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout Compound / 
SOFR Lookback Compound / SOFR Shift Compound / 
SOFR Index Average]] (Only applicable in the case of 
SOFR) 
–  
[SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date 
in relation to the relevant Interest Period.] 
–  
[Observation Shift Days: 
[•]] (Only applicable in the case of SONIA, SOFR or 
SARON) 
–  
[Observation Look-Back 
Period: 
 
[[●] TARGET 2 Business Days/London Banking 
Days/U.S. Government Securities Business Days/Tokyo 
Banking Days ] [Not Applicable]] (Only applicable in the 
case of €STR, SONIA, SOFR or TONA) 
–  
[SOFR IndexStart: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] (Only applicable in the case of SOFR 
Index Average) 
–  
[SOFR IndexEnd: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] (Only applicable in the case of SOFR 
Index Average) 
–  
Linear Interpolation:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If applicable and the Rate of 
Interest is determined by linear interpolation in respect of 
an interest accrual period (as per Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)), 
insert the relevant interest accrual period(s) and the 
relevant two rates used for such determination)

--- Page 114 ---
114 
WS0101.34619409.1 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[specify a positive interest rate] per cent. per 
annum/Zero (0) per cent. per annum as per 
Condition 5(i)]  
 
(xi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[[•] per cent. per annum] 
(xii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA/ Actual/Actual-
ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 
/ Bond Basis / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis/ 30E/360-ISDA]  
 
18. Formula Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Floating Rate 1:  
Determined in accordance with Condition 5(c), as though 
the Note was a Floating Rate Note 
(ii) Floating Rate 2:  
Determined in accordance with Condition 5(c), as though 
the Note was a Floating Rate Note 
(iii) Formula Rate:  
 
[[Floating Rate 1] + [Floating Rate 2]] 
[[Floating Rate 1] - [Floating Rate 2]] 
[[Floating Rate 1] X [Floating Rate 2]] 
[[Floating Rate 1] / [Floating Rate 2]] 
 
19. 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate 
Notes 
Provisions: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Issuer 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis: 
(ii) Conversion Option: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iii) Automatic Change of Interest 
Basis: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iv)  Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Interest Periods preceding 
the 
Switch 
Date 
or 
the 
Automatic Switch Date, as 
applicable (excluded): 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as though 
the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/ [Condition 5(c), as 
though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] with further 
variables set out in item [●] of these Final Terms 
(v)  Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Interest Periods following 
the 
Switch 
Date 
or 
the 
Automatic Switch Date, as 
applicable (included): 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as though 
the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/ [Condition 5(c), as 
though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] with further 
variables set out in item [●] of these Final Terms 
(vi)  Switch Date: 
[●] 
(vii)  Automatic Switch Date: 
[●]

--- Page 115 ---
115 
WS0101.34619409.1 
(viii) Minimum 
notice 
period 
required for notice from the 
Issuer/ Noteholder(s): 
 
 
[[●] Business Days prior to the [Switch Date] / [Automatic 
Switch Date] [Not Applicable]] 
20. Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
21. Inflation Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph; or (a) is applicable and in relation to 
CPI/HICP, delete (B) below; or (b) if applicable and in 
relation to RPI, delete (A) below) 
[(A) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
(ii) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
 
 
[•](give name and address) 
 
(iii) Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
(iv) Interest 
Payment Dates: 
 
[•] 
(v) Interest Determination Date: 
[•] 
(vi) Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable 
on (specify date) (amounting to: [•]) 
(vii) Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation Index 
Ratio 
(viii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA/ Actual/Actual-
ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 
/ Bond Basis / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-ISDA]  
(ix) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(x) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Zero (0) per cent. per annum.]/[[•] per cent. per annum] 
(xi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[[•] per cent. per annum]] 
 
 
[(B) 
 
(i) Index: 
RPI 
(ii) Rate of Interest: 
[[•] per cent. per annum multiplied by the [Inflation Index 
Ratio]/[Limited Index Ratio]] 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
[[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•]

--- Page 116 ---
116 
WS0101.34619409.1 
Provisions for determining Coupon 
where calculation by reference to 
Index is impossible or otherwise 
disrupted: 
 
 
 
Conditions [5(c)(v) (C)(d)] apply 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
Business Day Convention(s): 
[[Following / Modified Following / Preceding / Floating 
Rate / Eurodollar][Business Day] Convention]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Business Centre(s): 
[•]  
Minimum Indexation Factor: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
Maximum Indexation Factor: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
Limited 
Indexation 
Month(s) 
or 
Period for calculation of Limited 
Indexation Factor: 
 
 
[•] per cent. per annum 
Base Index Figure: 
[•] 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)/include any other 
option from the Conditions] 
"Index" or "Index Figure": 
Sub-paragraph [(i)/(ii)/(iii)] of the definition of "Index" or 
"Index Figure" as set out in Condition 5(c)(v)(C) shall 
apply 
Reference Gilt: 
[•] 
Indexation Advisor: 
[•]] 
22. Dual Currency Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, details in paragraphs 16, 17 or 18 shall also 
be specified depending on the applicable interest basis. If 
not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate of Exchange: 
[•] 
(ii) Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the interest due (if 
not the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
[•](give name and address) 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
23. Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
(ii) Components of the formula of 
the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note10: 
 
 
[Optional Redemption Amount: [•] 
Y = [•] per cent.] /[Not Applicable] 
(iii) Inflation 
Linked 
Notes 
- 
Provisions relating 
to 
the 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
–  
Index: 
[CPI/HICP/RPI] 
                                                        
10 Applicable for Notes other than Inflation Linked Notes.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
WS0101.34619409.1 
–  
Optional Redemption 
Amount in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
 
 
[Condition 6(f)(ii)(A) applies] 
–  
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP/RPI] 
Daily 
Inflation 
Reference 
Index 
applicable on (specify date) (amounting to: [•]) 
–  
Inflation Index Ratio: 
[•] 
–  
Party responsible for 
calculating the Optional 
Redemption Amount (if 
not the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
[•] (give name and address) 
(iv) If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[•]  
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[•] 
24. Residual Maturity Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Residual Maturity Call 
Option Date:  
 
[•] 
(ii) Notice period11: 
[•] 
25.  Acquisition Event Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) Acquisition Target:  
[•]  
(ii) Acquisition Completion Date: 
[•] 
(iii) Acquisition Event Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[•] 
26. Make-whole Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Make-whole Redemption 
Margin: 
 
[•] 
(ii) Make-whole Redemption 
Rate: 
 
[Reference Dealer Quotation/Reference Screen Rate]  
(iii) Reference Screen Rate: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]  
(iv) Reference Security: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]  
(v) Reference Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/As set out in the Conditions]  
(vi) Party responsible for 
calculating the Make-whole 
Redemption Amount (if not 
the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
[•] (give name and address) 
 
 
(vii) If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[•]  
                                                        
11 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
WS0101.34619409.1 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[•] 
27. Squeeze Out Option:  
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
[Squeeze Out Amount: 
[•]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes (The 
Squeeze Out Amount shall not be lower than seventy-five 
(75) per cent., as specified in Condition 6(l))] 
28. Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
(ii) Components of the formula of 
the 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each12: 
 
 
[Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
Y = [•] per cent.] /[Not Applicable] 
(iii) Inflation 
Linked 
Notes 
- 
Provisions relating 
to 
the 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
 
 
 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
–  
Index: 
[CPI/HICP/RPI] 
–  
Optional Redemption Amount 
in respect of Inflation Linked 
Notes: 
 
 
[Condition 6(f)(ii)(A) applies] 
–  
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP/RPI] 
Daily 
Inflation 
Reference 
Index 
applicable on (specify date) (amounting to: [•]) 
–  
Inflation Index Ratio: 
[•] 
–  
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Optional 
Redemption Amount (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
[•] (give name and address) 
29. Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note13: 
 
[[•] per Note [of [•] specified denomination]14  
30. Inflation Linked Notes - 
Provisions relating to the Final 
Redemption Amount: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP/RPI] 
(ii)  Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of Inflation Linked 
Notes: 
 
 
[Condition 6(c) applies] 
(iii) Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP/RPI] 
Daily 
Inflation 
Reference 
Index 
applicable on (specify date) (amounting to: [•]) 
(iv) Inflation Index Ratio: 
[•] 
(v) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Final 
 
 
                                                        
12  Applicable for Notes other than Inflation Linked Notes. 
13  Applicable for Notes other than Inflation Linked Notes. 
14  Delete bracketed text in the case of Dematerialised Notes.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
WS0101.34619409.1 
Redemption Amount (if not 
the Calculation Agent): 
 
[•] (give name and address) 
 
31. Redemption by Instalments: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[•] 
(ii) Minimum Instalment Amount: 
[•] 
(iii) Maximum Instalment Amount: 
[•] 
(iv) Instalment Date(s): 
[•] 
(v) Extended Instalment Date(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
32. Early Redemption Amount: 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note payable on 
redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons (Condition 6(g)), for 
illegality (Condition 6(j)) or on 
event of default (Condition 9):  
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Condition 6(f)(i) or 6(f)(iii)(A) applies] 
(ii) Redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons on days other than 
Interest Payment Dates: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
(iii) Inflation 
Linked 
Notes 
- 
Provisions relating to the Early 
Redemption Amount(s): 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
–  
Index: 
[CPI/HICP/RPI] 
–  
Early Redemption Amount in 
respect of Inflation Linked 
Notes: 
 
 
[Condition 6(f)(ii)(A) applies] 
–  
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP/RPI] 
Daily 
Inflation 
Reference 
Index 
applicable on (specify date) (amounting to: [•]) 
–  
Inflation Index Ratio: 
[•] 
–  
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Early 
Redemption Amount (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
[•] (give name and address) 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
33. Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] (Materialised 
Notes are only in bearer form) (Delete as appropriate) 
(i) 
Form 
of 
Dematerialised 
Notes: 
 
[Not 
Applicable/Bearer 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
porteur)[/Registered dematerialised form (au nominatif)]]  
(ii) Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable give name and details (Note 
that a Registration Agent must be appointed in relation to 
Registered Notes only.)] 
(iii) Temporary Global 
Certificate: 
 
[Not 
Applicable 
Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
on the Exchange Date, being forty (40) calendar days

--- Page 120 ---
120 
WS0101.34619409.1 
after the Issue Date subject to postponement as provided 
in the Temporary Global Certificate] 
 
34. Possibility 
to 
request 
identification information of the 
Noteholders 
as 
provided 
by 
Condition 1(a)(i): 
 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] 
35. Financial 
Centre(s) 
or 
other 
special 
provisions 
relating 
to 
Payment Dates: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/ Specify any other applicable Financial 
Centre]. (Note that this paragraph relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not interest period end dates, to 
items which 18(vi) relates)]. 
36. Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts 
to 
be 
attached 
to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
 
 
 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] (Only 
applicable to the Materialised Notes). 
37. Redenomination, renominalisation 
and reconventioning provisions: 
 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 1(d)] apply] 
38. Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 13(b)] 
apply] 
39. Masse: 
[Name and address of the Representative: [•]] 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: [•]] 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration/The 
Representative will receive a remuneration of [•]]. 
 
GENERAL 
 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
issued has been translated into Euro at the 
rate of [•] producing a sum of (only for 
Notes which are not denominated in 
Euros): 
 
 
 
[•] 
 
[PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on the [specify relevant 
regulated market] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the Euro 12,000,000,000 Medium Term Note 
Programme of VINCI.] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION  
[(Relevant third party information)] has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]  
 
Signed on behalf of VINCI: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 121 ---
121 
WS0101.34619409.1 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [specify relevant 
regulated market] with effect from [•].][Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on [specify relevant 
regulated market]] with effect from [•].] [Not Applicable] 
 
[The [first / (specify)] Tranche(s) of the Notes are already 
listed as from [its/their respective] Issue Date.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) Other 
markets 
or 
equivalent 
markets 
on 
which, 
to 
the 
knowledge of the Issuer, securities 
of the same class of the Notes to be 
admitted to trading are already 
admitted to trading: 
 
 
 
 
 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
2. RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated: 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited : [•]] 
[Moody's Investors Service España, S.A.: [•]] 
[[Other]: [•]] 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the European 
Union, is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), and is included in 
the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation published on the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority’s 
website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs).] 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is [not] established in the 
European Union [nor has/and has not] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation")[.][, but is endorsed 
by [insert credit rating agency] which is established in the 
European Union, registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
and is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered 
in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation published on the 
European Securities and Markets Authority’s website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/Listregistered-and-
certified-CRAs).]]. 
 
[The rating [insert credit rating agency] has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by a credit rating agency which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU)

--- Page 122 ---
122 
WS0101.34619409.1 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.) 
 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the rating, 
e.g.: According to Moodys' rating system, obligations rated 
"A" are judged to be upper-medium grade with low credit 
risk. Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to 
each generic rating classification from "Aa" through "Caa". 
The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the 
higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 
indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates 
a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. 
According to S&P's rating system, an obligation rated "A" is 
somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes 
in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations 
in higher-rated categories. However, the obligor's capacity 
to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is still 
strong. The addition of pluses and minuses provides further 
distinctions within the ratings range.] 
3. [INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER]] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement 
below: 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers] in connection with the Issue of the Notes, so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business.]  
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]

--- Page 123 ---
123 
WS0101.34619409.1 
4. REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i) Reasons for the offer: 
 
[General 
corporate 
purposes]/[The 
Notes 
constitute 
[green/social/sustainability] Notes and the net proceeds of 
the issue of the Notes will be applied by the Issuer to finance 
or refinance its investments in one or more of the eligible  
projects described below]/(Other specify) 
 
[•] (if applicable, describe eligible (i) green projects (ii) 
social projects, or (iii) sustainability projects (being a 
combination of both eligible green and eligible social 
projects) and/or availability of any relevant framework third 
party opinions and/or where information can be obtained, 
etc…) 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
[(iii)] Estimated total expenses: 
[•] 
5. [YIELD – FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
6. [HISTORIC INTEREST RATES - FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY 
 
(i) Historic interest rates: 
Details of historic [EURIBOR, CDOR, CMS Rate, €STR, 
SONIA, SOFR, SARON, TONA] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters/other].] 
(ii) Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [•] which is provided by [•]. As at [•], [•] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended 
(the "Benchmarks Regulation")]/[the Financial Conduct 
Authority in the United Kingdom pursuant to Article 36 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK BMR")]. [As far as 
the Issuer is aware, [[•] is not required to be registered by 
virtue of Article 2 of the [Benchmarks Regulation]/[UK 
BMR]]/[the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
[Benchmarks Regulation]/[UK BMR] apply, such that [•] is 
not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration 
(or, if located outside the [European Union]/[United 
Kingdom], 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 124 ---
124 
WS0101.34619409.1 
7. [PERFORMANCE OF INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION - INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
ONLY 
(i) Name of the index 
[CPI]/[HICP]/[RPI] 
(ii) Information about the index, its 
volatility and where past and future 
performance can be obtained: 
 
 
[•] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information (specify what information will be reported and 
where it can be obtained)] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
Common Code: 
[•] 
FISN: 
[•] / [See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN] / [Not Applicable] / [Not Available] (If 
the FISN is not required or requested, it/they should be 
specified to be "Not Applicable".) 
CFI Code: 
[•] / [See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN] / [Not Applicable] / [Not Available] (If 
the CFI is not required or requested, it/they should be 
specified to be "Not Applicable".) 
Depositaries: 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as 
Central Depositary: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
(ii) 
Common 
Depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
Bank 
and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A.: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
(affiliated with Euroclear France under number 29106) 
9 rue du Debarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
[•] 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[•]

--- Page 125 ---
125 
WS0101.34619409.1 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated:  
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
 
(B) [Date of Subscription 
Agreement]: 
 
(C) Stabilisation Managers(s) 
(if any): 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
[•] 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iv) 
US Selling Restrictions: 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S 
under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
[TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ TEFRA Not Applicable] 
 
10. PLACING AND UNDERWRITING - DERIVATIVES ONLY 
Name and address of the coordinator(s) 
of the global offer and of single parts of 
the offer and, to the extend known to the 
issuer or to the offeror, of the placers in 
the various countries where the offer 
takes place: 
 
 
 
 
 
[•] 
Entities agreeing to underwrite the issue 
on a firm commitment basis, and entities 
agreeing to place the issue without a 
firm commitment or under 'best efforts' 
arrangements. Where not all of the issue 
is underwritten, a statement of the 
portion not covered: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[•]

--- Page 126 ---
126 
WS0101.34619409.1 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
AMF approbation and admission to trading of the Notes  
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent 
authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or 
of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 12 July 2023. The obligation to supplement the Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does 
not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on 
Euronext Paris and/or on any other Regulated Market. 
(2) 
Corporate authorisations 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in France in 
connection with the update of the Programme. Any issuance of Notes under the Programme, to 
the extent that such Notes constitute obligations under French law, require the prior authorisation 
of the Board of Directors (Conseil d'Administration) of the Issuer in accordance with Article L. 
228-40 of the French Code de commerce. For this purpose the Board of Directors (Conseil 
d'Administration) of the Issuer has delegated by a resolution passed on 3 February 2022 to its 
Président-Directeur Général Xavier Huillard, and its Directeur Général adjoint and Directeur 
Financier, Christian Labeyrie, all powers to issue obligations and to determine their terms and 
conditions, up to a maximum aggregate amount of €6,000,000,000 within a period of one (1) year 
as from the date of such resolution.  
(3) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Vinci is 213800WFQ334R8UXUG83. 
(4) 
Clearing of Notes 
Notes may be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems which are 
entities in charge of keeping the records or any other relevant clearing system. The Common 
Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or the identification number 
for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the address 
of Clearstream is 42 avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of 
Luxembourg. 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central 
depositary). Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed 
either with the Issuer or with the registration agent. 
 
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France.  
The address of any alternative clearing system will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(5) 
Auditors 
Deloitte & Associés, 6, place de la Pyramide, 92908 Paris-la-Défense Cedex, France, and KPMG 
AUDIT IS, Tour Eqho -2 avenue Gambetta, 92066 Paris-La-Défense Cedex, France have been 
appointed as statutory auditors of the Issuer by the shareholders' meeting of the Issuer on 16 April 
2013.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
WS0101.34619409.1 
As of the 17 April 2019, KPMG AUDIT IS has been superseded by PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Audit, 63, rue de Villiers, 92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex as statutory auditor of the Issuer by the 
shareholders' meeting of the Issuer on 17 April 2019. 
 
Deloitte & Associés and PricewaterhouseCoopers have audited the Issuer's financial statements 
for the year ended December 31, 2019 and for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
Deloitte & Associés, KPMG AUDIT IS and PricewaterhouseCoopers are registered as 
Commissaires aux Comptes (members of the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux 
Comptes) and subject to the authority of the Haut Conseil du commissariat aux comptes. 
(6) 
Trend Information 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, including the information incorporated by reference 
therein, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 
31 December 2021. 
 
(7) 
No Significant Change in the Financial Position or Financial Performance of the Issuer or 
the Group 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, including the information incorporated by reference 
therein , there has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of 
the Issuer or the Group since 31 March 2022. 
(8) 
Material Contracts 
 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference 
therein), the Issuer did not conclude any material contract not entered into in the ordinary course 
of its business, which could result in any group member being under an obligation or entitlement 
that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes 
being issued. 
(9) 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference 
therein), there has been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the twelve (12) 
months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or has had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the Issuer and/or the Group’s financial position or profitability. 
(10) 
Conflicts of Interests 
 
To the best of the Issuer's knowledge, there are no conflicts of interests between the duties of the 
members of the Board of Directors (Conseil d'Administration) and of the management of the 
Issuer and their private interests or their other duties. 
(11) 
Stabilisation 
 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in "General Description of the 
Programme"), the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the 
"Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilisation Manager) may not 
undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if 
begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) calendar 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted 
by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
WS0101.34619409.1 
(12) 
Representations 
 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the 
Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (each as defined in "General 
Description of the Programme"). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made 
in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been 
no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse 
change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
 
Certain information contained in this Base Prospectus and/or documents incorporated herein by 
reference has been extracted from sources specified in the sections where such information 
appears. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so 
far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by the above sources, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the information reproduced inaccurate or misleading. 
The Issuer has also identified the source(s) of such information. 
 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes 
are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe 
any such restriction. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may include Materialised Notes 
in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes 
may not be offered, sold or, in the case of Materialised Notes in bearer form, delivered, within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under 
the Securities Act ("Regulation S") or, in the case of Materialised Notes in bearer form, the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "U.S Internal Revenue Code and the 
regulations" thereunder). The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States in 
offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
(13) 
Benchmarks  
 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more 
"benchmarks" for the purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation or the Benchmarks Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK BMR"). In this case, the relevant Final Terms in respect of an 
issue of Floating Rate Notes will specify the relevant benchmark, the relevant administrator and 
whether such administrator appears on register of administrators established and maintained by 
ESMA or in the FCA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the UK BMR, as the case 
may be.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
WS0101.34619409.1 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN 
IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer hereby declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission 
likely to affect its import. 
 
 
VINCI 
1973, boulevard de la Défense  
92000 Nanterre 
France 
Duly represented by: 
Christophe Ferrer 
Directeur de la Trésorerie et des Financements  
made in Paris on 12 July 2022 
 
 
 
 
Autorité des marchés financiers 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the 
information it contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 12 July 2022 and is valid until 12 July 2023 and shall, during this 
period and in accordance with the provisions of article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, be 
completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake 
or inaccuracy. This Base Prospectus obtained the following approval number: n°22-297.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
WS0101.34619409.1 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
VINCI 
1973, boulevard de la Défense 
92000 Nanterre 
France 
Telephone: +33 1 57 98 61 00 
 
Arranger 
Natixis 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
Dealers 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
29, avenue de l'Opéra 
75001 Paris 
France 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Avenida de Cantabria 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
6 avenue de Provence 
75452 Paris 
Cedex 9 
France 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 75002  
92547 Montrouge Cedex  
France 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris  
France 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98  
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
Natixis 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France  
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58  
60311 Frankfurt  
Germany   
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France

--- Page 131 ---
131 
WS0101.34619409.1 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, 
Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
(affiliated with Euroclear France under number 29106) 
9, rue du Debarcadère 
93500 Pantin cedex 
France 
 
Auditors to the Issuer 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit, 
63, rue de Villiers, 
92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex 
France 
 
Deloitte & Associés 
6, place de la Pyramide 
92908 Paris-la-Défense Cedex 
France 
 
Legal Advisers 
 
To the Issuer 
Clifford Chance Europe LLP 
1, rue d'Astorg 
75008 Paris 
France 
To the Arranger and the Dealers 
Gide Loyrette Nouel A.A.R.P.I. 
15, rue de Laborde  
75008 Paris 
France