--- Page 1 ---
Vitec Software Group AB (publ) 
 
Base prospectus  
 
Maximum SEK 5,000,000,000 MTN programme  
(or the equivalent amount in EUR) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Dealer 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
 
This base prospectus was approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority on 7 February 2025. The validity of 
this base prospectus will expire twelve (12) months after the date of its approval. The obligation to supplement this base 
prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply when this base 
prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This base prospectus (the “Prospectus”) has been prepared by Vitec 
Software Group AB (publ) in relation to a programme for issuances of 
notes in Swedish kronor (“SEK”) or euro (“EUR”) with different 
maturities but with a minimum term of one (1) year (the “MTN 
Programme” and the “Notes”). Notes may be issued in a minimal 
nominal amount of EUR 100,000 or the equivalent amount in SEK. 
Vitec Software Group AB (publ) may at one or more occasions issue 
Notes under this MTN Programme until the total outstanding nominal 
amount under such issues equals SEK 5,000,000,000 or the equivalent 
amount in EUR. Notes may be issued with fixed interest rate, floating 
interest rate or as zero coupon Notes.  
In this Prospectus, depending on the context, “Vitec”, the 
“Company”, the “Issuer” and the “Group” refers to Vitec Software 
Group AB (publ), a Swedish public limited liability company with reg. 
no. 556258-4804, or the group in which Vitec Software Group AB 
(publ) is the parent company. 
This Prospectus has been approved and registered by the 
Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) 
(the “SFSA”) as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as 
amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This Prospectus is a base 
prospectus pursuant to Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Concepts and terms defined in the general terms and conditions 
for the MTN Programme (the “General Terms and Conditions”) 
and the final terms for the applicable Notes issue under the MTN 
Programme (the “Final Terms”) are used with the same meaning 
throughout the entire Prospectus unless otherwise is understood from 
the context or otherwise defined in this Prospectus. This Prospectus is 
not a recommendation to subscribe for or to acquire Notes issued under 
the MTN Programme. Any recipients of this Prospectus and/or Final 
Terms must make their own assessment of the Issuer and the Group 
and this Prospectus shall be read in conjunction with any documents 
incorporated by reference, the applicable Final Terms and any 
supplements to this Prospectus. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, no 
information contained in this Prospectus has been audited or reviewed 
by the Issuer’s auditor. Certain financial information in this Prospectus 
may have been rounded off and, as a result, the numerical figures shown 
as totals in this Prospectus may vary slightly from the exact arithmetic 
aggregation of the figures that precede them. 
This Prospectus may not be distributed in the United States (or 
to any U.S. person) or in any other jurisdiction where such distribution 
or disposal requires additional prospectus, registration or additional 
measures or is contrary to the rules and regulations in such jurisdiction. 
Persons into whose possession this Prospectus may come are required 
to inform themselves about, and comply with, such restrictions. Any 
failure to comply with such restrictions may result in a violation of 
applicable securities regulations. The Notes have not been and will not 
be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“U.S. Securities Act”), or any U.S. state securities laws and are 
subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States of America or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S under 
the U.S. Securities Act) except pursuant to applicable exemptions. 
Accordingly, the Issuer is offering the Notes only (1) to Qualified 
Institutional Buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the U.S. 
Securities Act and (2) outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in 
reliance on Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act. No person has 
been authorised to provide any information or make any statements 
other than those contained in this Prospectus. Should such information 
or statements nevertheless be furnished, it/they must not be relied 
upon as having been authorised or approved by the Issuer and the 
Issuer assumes no responsibility for such information nor statements. 
Neither the publication of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or 
delivery of any Notes implies that the information in this Prospectus is 
correct and current as at any other date than the date of this Prospectus 
or that there have not been any changes in the Group’s business since 
the date of this Prospectus. If the information in this Prospectus 
becomes subject to any material change, such material change will be 
made public in accordance with the provisions governing the 
publication of supplements to Prospectuses in the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and appropriate channels for 
distribution of the Notes. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment. However, a distributor 
subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. For 
the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU 
Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), a determination will be made in relation to each issue about 
whether the Arranger or any Dealer participating in the issue of the 
Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes. Neither the Arranger 
or the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates that do not 
participate in an issue will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
This Prospectus may contain forward-looking statements and 
assumptions regarding future market conditions, operations and 
results. Such forward-looking statements and information are based on 
the beliefs of the Issuer’s management or are assumptions based on 
information available to the Group. The words “considers”, “intends”, 
“deems”, “expects”, “anticipates”, “plans” and similar expressions 
indicate some of these forward-looking statements. Other such 
statements may be identified from the context. Any forward-looking 
statements in this Prospectus involve known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, 
performances or achievements of the Group to be materially different 
from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or 
implied by such forward-looking statements. Further, such forward-
looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the 
Group’s present and future business strategies and the environment in 
which the Group will operate in the future. Although the Issuer believes 
that the forecasts or indications of future results, performances and 
achievements are based on reasonable assumptions and expectations, 
they involve uncertainties and are subject to certain risks, the 
occurrence of which could cause actual results to differ materially from 
those predicted in the forward-looking statements and from past 
results, performances or achievements. Further, actual events and 
financial outcomes may differ significantly from what is described in 
such statements as a result of the materialisation of risks and other 
factors affecting the Group’s operations. Such factors of a significant 
nature are mentioned in Section ‘Risk factors’ below. 
This Prospectus is governed by Swedish law. Disputes 
concerning, or related to, the contents of this Prospectus shall be 
subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Sweden. The District 
Court of Stockholm (Sw. Stockholms tingsrätt) shall be the court of first 
instance. The Prospectus is available at the SFSA’s website (www .fi. se) 
and the Issuer’s website (www.vitecsoftware.com).

--- Page 3 ---
3 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
General description of the MTN Programme ......................................................................................................... 4 
Risk factors ............................................................................................................................................................... 9 
General Terms and Conditions .............................................................................................................................. 22 
Form of Final Terms............................................................................................................................................... 40 
Description of the Issuer and the Group ............................................................................................................... 44 
Share capital, shares and ownership structure ..................................................................................................... 48 
Board of Directors, Group Management and auditors ......................................................................................... 50 
Financial information ............................................................................................................................................ 53 
Legal considerations and supplementary information ......................................................................................... 57 
Addresses ................................................................................................................................................................ 58

--- Page 4 ---
4 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE MTN PROGRAMME 
This section contains a general and broad description of the MTN Programme and the Notes. It does not 
provide a comprehensive or complete description of the MTN Programme and the Notes, and potential 
investors should carefully review the information contained in this Prospectus as a whole, including the 
information incorporated into this Prospectus by reference, before a decision is made to invest in the Notes. 
General 
Issuer 
Vitec Software Group AB (publ), Swedish reg. no. 556258-4804. 
Corporate resolution 
Pursuant to an authorisation resolved by the Issuer’s Board of Directors on 4
February 2025, Olle Backman (CEO) and Lars Stenlund (Chairman of the Board) 
resolved to establish this MTN Programme on 7 February 2025. 
General information
on the MTN 
Programme 
The Issuer has established this MTN Programme for the purpose of issuing Notes 
in SEK or EUR with different maturities but with a minimum term of one (1) year. 
Notes may be issued in a minimal nominal amount of EUR 100,000 or the 
equivalent amount in SEK. The Issuer may at one or more occasions issue Notes 
under this MTN Programme until the total outstanding nominal amount under 
such issues equals SEK 5,000,000,000 or the equivalent amount in EUR. Notes 
may be issued with fixed interest rate, floating interest rate or as zero coupon 
Notes. Each Loan is given a specific loan identification number (ISIN) in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
General Terms and 
Conditions and the 
Final Terms 
Notes issued under this MTN Programme are governed by the General Terms and 
Conditions and the applicable Final Terms. The General Terms and Conditions 
apply to all Notes issued under this MTN Programme. For each individual Loan 
under the MTN Programme, Final Terms are established in accordance with the 
form of Final Terms set out in the section ‘Form of Final Terms’ in this Prospectus. 
The Final Terms include supplementary terms and conditions for the individual 
Loan to which they apply and must be read in conjunction with the General Terms 
and Conditions. The Issuer will make the applicable Final Terms publicly available 
on the Issuer’s website (www.vitecsoftware.com) and submit the applicable Final 
Terms to the SFSA. 
Arranger and Dealers 
The Issuer has appointed Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) as Arranger 
of the MTN Programme and has appointed Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ) and Nordea Bank Abp as Dealers under the MTN Programme. Additional 
Dealers may be appointed, and a Dealer may withdraw from its appointment. The 
Arranger and the Dealers have not verified and are not responsible for the contents 
of this Prospectus. 
Form of the Notes
Notes will be issued in dematerialised book-entry form and registered on 
securities accounts maintained with Euroclear Sweden AB in accordance with the 
Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act. 
No physical Notes will be issued. Euroclear Sweden AB’s business address is 
Klarabergsviadukten 63, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden. The Notes constitute debt 
instruments (Sw. skuldförbindelser) of the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of 
the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts 
Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av

--- Page 5 ---
5 
finansiella instrument). Registration requests relating to the Notes shall be 
directed to an Account Operator. Payment of principal, interest and, if applicable 
any withholding tax will be made through Euroclear Sweden AB’s book-entry 
system. 
Status
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured debt 
obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves and shall rank at least pari passu with the Issuer’s 
other unsubordinated and unsecured payment obligations, save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by provisions of mandatory law. 
Use of proceeds
The proceeds received by the Issuer under this MTN Programme shall be applied 
towards general corporate purposes of the Group or as specified in the Final Terms 
for the applicable Notes. 
Price and interest
The price of and the interest (if any) applicable to the Notes cannot be established 
in advance but is set in connection with the relevant issue on the basis of prevailing 
market conditions. The Notes may be issued at a price equivalent to, below or 
above the relevant Nominal Amount. The interest (if any) applicable to the Notes 
depends on several factors, one of which is the interest rate applicable to other 
investments with a corresponding term. Notes may be issued with fixed interest 
rate, floating interest rate or as zero coupon Notes. 
Tax
Euroclear Sweden AB deducts withholding tax, presently thirty (30.00) per cent. 
on interest paid to private individuals resident in Sweden as well as to Swedish 
estates of inheritance. 
The above description does not constitute tax advice. The description is not 
exhaustive, but it is rather intended as general information on certain applicable 
rules. The tax legislation of the Noteholder’s member state may also have an 
impact on the income from the Notes. Noteholders must assess the tax 
consequences that may arise and consult a tax adviser in the process. 
Transfer restrictions
The Notes are freely transferable, but the Noteholders may be subject to purchase 
or transfer restrictions (due to, e.g., the Noteholder’s nationality, residency, 
registered address or place(s) of business) with regard to the Notes, as applicable, 
under local regulations to which a Noteholder may be subject. Each Noteholder 
must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own costs and expense. The 
Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act or 
the securities laws of any other jurisdiction. 
Admission to trading
Application for admission to trading of the Notes on the corporate bond list of 
Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market will be made in accordance with 
the applicable Final Terms. The applicable Regulated Market will carry out its own 
assessment of the application and will approve or reject the admission to trading. 
The Issuer is responsible for all costs associated with the admission to trading of 
Notes under this MTN Programme. 
Governing law
This MTN Programme, the General Terms and Conditions, the applicable Final 
Terms and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
therewith are governed by Swedish law. Disputes shall be settled by Swedish

--- Page 6 ---
6 
courts. The District Court of Stockholm (Sw. Stockholms tingsrätt) will be the
court of first instance. 
Time-bar for claims
Claims for repayment of principal shall be time-barred and become void ten (10) 
years from the Maturity Date. Claims for interest shall be time-barred and become 
void three (3) years after each relevant Interest Payment Date. If a limitation 
period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations (Sw. 
preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new limitation period of ten (10) years with 
respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal, and of three (3) years 
with respect to receive payment of interest will commence, in both cases calculated 
from the date of interruption of the limitation period, as such date is determined 
pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations. 
Evaluation of risks
Investing in the Notes involves substantial risks, and potential investors should 
refer to the Section ‘Risk Factors’ below for a presentation of some of the risks that 
they should carefully consider before deciding to invest in the Notes. Each 
potential investor in the Notes must individually determine the suitability of an 
investment in the Notes in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor should:  
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful 
evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes 
and of the information contained in this Prospectus, including the 
information incorporated into this Prospectus by reference, and any 
supplement to this Prospectus; 
(ii) 
have access to appropriate analytical tools and knowledge of how to 
use them to evaluate, in the context of the potential investor’s 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the 
impact the Notes will have on the potential investor’s overall 
investment portfolio;  
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks 
of an investment in the Notes;  
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the General Terms and Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms; and  
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of financial advisors) 
possible scenarios for economic and other factors (including as 
regards interest rates) that may affect an investment in the Notes and 
the potential investor’s ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Personal data
The Issuer, the Dealers and the Administrative Agent may collect and process 
personal data relating to Noteholders. The processing of personal data is based on 
the legitimate interest of the Issuer, the Dealers and/or the Administrative Agent 
in order to exercise their respective rights and/or fulfil their respective obligations 
in relation to the MTN Programme and Notes, as well as the Issuer’s, the Dealer’s 
and the Administrative Agent’s obligations pursuant to applicable legislation. 
Collected personal data will only be stored as long as necessary based on the 
purpose of the processing, unless otherwise is required or permitted by law. For 
more information regarding the processing of personal data, please visit the 
Issuer’s, the Dealer’s and the Administrative Agent’s websites.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
Product description 
This section contains a general description of the terms applicable to an issue of Notes under this MTN 
Programme. The final terms of each Notes are set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Repayment and 
redemption 
The Nominal Amount of the Notes (together with accrued interest, if any) falls due for 
repayment on the Maturity Date as specified in the Final Terms. Should the Maturity 
Date fall on a date which is not a Business Day, the Notes will be repaid on the 
following Business Day. 
Interest structure
Under this MTN Programme and in accordance with Clause 6 (Interest) of the General 
Terms and Conditions, the Notes may be issued with fixed interest rate, floating 
interest rate or zero coupon. The applicable interest rate is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Fixed interest rate
For Notes with a fixed interest rate, interest accrues in accordance with the rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms from (but excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (and including) the relevant Maturity Date. 
Accrued interest for Notes with a fixed interest rate shall be paid in arrears on each 
Interest Payment Date and is calculated using the Day Count Convention specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating interest 
rate 
For Notes with a floating interest rate, interest accrues in accordance with the rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms from (but excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (and including) the relevant Maturity Date. 
The interest rate for Notes with a floating interest rate is calculated by the 
Administrative Agent on the respective Interest Determination Date as the sum of the 
Base Rate and the Margin for the relevant period, adjusted for the application of 
Section 13 (Replacement of Base Rate) of the General Terms and Conditions. If the 
calculation of the interest rate entails a value lower than zero, the interest rate will be 
considered to be zero. Accrued interest for Notes shall be paid in arrears on each 
Interest Payment Date and is calculated using the Day Count Convention specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Zero coupon
If the Loan is specified as a zero coupon it bears no interest. Loans with zero coupon 
may be issued at a discount, par or premium. 
Benchmark 
Regulation 
Floating interest payable on Notes issued under this MTN Programme may be 
calculated by reference to certain benchmarks, being STIBOR and EURIBOR, as 
defined in the General Terms and Conditions (however subject to Clause 13 
(Replacement of Base Rate)). EURIBOR is provided by the European Money Market 
Institute and STIBOR is provided by Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB. 
Should a Base Rate Event occur in accordance with Clause 13 (Replacement of Base 
Rate), certain fall-back provisions will be effectuated securing that an Alternative Base 
Rate or Successor Base Rate is determined in order to maintain transparency and 
predictability in the calculation metrics of relevant benchmarks for Notes bearing 
floating rate interest. 
The European Money Market Institute and Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility are 
registered in the register of administrators and benchmarks maintained by the

--- Page 8 ---
8 
European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments 
and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the 
“Benchmark Regulation”). 
Day Count 
Convention 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the following Day Count
Conventions will be used for the calculation of interest under this MTN Programme. 
30/360: The calculation is based on a year of 360 days divided into twelve (12) months
of thirty (30) days each and in case of a fraction of a month using the actual number of
days of the month that have passed. 
Actual/360: The calculation is based on the actual number of days elapsed in the 
relevant Interest Period, divided by 360. 
 
Undertakings 
Certain 
undertakings 
The General Terms and Conditions contain a number of undertakings that restrict the
ability of the Issuer and other Group Companies, including, among others: 
 
restrictions on changing the nature of business; 
 
restriction on issuing certain market loans; 
 
restriction on granting security in respect of certain market loans; and 
 
undertaking to admit Loans on a Regulated Market. 
Each of these undertakings may be subject to significant exceptions and qualifications. 
See the General Terms and Conditions for more information.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Notes involves a number of risks and investors may lose part or all of their investments. 
In this section, risk factors which are specific to Vitec and/or the Notes, and which Vitec deems to be material 
for taking an informed decision to invest in the Notes and may affect Vitec’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes, are presented. The risk factors are presented in categories and, in each category, the risk 
factors are ranked by materiality in a descending order based on Vitec’s assessment of the probability of 
their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact. Where a risk factor may be 
categorised in more than one category, such risk factor appears only once and in the most relevant category 
for such risk factor. The description of each risk factor and Vitec’s assessment of its materiality is based on 
information available and estimates made on the date of this Prospectus. 
The below description of risks is not necessarily exhaustive. For example, Vitec also faces risks inherent to its 
industry and markets (i.e., which are not specific to Vitec or the Notes) and there may be other risks not 
currently known or not currently deemed material by Vitec. Therefore, potential investors should carefully 
review the information contained in this Prospectus as a whole and should also make their own evaluations 
of risks associated with an investment in the Notes and consult their own professional advisors should they 
deem it necessary. 
 
RISKS RELATING TO BUSINESS, INDUSTRY AND MARKETS 
Risks relating to acquisitions and strategic investments 
Vitec is an industrial acquirer of vertical software companies, and it is expected that a large part of the Group’s 
future growth will come from strategic acquisitions in order to expand the business to offer new products and 
services. During the financial years 2024 and 2023, Vitec made seven and six acquisitions, respectively. 
In order for Vitec’s acquisition and investment strategy to be successful and generate profitable growth, Vitec 
needs to identify suitable companies or businesses to acquire or invest in on relevant geographic markets, 
perform adequate due diligence reviews, negotiate favourable terms and conditions for each transaction 
(sometimes in competition with other prospective buyers) as well as obtain necessary permits or governmental 
approvals (e.g., as regards competition and foreign direct investments). Furthermore, the Group’s acquisitions 
are largely financed by external financing which, to a certain extent, makes Vitec dependent on access to such 
external financing for acquisitions. The access to external financing is affected by various factors, including 
market conditions, general access to loan financing as well as Vitec’s credit rating and credit capacity. 
Accordingly, disruptions and uncertainties in the capital markets and the credit markets can limit the access 
to the capital needed for Vitec to be able to acquire companies or make strategic investments. If Vitec is not 
able to carry out acquisitions or strategic investments in accordance with its acquisition strategy, it may have 
a material adverse effect on Vitec’s growth. 
Following an acquisition, there is a risk that Vitec fails to integrate the acquired personnel, business and 
technology successfully or fails to coordinate the joint businesses following the acquisition in an efficient 
manner. In addition, there is also a risk that Vitec’s and the acquired businesses’ routines on, e.g., internal 
governance and control differ or prove to be difficult to unite which could lead to Vitec failing to maintain 
sufficient governance and control. The Group operates in several different countries, and on a wide range of 
markets, with cultural and legislative differences which may entail challenges for integration measures. 
Further, Vitec operates a decentralised governance model and leaves a large portion of the decision-making 
mandate with each individual business unit while simultaneously striving to achieve a common corporate 
culture for all business units, and the Group’s internal governance and control is dependent on each individual

--- Page 10 ---
10 
business unit complying with Group-wide policies and control checklists. Should the business in any given unit 
be conducted in a way that is not in line with the Group’s values, internal governance policies or any other 
control mechanisms, this could lead to data security vulnerabilities, handling of personal data in breach with 
applicable laws and regulations, deficiencies in routines for financial reporting, corporate misconduct or other 
negative consequences for the Group’s operations. In addition, the integration process may require more 
resources than expected or in other ways interfere with Vitec’s operations, for example due to unforeseen issues 
of a regulatory, legal, contractual or other nature, issues with integration of technical solutions or issues with 
the realisation of operational synergies. The integration process may also force Vitec to direct monetary and 
human resources away from other parts of the business, which could, e.g., have a negative effect on Vitec’s 
service offering and internal governance and control. 
Should any of these acquisition and investment related risks materialise, it could have a material adverse effect 
on Vitec’s business and results of operations. Future acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of the 
Group’s equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, amortisation costs, or impairment of 
goodwill, any of which could have an adverse effect on the business, operating results, and financial position 
of the Group. 
Risks relating to IT, cyber security and system failures 
As a technology business, the Group depends on a reliable and secure connectivity ensuring availability of the 
Group’s different platforms. Vitec’s systems and those of its subsidiaries and third-party suppliers may 
experience service interruptions, denial-of-service and cyberattacks or computer viruses causing system 
failures, downtime, theft or loss of confidential or other important data or interruptions in the availability of 
Vitec’s software platform. In addition, human error, floods, fires, natural disasters, power losses, disruptions 
in telecommunications services, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks and other geopolitical 
unrest or other similar events may affect the availability of the Group’s software platforms, and there is a risk 
that Vitec’s disaster recovery planning is not sufficient. Vitec develops and delivers software aimed at various 
functions in society and its customers within, inter alia, energy, insurance, retail, hotels, religious institutions, 
education and healthcare. For many of Vitec’s customers, service interruptions could have severe consequences 
as the customers may not be able to carry out its business without Vitec’s services. 
Some of Vitec’s business units have experienced system failures and other events that have interrupted the 
availability or reduced the speed or functionality of Vitec’s products and services, and Vitec may experience 
such events again in the future. Such events could result in significant losses in revenue and/or expenses to 
repair or replace damaged equipment and systems and remedy any data loss or corruption. A prolonged 
interruption in the availability, or reduction in the speed or other functionality, of Vitec’s products and services 
could materially harm Vitec’s reputation and business. Frequent or persistent interruptions in Vitec’s products 
and services could cause customers to believe that Vitec’s products and services are unreliable, which could 
result in customers switching to competitors and avoiding Vitec’s products and services. The occurrence of any 
of such system failures, delays in service or cyberattacks and resulting interruptions in Vitec’s services could 
have a material adverse effect on Vitec’s business and prospects. 
Risks relating to dependence on key employees 
During the financial year 2024, the Group had an average of 1,551 employees. Dedicated employees and 
committed senior executives play an important role in Vitec achieving its goals. Vitec depends upon the 
continued services and performance of its key employees, senior executives and skilled personnel. Vitec is inter 
alia dependent on its professionals within software development, IT, sales, mergers & acquisitions and 
business integration. Any inability to recruit, develop, engage and retain a sufficient number of qualified 
employees would materially hinder Vitec’s business by, for example, impairing its ability to successfully 
develop new services and products offerings or impairing its ability to successfully identify new business

--- Page 11 ---
11 
opportunities and execute its strategy and strategic initiatives. In addition, as the process of recruiting and 
training qualified personnel is often costly in terms of both time and money and can force management to 
divert attention from other parts of the business, if Vitec’s recruitment and retention efforts are unsuccessful, 
qualified personnel may not be integrated into Vitec’s workforce in a sufficiently timely manner to meet the 
needs of the business. The competition for talented, experienced and engaged employees is high. 
Vitec operates a decentralised governance model and leaves a large portion of the decision-making mandate 
with each individual business unit. Many business units have key employees who have once founded the 
business before it was acquired by Vitec or who otherwise have a long experience of the relevant business. 
These key individuals possess considerable knowledge and experience of the business and markets of the 
respective business units. In many cases, it could be difficult to replace these entrepreneurs and other key 
individuals without it having a negative impact on the business unit’s operations. Therefore, it is important for 
the Group to keep these individuals motivated and to retain their expertise and experience within the Group 
in order to successfully grow and develop the relevant business units in line with the Group’s strategy. Further, 
because of Vitec’s decentralised governance model, recruiting and/or retaining skilled and dedicated business 
unit CEOs and VPOs is crucial to the success of the business unit. Leadership deficiencies in an individual 
business unit may lead to the business of the business unit being conducted in a way that is not in the best 
interest of the business unit and/or the Group, or in a way that is not in line with Vitec’s common values, which 
could have a significant adverse effect on the Group’s business and reputation. The Group’s decentralised 
governance model also entails challenges as regards exercising central leadership in matters that are common 
for all of the Group’s business unit, which emphasises the Group’s dependency on recruiting and retaining 
skilled Group management executives who can exercise effective central leadership where appropriate. 
If Vitec is not successful in recruiting and retaining key employees and senior executives, it could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, result and financial position. 
Risks relating to errors and defects in software 
Software such as Vitec’s may contain errors, defects, security vulnerabilities or bugs that are difficult to detect 
and correct, particularly when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released. Despite 
internal testing, Vitec’s software platforms or systems may contain serious errors or defects, security 
vulnerabilities or software bugs that Vitec may be unable to successfully correct in a timely manner or at all, 
which could result in a loss of revenue, theft or loss of data (including personal data), significant expenditures 
of capital and damage to Vitec’s reputation and brand, any of which could have an adverse effect on Vitec’s 
business. In addition, errors, defects, security vulnerabilities, service interruptions or software bugs could have 
adverse effects on Vitec’s customers, suppliers and partners, and they may seek compensation for losses 
suffered or cease conducting business with Vitec altogether. There is also a risk that provisions, which typically 
are included in Vitec’s agreements to attempt to limit Vitec’s exposure to claims, are unenforceable, inadequate 
or would not otherwise protect Vitec from liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. Even if 
not successful, a claim brought against Vitec by any of its customers, suppliers or partners would likely be time 
consuming and costly for Vitec to defend itself against and could seriously damage Vitec’s reputation and 
brand, making it harder for Vitec to sell its products and services. The loss of business or brand reputation 
suffered as a result of any such errors, defects or bugs in Vitec’s platform or systems, as well as the costs 
associated with repairing these defects and defend or settle against claims, could have material adverse effects 
on Vitec business, results of operations and prospects. 
Risks relating to brand and reputation 
A key part in Vitec’s success is dependent on Vitec’s ability to maintain, promote and grow its brand image and 
reputation. Vitec’s operations and prospects would be adversely affected if it fails to achieve these objectives 
or if, whether or not justified, the reputation or perception of the Vitec brand is materially tarnished or receives

--- Page 12 ---
12 
extensive negative publicity, regardless of whether such negative publicity is a consequence of Vitec’s and its 
employees’ own actions, a partner’s actions or otherwise. For example, there is a risk that Vitec’s customers 
use Vitec’s products and services for non-permitted purposes, which could damage Vitec’s reputation and 
brand image. Furthermore, extensive negative publicity regarding regulatory or legal actions against Vitec 
could damage Vitec’s reputation and brand image, undermine suppliers’, partners’, customers’ and other 
stakeholders’ confidence in Vitec and reduce the demand for Vitec’s products and services, even if the 
regulatory or legal action is unfounded or not material to its operations. The degree to which a harmed 
reputation may affect Vitec is uncertain and presents a significant risk to the demand for Vitec’s services.  
In addition, Vitec’s success in maintaining, promoting and growing its brand image and reputation depends 
on its ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment, including reliance on social media and online 
dissemination of advertising campaigns. Negative posts or comments about Vitec on social media and other 
websites could seriously damage Vitec’s reputation and brand image which in turn could have a material 
adverse effect on Vitec’s business and prospects. 
Risks relating to competition 
Vitec operates in a large number of niche markets for vertical software. Each niche market usually contains a 
number of competitors that specialise in industry-specific applications, as generic software generally provides 
less cost-efficient solutions to the unique requirements of the specific vertical market. Vitec strives to achieve 
a leading position within each of its niche markets. There is however a risk that Vitec is not successful in 
achieving and maintaining leading market positions. 
There is a risk that Vitec may face increased competition in both existing and new markets, e.g., from larger 
and/or more effective companies with greater financial, technological and marketing resources and sizeable 
market shares, including from new market participants that are not currently present or not materially present 
in Vitec’s markets. The market for vertical software is constantly evolving and there is a risk that the Group’s 
competitors may be able to invest greater resources in product development and respond more quickly to new 
technologies or processes and changes in customer demands than Vitec. For example, the Group’s competitors 
may be able to provide more attractive solutions than the Group by utilising, e.g., new technologies based on 
artificial intelligence that may not be available to Vitec at all or at an acceptable cost. They may also be able to 
devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their services than the Group and/or to 
offer more competitive prices. In addition, the Group’s current and potential competitors may make strategic 
acquisitions or establish partnerships among themselves or with third parties that increase their ability to 
address the needs of the customers in the Group’s markets. Accordingly, there is a risk that Vitec is not 
successful in developing its offering and staying relevant to customers and/or that it is less successful than its 
competitors in this respect. 
If Vitec is unable to differentiate the Group’s offering from that of its competitors or if competitors are better 
able to utilise their advantages, Vitec may not be able to attract and retain customers, partners and suppliers. 
Furthermore, if competitive pressure causes Vitec to reduce its prices or increase its revenue share with 
suppliers and/or partners in order to attract or retain customers, partners and suppliers, Vitec may be unable 
to reduce its costs in order to maintain profit margins. The degree to which market competition may affect 
Vitec is uncertain and presents a significant risk to Vitec’s net sales and profit margins. 
Risks relating to future growth and customers 
Vitec has experienced substantial revenue growth in recent years. During the financial years 2024 and 2023, 
Vitec’s net sales grew with 20 per cent and 40 per cent, respectively. However, this growth may not continue 
in the future as a consequence of, e.g., existing contracts being terminated or becoming less profitable and 
Vitec being unsuccessful in attracting new customers.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Vitec’s business model is based on a high percentage of recurring revenues as the majority of Vitec’s software 
is distributed to over 25,000 customers as ‘software as a service’ (SaaS) based on a subscription model. Vitec’s 
customer agreements typically entitle the customer to terminate the subscription with relatively short notice 
and the inconvenience for the customer associated with losing access to the relevant software and, potentially, 
switching to a corresponding product or service provided by one of Vitec’s competitors may not be sufficient 
to serve as a deterrent. Hence, there is a risk that existing subscriptions are terminated. A decision by a 
customer to terminate its subscription with Vitec (with or without switching to a competing product or service) 
may be a result of a number of factors, including factors related to customer satisfaction with Vitec’s products 
and services (including support services), pricing and quality of Vitec’s products and services as compared to 
competitors’ products and services, the general demand for access to vertical software and changes in global 
economic conditions or the regulatory landscape. Furthermore, in order to retain existing customers in 
connection with future contract renewals, Vitec may be forced to accept less favourable commercial terms, 
resulting in smaller profit margins for Vitec going forward. 
The growth of Vitec’s business is also dependent on Vitec’s ability to attract and acquire new customers within 
both existing and new markets. There is however a risk that Vitec fails to do so, as a result of, e.g., Vitec being 
unsuccessful in updating and expanding its offering of products and services. It could also be difficult for Vitec 
to determine the optimal prices for its products and services, especially when expanding its business in new 
geographic areas. Vitec has changed its pricing model from time to time and expects to do so in the future. If 
Vitec does not offer its products and services at the optimal price, especially in markets where Vitec faces 
significant competition, there is a risk that Vitec may be unable to attract new customers or encourage existing 
customers to expand their use of Vitec’s products and services. 
If a substantial amount of Vitec’s existing customer contracts would be terminated or would become less 
profitable, and/or if Vitec would fail to attract new customers to a sufficient degree, Vitec’s rate of growth, 
business, long-term revenue, results of operations and financial position would be materially adversely 
affected. 
Risks relating to suppliers and other third parties 
Vitec is dependent on certain third parties to provide solutions which are key to Vitec’s products and services 
offering. For example, Vitec enters into agreements with landlords regarding office premises and with 
suppliers of, inter alia, electricity, information services, travel, electronics, computers, telephony, office 
supplies, software components and data centres. Vitec’s ability to renew existing agreements with suppliers 
and partners, or to enter into new contractual relationships upon the expiration of such agreements, either on 
commercially attractive terms or at all, depends on a range of commercial and operational factors and events, 
some of which may be beyond Vitec’s control – for example, the willingness of such parties to enter into new 
agreements, the demand for the products and services of such parties or general economic conditions. In the 
event Vitec’s current agreements with third parties terminate and Vitec is unable to replace such third-party 
suppliers and partners at acceptable prices or within a reasonable amount of time, Vitec could experience 
material adverse interruptions in its services. In addition, in the event that third parties fail to provide these 
services adequately, including as a result of errors in their systems or events beyond their control, or refuse to 
provide these services on terms acceptable to Vitec or at all, and Vitec is not able to find suitable alternatives, 
this could harm Vitec’s relationship with its customers and damage its reputation and brand image, and have 
a material adverse effect on Vitec’s business and results of operations.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
LEGAL, REGULATORY AND TAX RELATED RISKS 
Risks relating to processing of personal data 
Vitec processes a large amount of personal data, mainly in relation to its employees and, to some extent, Vitec’s 
customers and their customers and participants. When Vitec processes personal data, it is of great importance 
that the processing is conducted in accordance with applicable laws, regulations and authorities’ guidelines on 
the protection of personal data, including Swedish law and Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation, “GDPR”). Under the 
GDPR, there are, for example, strict requirements to inform individuals what personal data are processed by 
Vitec and that such processing takes place in a manner compatible with the purpose under which the collection 
of personal data was conducted. 
In the event that the Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection (Sw. Integritetsskyddsmyndigheten), any other 
relevant supervisory authority or anyone else would deem that Vitec is, or has in the past been, processing 
personal data improperly, or if a data breach occurs due to, e.g., security deficiencies which lead to unlawful 
dissemination or processing of personal data, this could result in administrative sanction fees due to violations 
of the GDPR or other legal sanctions. Since Vitec processes a large amount of personal data as part of its 
operations, any improper or unlawful processing could also lead to a significant number of individuals being 
affected and, as such, there is a risk that potential administrative sanction fees and/or other legal sanctions or 
claims from relevant supervisory authorities or other relevant parties could have a material adverse effect on 
Vitec’s business and results of operations. In addition, any violations of applicable laws and regulations 
regarding the protection of personal data as a result of events both within and outside of Vitec’s control may 
adversely affect Vitec’s reputation and brand image. 
Also, due to Vitec’s international operations, the applicable laws, regulations and authorities’ guidelines in 
Vitec’s different jurisdictions may, for example, have differing or conflicting provisions in relation to Vitec’s 
handling of personal data. This risk is enhanced as the requirements under applicable laws, regulations and 
authorities’ guidelines on the protection of personal data, including Swedish law and the GDPR, are subject to 
changes. There has, e.g., also been recent developments in relevant controller/processor guidelines relating to 
the GDPR that alter the classification of such roles. While Vitec continuously works towards ensuring its 
compliance, Vitec may be adversely affected by previous or future changes in applicable rules and regulations 
or changes in relevant supervisory authorities’ interpretations of such rules and regulations. There is a risk 
that stricter or changed laws, regulations or authorities’ guidelines on or interpretations of, e.g., the ability to 
transfer personal data to third countries, controller/processor roles or to render pseudonymised data and 
share such data with customers in any of the markets in which Vitec operates adversely affects Vitec’s products 
and services. 
Compliance risks 
Vitec is subject to various rules and regulations in the different jurisdictions in which the Group conducts its 
business. These rules and regulations expose Vitec to the risk of administrative fines and entail significant costs 
and resource requirements for implementing, adapting, monitoring and otherwise conducting the business in 
accordance with the rules in force at any given time. New, amended or repealed rules and regulations may, in 
addition to leading to increased complexity and higher demands on the Group’s compliance functions and 
operations in general, also entail restrictions on how Vitec can conduct its business. New regulations may also 
mean that the Group must invest significant resources in adapting its platforms, services and operations to the 
new regulations. Changes in the legal and regulatory framework applicable to the Group may be a consequence 
of changes in local, regional or political bodies as a result of, for example, elections or changes in government 
policies, or a consequence of more long-term regulatory developments and initiatives. For example, the

--- Page 15 ---
15 
European Union has in recent years adopted several acts governing digital technologies and services and is 
expected to keep amending and supplementing this legal framework. 
Vitec’s operations also expose the Group to risks related to sustainability factors such as human rights, 
employment conditions and climate issues. Vitec has a climate impact linked to, e.g., business travel, hardware 
purchases and electricity consumption related to server and office operations. Moreover, violations of anti-
corruption legislation that lead to extensive fines and other criminal, civil or administrative sanctions would 
have a material adverse effect on Vitec’s reputation, business, results of operations and financial position. 
Incidents or accusations related to corruption or other illegal or unethical business conduct aimed against Vitec 
and its employees, or against Vitec’s customers, suppliers, partners or other third parties with whom Vitec has 
a commercial relationship, could have material adverse consequences for Vitec, e.g., by leading to adverse 
publicity which damages Vitec’s reputation, even if such accusations are vague or untrue. 
In addition, Vitec is dependent on the compliance by its employees, customers, suppliers, partners and other 
third parties with its contractual obligations as well as laws, regulations, internal governance documents and 
policies. Non-compliance could adversely affect Vitec’s business and reputation. Such behaviour includes, inter 
alia, non-compliance with laws and regulations related to competition law, AML, IT security and data 
protection (including GDPR), corporate governance, export controls and trade sanctions, IFRS and other rules 
relating to accounting and financial reporting, the work environment, business ethics and equal treatment. 
There is also a risk that internal governance documents, policies and codes of conduct are not at all times 
adequate and fully effective, particularly if Vitec is confronted with risks that it has not fully or adequately 
identified or anticipated. Vitec also faces the risk that its senior executives make decisions that are not in 
compliance with Vitec’s contractual obligations, strategies, corporate governance practices, internal guidelines 
and policy documents or make other human errors, especially considering that Vitec operates a decentralised 
governance model which leaves a large portion of the decision-making mandate with each individual business 
unit and its respective key employees. If Vitec’s internal controls and other measures to ensure compliance 
with laws, regulations, internal guidelines and policies prove insufficient, Vitec’s reputation could be damaged 
and it could be subject to fines, penalties and other sanctions and/or exposed to civil or criminal liability. 
Risks relating to protection of intellectual property rights 
Vitec’s success is dependent on the Group’s deep technical know-how and trade secrets. There is a risk that 
employees or counterparties with access to Vitec’s know-how and trade secrets may breach their confidentiality 
agreements with Vitec or otherwise convey Vitec’s know-how, trade secrets or other confidential information 
to competitors or the public, and that the measures Vitec has taken in order to protect such information may 
prove ineffective or insufficient. The loss of protection of trade secrets and know-how would make it easier for 
third parties to compete with Vitec’s solutions, e.g., by copying functionality, and Vitec may not have access to 
adequate remedies to compensate for losses that Vitec may suffer as a consequence. 
Vitec owns a number of trademarks, domain names and other intellectual property, inter alia related to its 
software platforms. In addition, Vitec also uses various software through licensing agreements. There is a risk 
that Vitec may not have sufficient protection for trademarks or other intellectual property used in the business 
and could have difficulties with defending its trademarks and other intellectual property rights. Vitec may also 
be exposed to third parties attempting to take advantage of the Vitec brand, requiring Vitec to take legal actions. 
In addition, third parties’ (including customers or suppliers) use or misuse of the Vitec brand could reflect 
badly on Vitec, for example if such third party is involved in a business that Vitec does not want to be associated 
with. 
Vitec’s technology may be found to infringe rights owned by or granted to others which may lead to disputes. 
If Vitec cannot resolve an intellectual property dispute, Vitec may be liable for damages, be required to obtain

--- Page 16 ---
16 
costly licenses or be stopped from providing its products and services. Contesting such claims can be costly, 
even if Vitec is successful. 
If Vitec fails to protect and maintain its intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights, or if Vitec is 
alleged to have infringed on the intellectual property rights of third parties, or if license agreements are 
terminated, Vitec’s business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
Risks relating to tax 
The Group is comprised of subsidiaries that are subject to taxation in Sweden and multiple other jurisdictions, 
including numerous federal, state and local tax jurisdictions. The tax regulations relevant to Vitec are complex 
and extensive, and the relevant authorities’ interpretation and application of the regulations may change over 
time. Examples of regulatory changes that could have an adverse impact on Vitec are increased tax rates, 
reduced opportunities to utilise interest deductions or limitations on the opportunities to utilise loss carry-
forwards. Changes in the tax regulations relevant to Vitec, or in the interpretation and application thereof by 
legal bodies or authorities, may lead to increased tax costs or tax liabilities for Vitec. 
From time to time, Vitec has cases under review by, and ongoing dialogues with, tax authorities in the 
jurisdictions in which Vitec operates. Due to the complexity of the legal systems, the results of such reviews or 
final rulings may be communicated to Vitec long after the review was initiated or the original ruling was issued. 
This may result in measures taken by Vitec that have previously been deemed permissible according to the 
current interpretation and application of the regulations may need to be revised at a later date. The above could 
lead to Vitec being subject to additional tax costs or tax liabilities. 
Risks relating to competition law 
The Group is subject to competition laws in the jurisdictions in which it operates. Contractual conditions and 
price arrangements in agreements used in the Group’s operations may be subject to restrictions under such 
competition laws. Competition authorities have the power to initiate procedures pursuant to existing 
regulations and can require a party to cease applying contractual terms and prices that are found to be anti-
competitive. Competition authorities also have the power to impose fines and other sanctions as a result of 
non-compliance with relevant regulatory requirements. In addition, a person or company that has suffered 
damages on the basis of conduct in violation of competition laws may claim compensation for any damages 
caused by such violation, including interest thereon. Such third-party claims or administrative proceedings 
could result in Vitec being required to pay administrative fines, penalties or damages (plus interest), which, 
individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on Vitec’s business. 
Risks relating to legal disputes 
Vitec’s services include, inter alia, technological infrastructure and are thus often a fundamental part of the 
customers’ ability to conduct their day-to-day operations. The Group also has a large number of employees in 
several jurisdictions. There is a risk that customers, suppliers, employees or others who are dissatisfied with 
the Group’s services make claims against the Group, which may lead to judicial and administrative proceedings 
in relation to consumer disputes, contract disputes, labour disputes, government audits, and other disputes 
and tort claims. There is a risk that such proceedings will incur legal costs and other expenditures for the Group 
that are not covered by the Group’s legal expenses insurance. Being involved in such legal proceedings could 
also cause negative publicity for the Group. Moreover, if claims of damages or other remedies are levied against 
the Group and granted by relevant authorities, this would incur additional costs for the Group. Any such legal 
proceedings could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s margins and cash flow as well as the Issuer’s 
ability to make payments under the Notes.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
Risks relating to labour law 
Several Group companies are bound by collective bargaining agreements. The collective bargaining 
agreements include general terms and conditions on, among other things, vacation entitlements, notice 
periods, working hours and insurance benefits. As a result of being bound by collective bargaining agreements, 
these Group companies are obligated to consult and inform the signatory trade unions about significant 
business changes. Failure by the Group to comply with consultation or negotiation obligations could result in 
liability for damages for the Group. The Group may in the future experience lengthy consultations with trade 
unions, strikes, work stoppages or other industrial actions called by the trade unions according to law, which 
could result in delays in the Group’s ability to serve customers in a timely manner. Strikes and other industrial 
actions, and the negotiation of new collective bargaining agreements in the future, could disrupt the Group’s 
operations, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business. 
 
FINANCIAL RISKS 
Risks relating to macroeconomic factors 
Vitec’s business is affected by macroeconomic factors, such as economic cycles, regional economic 
development, unemployment, changes in infrastructure, population growth, population structure, inflation 
and interest rates levels. In recent years, Vitec has observed that the mood on the market and among its 
customers has been impacted by, e.g., concerns related to interest rates, inflation and the war in Ukraine. 
Market disruptions, particularly in the Nordic markets as well as in the Netherlands, Belgium and the USA 
where Vitec carries out a large part of its operations, and negative economic cycles in the global market can 
affect the Group’s customers’ financial position and thereby affect their demand for the Group’s services. 
In 2022 and 2023, inflation increased significantly and central banks and other lenders increased their applied 
interest rates accordingly. In addition to this, energy prices have increased drastically, leading to higher costs 
for the Group. High inflation, interest rates and energy costs could lead to, among other things, reduced 
economic development and significantly reduce the Group’s revenues, cash flows and net financial income and 
increase the Group’s costs for external financing, and thus have a material adverse impact on the Group’s 
result. Not all of the Group’s customer contracts contain index clauses or similar mechanisms and even where 
such clauses exist, they may not allow the Group to completely pass on cost increases for the Group to the 
customer. Further, a prolonged financial crisis could cause severe stress in the financial system and, directly 
or indirectly, affect the ability of the Group’s lenders to fulfil their financial obligations towards the Group, 
which would have a material adverse impact on the Group’s financial condition and ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. 
Risks relating to external financing 
The Group uses external financing for, e.g., implementation of the Group’s acquisition strategy. The Group 
may be required to raise new external financing or refinance parts of or all of its outstanding debt in the future. 
The Group’s ability to successfully raise new financing or to refinance its existing debt is dependent on a 
number of factors including the conditions of the financial markets in general, the Group’s creditworthiness 
and its capacity to assume more debt at such time. As a result, the Group’s access to financing sources at a 
particular time may not be available on favourable terms, or at all. Disruptions and uncertainties on the capital 
and credit markets or changes in regulations concerning the financial sector may also restrict access to the 
capital required to conduct the Group’s business. The uncertainty related to obtaining financing, or the terms 
of the financing agreements being unfavourable for the Group may result in the Vitec being unable to execute 
its strategy. Inability by the Group to raise additional financing, to refinance its debt obligations on favourable 
terms, or at all, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial position and results of

--- Page 18 ---
18 
operations. A breach of covenants or other obligations in the Group’s credit agreements or other financing 
arrangements could also result in the finance providers requiring immediate repayment of all or a portion of 
the Group’s outstanding debt, which could render any member of the Group insolvent, which in turn would 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business and financial position.  
Risks relating to goodwill and other intangible assets 
Goodwill and other intangible assets constitute a significant part of the Group’s total assets. As at 31 December 
2024, the Group’s goodwill and other intangible assets amounted to SEK 8,916,138. There is a risk that 
circumstances that form the basis for the valuations of the Group’s goodwill and other intangible assets, such 
as, e.g., market conditions, may change and that a write-down of goodwill and/or other intangible assets may 
be required. Such a write-down could have a negative impact on the Group’s financial position. 
Currency risks 
The Group’s accounting currency is SEK. However, the majority of the Group’s revenue is generated in foreign 
currencies, mainly in NOK, DKK and EUR, entailing that the Group has an exposure to these currencies. As a 
result, the Group must translate the assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses of its foreign subsidiaries and 
businesses into SEK at the then applicable foreign exchange rates. Consequently, increases or decreases in the 
value of the SEK in relation to other relevant currencies may affect the value of these items with respects to the 
Group’s foreign businesses in the Group’s consolidated accounts. If SEK would have depreciated/appreciated 
by five (5) per cent in relation to NOK, DKK and EUR, with all other variables held constant, the Group’s profit 
after tax for the financial year 2024 would have been impacted by approximately SEK 25 million. These 
translation risks could significantly affect the comparability of the Group’s results between financial periods 
or result in significant changes to the value of the Groups assets, liabilities, and equity. 
Credit and counterparty risks 
Credit and counterparty risks materialise when counterparties are unable or unwilling to fulfil their payment 
obligations towards the Group. Financial and operational challenges experienced by customers or other 
counterparties may impact the Group’s ability to collect outstanding receivables fully or in a timely manner, or 
at all, which, in turn, could lead to credit losses and require the Group to raise additional capital or obtain 
alternative financing to meet its obligations under its financing arrangements. Vitec’s business model is based 
on a high percentage of recurring revenues as the majority of Vitec’s software is distributed to over 25,000 
customers as ‘software as a service’ (SaaS) based on a subscription model. Consequently, Vitec’s business 
model relies on predictability as regards recurring revenue streams and this predictability hinges on 
counterparties meeting their financial obligations. Defaults by counterparties may cause revenue gaps which 
could disrupt the Group’s financial forecasting. Such defaults could also have a material adverse effect on long-
term customer value. At year-end 2024, the Group’s provisions for doubtful accounts receivables amounted to 
approximately SEK 7 million and its past due assets not considered impaired amounted to approximately SEK 
70 million. An increase in credit losses or failure by counterparties to meet their payment obligations towards 
the Group could have an adverse effect on Vitec’s liquidity and ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Risks relating to the Notes representing unsecured obligations 
The Issuer has, as part of its financing, incurred debts to credit institutions. There is no restriction under the 
General Terms and Conditions for the Issuer to incur additional debt and to provide security over the Group’s 
assets to secure any indebtedness, except for such debt securities which can be admitted for trading on a 
regulated market. The Notes represent unsecured obligations of the Issuer. Hence, in the event of bankruptcy,

--- Page 19 ---
19 
reorganisation or winding-up of the Issuer, the Noteholders will be subordinated in right of payment out of 
assets subject to such security. There is a risk that an investor could lose all or parts of its investment in the 
event of bankruptcy, reorganisation or winding-up of the Issuer. 
Risks relating to group structure and structural subordination 
As a holding company, the Issuer’s most significant assets comprise its subsidiaries, and as such the Issuer is 
reliant on the ability of direct and indirect subsidiaries to, e.g., make dividend distributions or intra group 
interest and loan repayments to enable the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. The Issuer’s direct 
and indirect subsidiaries are legally distinct from the Issuer and their ability to make payments to the Issuer is 
subject to, among other things, the availability of funds (which in turn depends on the future performance of 
the relevant subsidiary as well as general economic and other conditions) and corporate and other local law 
(e.g. limitations on value transfers). Dividend distributions or other financial flows may also be limited due to 
various undertakings such as credit agreements entered into by subsidiaries or by tax constraints making 
financial transfers more difficult or expensive. The Issuer’s direct and indirect subsidiaries will not themselves 
be liable for payment obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer’s subsidiaries will have debt obligations in relation to other creditors, and there are no restrictions 
under the General Terms and Conditions for the Issuer’s subsidiaries to incur additional debt obligations to 
other creditors. If any subsidiary of the Issuer is subject to, e.g., dissolution, winding-up, liquidation, 
recapitalisation, administrative or other bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, the creditors of such subsidiary 
will generally be prioritised due to their position in the capital structure and will generally be entitled to 
payment in full from the sale or other disposal of the assets of such a subsidiary before the Issuer, as a direct 
or indirect shareholder, will be entitled to receive any distributions from such a subsidiary. Such structural 
subordination entails a risk that creditors of the relevant subsidiary will be paid before creditors of the Issuer 
and therefore a risk that Noteholders may not be repaid in full if the remaining funds, after payments have 
been made to the creditors of the relevant subsidiary, are insufficient. In addition, defaults by, or the insolvency 
of, certain subsidiaries could result in the Issuer being obliged to make payments under parent company 
financial or performance guarantees in respect of such subsidiaries’ obligations or the occurrence of cross 
defaults on certain borrowings of the Group. 
Risks related to admission to trading, lack of active trading and market price 
Pursuant to the General Terms and Conditions, the Issuer has undertaken to apply for admission to trading on 
a regulated market for Loans which according to the Final Terms must be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market. There is a risk that, where such an obligation exists, the Notes are not successfully admitted to trading 
on a regulated market and, even if such admission to trading is successful, the Notes may not always be actively 
traded. Lack of a liquid market for trading in the Notes may result in Noteholders being unable to sell their 
Notes when they wish to do so, or at all, and may also have a negative impact on the market price of the Notes. 
The market price for the Notes may also be subject to fluctuations in response to many other factors, including 
for example general economic conditions and the market’s perception of the Issuer’s ability to service debt 
under the Notes, and the nominal amount may not be indicative of the market price for the Notes. In addition, 
transaction costs in any secondary market may be high. Accordingly, Noteholders must be prepared to hold 
the Notes until maturity. 
Risks related to availability of remedies for Noteholders 
Section 11 of the General Terms and Conditions (Termination of Loans) stipulate that a Loan shall become 
payable before maturity in certain cases, including, but not limited to, where the Issuer does not fulfil certain 
of its obligations under the General Terms and Conditions and in certain cases of insolvency or merger affecting 
certain entities of the Group. However, Noteholders who represent less than ten (10) per cent of the Adjusted 
Loan Amount (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions) under the relevant Loan have no independent

--- Page 20 ---
20 
right to initiate such termination of a Loan. Further, there may be cases in which an investment in Notes 
becomes significantly less attractive to Noteholders without constituting grounds for termination of the 
relevant Loan under the General Terms and Conditions. For example, if one or several Group companies which 
are not deemed to be Material Group Companies (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions) become 
insolvent, this does not in itself constitute grounds for termination of a Loan. Consequently, a Noteholder may 
be forced to hold Notes for longer than they would wish, and possibly until maturity, even in some cases where 
they find their investment in Notes to have become significantly less attractive and/or to entail higher risk than 
initially. 
Risks relating to reference currency 
The Notes are denominated and payable in SEK or EUR. If Noteholders measure their investment return by 
reference to a currency other than SEK or EUR (as applicable), an investment in the Notes will entail foreign 
exchange-related risks. For example, possible significant changes in the value of SEK or EUR (as applicable) 
relative to the currency by reference to which investors measure the return on their investments could cause a 
decrease in the effective yield of the Notes below their stated coupon rates and could result in a loss to investors 
when the return on the Notes is translated into the currency by reference to which the investors measure the 
return on their investments. Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the 
past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to 
make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, there is a risk that investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal at all. 
Risks relating to interest rate 
Notes with floating interest rate 
Notes issued with a floating interest rate are normally issued as FRNs (Floating Rate Notes). The coupon is 
calculated on the basis of an interest rate corresponding to the interest rate base plus the interest rate base 
margin, where the interest rate base is adjusted before each interest rate period whilst the interest rate base 
margin is fixed throughout the term. If the interest rate base, for example, is constituted of STIBOR 3 months, 
it is the market’s perception of the development of the 3-month interest rates, in connection with the interest 
rate base margin, that constitutes the basis for calculating the market value of the placement. A changed 
expectation in the market regarding at what level the interest rate base will be set at when determining the 
interest rate in the future will, hence, risk lowering the market value on Notes with a floating rate. 
Notes with fixed interest rate 
Investments in Notes with fixed interest rate involve a risk that the market price of the Notes may be negatively 
affected as a result of changes in the market interest rates. Generally, longer term of the securities means a 
higher risk. 
Notes with Zero Coupon 
Notes with Zero Coupon (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions) bears no interest and may be issued 
at a discount, par or premium. The price is normally determined by the market interest rate level. When there 
is a positive market interest rate, the Notes with Zero Coupon are normally issued at a discount. The market 
value of such notes may be adversely affected by changes in the market interest rate level. If the market interest 
rate level increases in relation to the level at the issue date, the market value of Zero Coupon Notes will typically 
decrease. Hence, there is a risk that changes in the market interest rate will result in Noteholders losing all or 
a significant part of their investment in such Notes. Notes issued at a discount or premium tend to fluctuate 
more as a result of a change in the market interest rate than Notes issued at par.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Risks relating to use of benchmarks 
The process of the calculation of EURIBOR, STIBOR and other interest rate benchmarks have been subject to 
a number of legislative measures. The most important initiative on the subject matter is the Benchmark 
Regulation, which regulates the provision of a benchmark, contribution of input data for the purpose of 
determining a benchmark and the operation of benchmarks within the EU. These reforms may cause STIBOR 
or EURIBOR to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on floating interest rate Notes 
and poses a risk to the value of and return on the investments of the Noteholders. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any floating interest Notes, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of STIBOR or EURIBOR (as applicable) are changed in order to comply with the 
terms of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing 
or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. The 
General Terms and Conditions contain provisions for establishing a Successor Base Rate if STIBOR or 
EURIBOR ceases to be published. However, there is a risk that a Successor Base Rate may be unfavourable for 
the Noteholders. Moreover, there is a risk that the process of establishing a Successor Base Rate leads to time 
consuming processes and discussions and/or legal disputes, which may have an adverse effect on the interests 
of the Noteholders. 
Risks relating to modifications and waivers 
The General Terms and Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. Under certain circumstances as further described in Section 13 of the General 
Terms and Conditions (Replacement of Base Rate), certain changes to the terms applicable to a Loan can be 
made without the consent of the Noteholders. Accordingly, there is a risk that the terms applicable to a Loan 
may be modified, waived or amended in circumstances where one or several individual Noteholders do not 
agree to such modification, waiver or amendment, which may adversely impact the rights of such Noteholder. 
Risks relating to credit ratings 
Neither the Issuer nor any other long-term indebtedness of the Issuer are currently rated by any rating agency 
and the Issuer may not request such rating for any Notes issued under the MTN Programme. However, one or 
more independent credit rating agencies may independently assign credit ratings to Notes. Such ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A rating or the absence of a rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. Credit ratings are subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time, and a 
change in the credit ratings of Notes, or a new unsolicited credit rating assigned to Notes, could affect the 
market price and reduce the liquidity of Notes.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTES ISSUED UNDER VITEC SOFTWARE 
GROUP AB (PUBL)’S MTN PROGRAMME 
The following general terms and conditions (the “General Terms and Conditions”) shall apply to loans 
that Vitec Software Group AB (publ) (Swedish reg. no. 556258-4804) (the “Company”) issues on the capital 
market under an agreement that has been entered into on 7 February 2025 between the Company and 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and Nordea Bank Abp regarding the MTN programme (the “MTN 
Programme”) by issuing notes in SEK or EUR with varying terms and maturities, however not less than one 
year, known as Medium Term Notes.  
1 
DEFINITIONS 
1.1 
In addition to the definitions set out above, the following terms will have the meaning set out below. 
“Account Operator” means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator 
(kontoförande institut) pursuant to the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag 
(1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) and through 
which a Noteholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its MTN. 
“Adjusted Loan Amount” means the Loan Amount less the amount of MTN owned by the 
Company, or a Group Company, regardless of whether such Group Company is directly registered as 
the owner of such MTN or not. 
“Administrative Agent” means: 
(a) if a Loan has been issued through two or more Issuing Dealers, the Issuing Dealer designated by 
the Company as being responsible for certain administrative tasks relating to the Loan according 
to the Final Terms; and 
(b) if a Loan has been issued through only one Issuing Dealer, the Issuing Dealer for that Loan. 
“Arranger” means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) or any Dealer replacing it as Arranger.  
“Base Rate” means in regard to Loans with Floating Rate, the base rate STIBOR or EURIBOR as 
specified in the Final Terms or any reference rate replacing STIBOR or EURIBOR in accordance with 
Section 13 (Replacement of Base Rate). 
“Business Day” means a day that is not a Sunday or other public holiday in Sweden or that, in 
respect of the payment of promissory notes, is not equated with a public holiday in Sweden.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
Saturdays, Midsummer’s Eve (midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (julafton) and New Year’s Eve 
(nyårsafton) will be deemed to be public holidays for this definition.  
“Day Count Convention” means, when calculating an amount for a particular calculation period, 
the calculation method specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) if the calculation method “30/360” is specified as applicable, the amount shall be calculated for 
a year with 360 days, consisting of twelve months each of 30 days, and in case of a partial month 
the actual number of days that have elapsed in the month; 
(b) if the calculation method “Actual/360” is specified as applicable, the amount shall be calculated 
using the actual number of days in the relevant period divided by 360; or 
(c) any other method of calculation as is applied for the relevant Base Rate. 
“Dealers” means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and Nordea Bank Abp as well as any 
other dealer (emissionsinstitut) that has been specifically authorised by Euroclear Sweden to handle 
and register issues in the VPC system, and which accedes to this MTN Programme, however only 
provided such institution has not ceased to act as a dealer. 
“Debt Register” means the register (skuldbok) kept by Euroclear Sweden in respect of the MTN in 
which a Noteholder is registered. 
“EURIBOR” means: 
(a) the interest rate as displayed as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the relevant day on page EURIBOR01 
of the Refinitiv screen (or through such other system or on such other page replacing the said 
system or page) for EUR for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period as described in paragraph (a), 
the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to the 
Administrative Agent at its request quoted by the European Reference Banks for deposits of 
EUR 10,000,000 for the relevant Interest Period; or 
(c) if no interest rate as described in paragraph (a) and (b) is available, the interest rate which, 
according to the reasonable assessment of the Administrative Agent, best reflects the interest 
rate for deposits in EUR offered for the relevant Interest Period. 
“Euro” and “EUR” means the currency used by the participating member states of the European 
Union in accordance with the European Union’s regulations for the Economic and Monetary Union 
(EMU). 
“Euroclear Sweden” means Euroclear Sweden AB (Swedish reg. no. 556112-8074). 
“European Reference Banks” means four major commercial banks which, at the current time, 
are quoting EURIBOR and are appointed by the Administrative Agent. 
“Final Terms” means the Final Terms established for a particular Loan under this MTN Programme 
in accordance with the form of Final Terms under the section “Form of Final Terms” below (with the 
additions and amendments that may be made from time to time). 
“Group” means the Company and each of its Subsidiaries from time to time.  
“Group Company” means any legal entity that, from time to time, forms part of the Group. 
“Insolvent” means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits 
inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 7-9

--- Page 24 ---
24 
of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other relevant 
jurisdiction). 
“Interest Commencement Date” means, according to the Final Terms, the date from which 
interest (where applicable) begins to accrue. 
“Issuing Dealer” means, according to the Final Terms, the Dealer(s) under this MTN Programme 
through which a particular Loan has been carried out. 
“Loan” means any loan from a particular series, encompassing one or more MTN with the same ISIN 
code, which the Company issues under this MTN Programme. 
“Loan Amount” means the aggregate outstanding Nominal Amount of MTN in respect of a 
particular Loan, however less any repaid amount. 
“Loan Date” means the date specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Loan Terms and Conditions” means for a particular Loan, these General Terms and Conditions 
as well as the Final Terms for said Loan.  
“Market Loans” means issuing commercial papers, bonds or other securities (including loans 
under MTN or other market loan programme), which are sold, brokered or invested in an organised 
form and which are or may be traded on a Regulated Market.  
“Material Group Company” means, at any time a Subsidiary of the Company which together with 
its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) has gross sales, assets or EBITDA representing 7.50 per 
cent., or more of the sales, assets or EBITDA of the Group, calculated on a consolidated basis.  
“Maturity Date” means, according to the Final Terms, the date on which an MTN is to be repaid. 
“MTN” means an unilateral debt obligation regarding a Nominal Amount that has been registered 
in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om 
värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument), and which forms part of a Loan 
issued by the Company under this MTN Programme. 
“Nominal Amount” means the amount for each MTN specified in the Final Terms in respect of a 
Loan. 
“Noteholder” means the party listed on the Securities Account as the directly registered owner 
(direktregistrerad ägare) or nominee (förvaltare) of an MTN. 
“Noteholders’ Meeting” means a meeting with the Noteholders in accordance with Section 12 
(Noteholders’ Meeting). 
“Record Date” means the fifth Business Day prior to (or another Business Day prior to the relevant 
date that is market practise on the Swedish bond market) (i) the due date for interest or the principal 
under the Loan Terms and Conditions, (ii) another date on which payment is to be made to 
Noteholders, (iii) the date of the Noteholders’ Meeting, (iv) the date on which the notification is 
dispatched, or (v) another relevant date. 
“Reference Banks” means the Dealers appointed under this MTN Programme or if none, or only 
one, the Dealers provide a quotation for STIBOR, such replacement banks which, at the relevant 
time, provide a quotation for STIBOR and which are appointed by the Administrative Agent. 
“Regulated Market” means a regulated market as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in 
financial instruments, as amended. 
“Securities Account” means the securities account maintained with Euroclear Sweden in 
accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om

--- Page 25 ---
25 
värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument), in which (i) an owner of a 
security is directly registered as the owner of securities or (ii) an owner’s holding of securities is 
registered in the name of a nominee. 
“Settlement Date” means the date on which, according to the Final Terms, the issue proceeds for 
MTN are to be paid. 
“STIBOR” means: 
(a) the interest rate administered, calculated and distributed by the Swedish Financial Benchmark 
Facility AB (or the replacing administrator or calculation agent) for the relevant day and 
published on the information system Refinitiv’s page “STIBOR=” (or through such other system 
or on such other page as replaces the said system or page) for SEK for a period comparable to the 
relevant Interest Period; or  
(b) if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period as described in paragraph (a), 
the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to the 
Administrative Agent at its request quoted by the Reference Banks for deposits of 
SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant Interest Period; or  
(c) if no such interest rate as described in paragraph (a) and (b) is available, the interest rate which, 
according to the reasonable estimate of the Administrative Agent, best reflects the interest rate 
for deposits in SEK offered in the Stockholm interbank market for the relevant Interest Period. 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to a person, any Swedish or foreign legal entity (whether 
incorporated or not), which at any time is a subsidiary (dotterföretag) to such person, directly or 
indirectly, as defined in the Companies Act (Aktiebolagslagen). 
“Swedish Kronor” and “SEK” means the legal currency in Sweden. 
1.2 
Additional definitions, such as Interest Rate Structure, Interest Rate, Base Rate Margin, Interest 
Determination Date, Interest Payment Date(s), Interest Period and Currency can be found (where 
applicable) in the Final Terms.  
1.3 
When calculating whether a limit or threshold described in Swedish Kronor has been reached or 
exceeded, an amount in another currency shall be calculated on the basis of the exchange rate that 
applied on the Business Day immediately prior to the relevant time and that is published on 
Refinitiv’s website “SEKFIX=” (or through such other system or on such other website that replaces 
said system or website respectively) or, if no such exchange rate is published, the exchange rate for 
such currency against Swedish Kronor the mentioned date as published by the Swedish Central Bank 
(Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). 
2 
ISSUANCE OF LOANS AND STATUS 
2.1 
Under this MTN Programme, the Company may issue MTN in Swedish Kronor or Euros with a 
maturity of at least one year. Under a Loan, MTN may be issued in multiple tranches without the 
approval of any Noteholder under the relevant Loan, provided that the terms of such tranches are 
identical with the exception of Loan Date, Loan Amount, price per MTN and Issuing Dealer. 
2.2 
By subscribing for MTN, each initial Noteholder accepts that its MTN will have the rights and be 
subject to the terms and conditions arising from the Loan Terms and Conditions. By acquiring MTN, 
each new Noteholder confirms such acceptance. 
2.3 
The Company undertakes to make payments in respect of issued MTN, as well as to comply in other 
respects with the Loan Terms and Conditions for the Loans issued under this MTN Programme.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
2.4 
If the Company wishes to issue MTN under this MTN Programme, the Company shall enter into a 
separate agreement for this purpose with one or more dealer agents, which will be the Issuing 
Dealer(s) for said Loan. 
2.5 
Final Terms shall be established in relation to each particular Loan which together with these General 
Terms and Conditions shall constitute the complete Loan Terms and Conditions. 
2.6 
The MTN are freely transferable, but the Noteholders may be subject to purchase or transfer 
restrictions with regard to the MTN, as applicable, under local regulations to which a Noteholder 
may be subject. Each Noteholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own costs and 
expense. 
2.7 
No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering of 
the MTN or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material relating to 
the Issuer or the MTN in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is 
required. Each Noteholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the 
transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the MTN. 
3 
REGISTRATION OF MTN 
3.1 
MTN will be registered in Securities Accounts on behalf of the Noteholders, and accordingly no 
physical securities will be issued. Any request for a particular registration measure in respect of MTN 
must be addressed to the Account Operator. 
3.2 
Anyone who, due to mandates, pledges, the provisions in the Children and Parents Code 
(föräldrabalken), terms and conditions in wills or deeds of gift, or otherwise has acquired the 
entitlement to receive payment under an MTN, must have their right to receive payment registered 
with Euroclear Sweden in order to receive such payment. 
3.3 
The Administrative Agent is entitled to receive information from Euroclear Sweden regarding the 
content of its Debt Register for MTN, in order to fulfil its duties in accordance with Section 11 
(Termination of loans) and Section 12 (Noteholders’ Meeting). Administrative Agents will not be 
responsible for the content of such extracts nor are they otherwise responsible for determining who 
is the Noteholder. 
4 
RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A NOTEHOLDER 
4.1 
Any person other than a Noteholder wishing to exercise the Noteholder’s rights under the Loan 
Terms and Conditions or vote at a Noteholders’ Meeting must present a power of attorney or other 
proof of authorisation from the Noteholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or 
proof of authorisation starting with the Noteholder and authorising such person. 
4.2 
A Noteholder, or another party exercising the Noteholder’s rights pursuant to Section 4.1 above, may 
authorise one or more parties to represent the Noteholder in respect of some or all MTN held by the 
Noteholder. Any such authorised party may act independently. 
4.3 
The Administrative Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power or attorney or other proof 
of authority that has been provided to it pursuant to this Section 4.1 and may assume that it has been 
duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and effect, 
unless otherwise appears from its face or if the Administrative Agent has actual knowledge to the 
contrary. 
4.4 
These General Terms and Conditions shall not affect the relationship between a Noteholder who is 
the nominee (förvaltare) with respect to an MTN and the owner of such MTN, and it is the 
responsibility of such nominee to observe and comply with any restrictions that may apply to it in 
this capacity.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
5 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Payment in respect of MTN issued in Swedish Kronor must be made in Swedish Kronor, and payment 
in respect of MTN issued in Euros must be made in Euros, unless the terms and conditions of 
Euroclear Sweden stipulates otherwise. 
5.2 
A Loan falls due on its specified Maturity Date. Interest accruing on MTN shall be paid on each 
Interest Payment Date in accordance with the Final Terms for that Loan. Subject to Section 8.3, each 
MTN shall be repaid on its specified Maturity Date in the amount specified in the Final Terms 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of MTN must be made to the person who is registered as the Noteholder on the 
Record Date in relation to the relevant due date, or to such other person who is registered with 
Euroclear Sweden as entitled to receive such payment. 
5.4 
If the Noteholder, through an Account Operator, has registered principal and interest are to be 
deposited in a particular bank account, this deposit will be made through Euroclear Sweden on the 
respective due date. 
5.5 
In the event Euroclear Sweden, due to a delay on behalf of the Company or due to some other 
obstacle, should be unable to pay an amount as previously stated, the Company must ensure that the 
amount is paid as soon as the obstacle no longer exists. 
5.6 
If the Company is unable to fulfil its payment obligation through Euroclear Sweden due to an obstacle 
affecting Euroclear Sweden, the Company will be entitled to defer the payment obligation until the 
obstacle no longer exists. In such a case, interest will be payable in accordance with Section 7.2. 
5.7 
If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Section 5, the Company and Euroclear 
Sweden shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such 
payment was made to a person not entitled to receive such amount, unless the Company or Euroclear 
Sweden (as applicable) did not act with normal care or was aware of that the payment was being 
made to a person not entitled to receive such amount. 
6 
INTEREST 
6.1 
Interest on a particular Loan is calculated and payable (where applicable) in accordance with the 
Loan Terms and Conditions. 
6.2 
In the Final Terms, the relevant Interest Rate Structure will be specified according to one of the 
following options or in a combination thereof:  
(a) Fixed Rate 
If the Loan is specified as a Loan with Fixed Rate, the Loan will bear interest at the Interest Rate 
from, but excluding, the Interest Commencement Date up to and including the Maturity Date.  
Interest that has accrued during an Interest Period is paid in arrears on the respective Interest 
Payment Date and is calculated according to the Day Count Convention method set out in the 
Final Terms. 
(b) Floating Rate (FRN) 
If a Loan is specified as a Loan with Floating Rate, the Loan will bear interest at the Interest Rate 
from, but excluding, the Loan Date up to and including the Maturity Date. The interest rate for 
the relevant Interest Period shall be calculated by the Administrative Agent on the respective 
Interest Determination Date, and is the sum of the Base Rate and the Margin for the relevant

--- Page 28 ---
28 
period, adjusted for the application of Section 13 (Replacement of Base Rate). If the calculation 
of the interest rate entails a value lower than zero, the interest rate will be considered to be zero. 
If the interest rate cannot be determined on the Interest Determination Date due to an obstacle 
as referred to in Section 17.1, the Loan will continue to run at the interest rate that applied to the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. As soon as the obstacle has ceased to exist, the 
Administrative Agent will calculate a new interest rate, which will apply from the second 
Business Day after the date of the estimate up until the end of the current Interest Period.  
Interest is paid in arrears on each relevant Interest Payment Date and is calculated according to 
the Day Count Convention for the relevant Interest Period, or by using such other method of 
calculation as is applied for the relevant Base Rate. 
(c) Zero Coupon 
If the Loan is specified as a Zero Coupon it bears no interest. Loans with Zero Coupon may be 
issued at a discount, par or premium. 
6.3 
Interest (where applicable) is paid on the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
6.4 
If the Interest Payment Date for Fixed Rate Loans falls on a non-Business Day, interest will not be 
paid until the following Business Day (an Interest Period shall however not be adjusted). However, 
interest is only calculated and payable up to and including the Interest Payment Date.  
6.5 
If the Interest Payment Date for Floating Rate Loans falls on a non-Business Day, the Interest 
Payment Date will instead be considered to be the nearest subsequent Business Day, provided that 
said Business Day does not fall in a new calendar month, in which case the Interest Payment Date 
will be considered to be the preceding Business Day. 
7 
DEFAULT INTEREST 
7.1 
In the event of any default in payment, default interest shall be payable on the overdue amount from 
its due date up to and including the date on which payment is made at a rate corresponding to the 
average of one week STIBOR for MTN denominated in SEK and one week EURIBOR for MTN 
denominated in EUR for the duration of the delay, plus two (2) percentage points in each case. For 
this purpose, STIBOR and EURIBOR shall be determined on the first Business Day in each calendar 
week for the duration of the period of default. Default interest in accordance with this Section 7.1 for 
interest-bearing Loans shall never be paid at an interest rate lower than the interest rate applicable 
to the relevant Loan on its relevant due date plus two (2) percentage points. Default interest shall not 
be capitalised. 
7.2 
If the default in payment is due to an impediment affecting a Dealer or Euroclear Sweden, default 
interest shall accrue at a rate corresponding to: 
(a) for interest-bearing Loans, the interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan on its relevant due 
date. 
(b) for Zero Coupon Loans, the average of one week STIBOR or EURIBOR respectively for the 
duration of the delay (whereby STIBOR and EURIBOR shall be determined on the first Business 
Day of each calendar week for the duration of the period of default). 
8 
REPAYMENT, REPURCHASE AND VOLUNTARY TOTAL REDEMPTION 
(CALL OPTION) 
8.1 
Loans fall due for payment on the Maturity Date, with the amount per MTN that is specified in the 
Final Terms along with accrued interest (if any). If the Maturity Date falls on a day that is not a 
Business Day, however, the Loan is repaid on the following Business Day.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
8.2 
The Company may, by agreement with the relevant Noteholder(s), repurchase MTN at any time and 
at any price in the open market or otherwise provided this is in compliance with applicable law. MTN 
that are owned by the Company may, according to the Company’s own decision, be retained, 
transferred or cancelled. 
8.3 
The Final Terms for a Loan may specify a right for the Company to redeem all, but not some only, of 
the outstanding MTN under that Loan in full on any Business Day prior to the Maturity Date for such 
Loan. If MTN are redeemed pursuant to this Section, such MTN shall be redeemed at the time and 
to the price specified in such Final Terms together with any accrued but unpaid interest. Redemption 
in accordance with this Section shall be made by the Company giving not less than fifteen (15) 
Business Days’ notice to the Noteholders and the Administrative Agent, in each case calculated from 
the effective date of the notice. Any such notice shall state the date on which the MTN of that Loan 
are to be redeemed, the relevant Record Date and the redemption price and is irrevocable but may, 
at the Company’s discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent that shall be satisfied prior 
to the Record Date. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent(s) (if any), the Company shall 
redeem the MTN in full at the applicable amounts on the date on which the MTN are to be redeemed 
or repurchased as specified in the above notice. 
9 
REPURCHASE IN CASE OF CHANGE OF CONTROL OR DE-LISTING 
9.1 
Each Noteholder is entitled to demand repurchase of all, or some, of the MTN held by the Noteholder, 
if: 
(a) the shares in the Company cease to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market; or 
(b) an event or a series of events occurs, resulting in a natural or legal person, individually or together 
with such related parties as referred to in the Stock Market (Takeover Bids) Act (lag (2006:451) 
om offentliga uppköpserbjudanden på aktiemarknaden), directly or indirectly, at some point (i) 
acquiring or controlling more than fifty (50) per cent. of the shares or voting rights in the 
Company or (ii) obtaining the right to appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors 
of the board of directors of the Company. 
9.2 
It is the responsibility of the Company, as soon as the Company becomes aware of a change of 
ownership as described in Section 9.1, to notify the Noteholders of this through a press release, on 
the Company’s website and in accordance with Section 16 (Notices). The notification must include 
instructions regarding how a Noteholder that wishes to have MTN repurchased should act, as well as 
specifying the repurchase date. 
9.3 
The repurchase date will fall at the earliest twenty (20) and at the latest forty (40) Business Days 
after the notification of the change of ownership has been sent to Noteholders in accordance with 
Section 9.2. However, in the event the repurchase date is not a Business Day, the repurchase date 
shall be deemed to be the Business Day immediately following. 
9.4 
Where a right to demand repurchase exists, the Company shall, upon such a demand by a Noteholder, 
repurchase the relevant MTN on the repurchase date at the price per MTN that would have been 
repaid on the Maturity Date, together with accrued interest (if any). For MTN with Zero Coupon, an 
amount per MTN calculated in accordance with Section 11.5 shall be paid instead. 
9.5 
Notices from Noteholders regarding demands for repurchase of MTN’s shall be drafted in accordance 
with the instructions set forth in the notice provided to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Section 9.2. The notice from the Noteholder must be received by the Company at least ten (10) 
Business Days before the relevant repurchase date.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
10 
UNDERTAKINGS 
As long as an MTN is outstanding, the Company undertakes the following: 
10.1 
Status of the Loan 
The Company shall ensure that its payment obligations under the Loans rank at least pari passu with 
its other unsubordinated and unsecured payment obligations, save for such obligations as may be 
preferred by provisions of mandatory law. 
10.2 
Nature of business and assets 
The Company undertakes not to (i) materially change the nature of the Group’s operations and 
business, or (ii) sell or otherwise dispose of any asset where such sale or disposition has a material 
adverse effect on the Company’s ability to fulfil its payment obligations towards the Noteholders. 
10.3 
Market Loans 
The Company undertakes to ensure, as long as any MTN is outstanding, that no Group Company: 
(a) other than the Company, will issue any Market Loan; or 
(b) maintains, prolongs or provides any guarantee or security over any of the Group’s present or 
future assets to secure any Market Loan. 
10.4 
Admission to trading on a Regulated Market 
The Company undertakes to apply for admission on the relevant Regulated Market for Loans which 
according to the Final Terms must be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, and to take any 
measures that may be required to maintain the admission as long as the relevant Loan is outstanding, 
however, not longer than as permitted under applicable laws and regulations. 
10.5 
Availability of Loan Terms and Conditions 
The Company undertakes to ensure that the current version of these General Terms and Conditions, 
as well as the Final Terms for all outstanding Loans that have been admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market, are kept available on the Company’s website. 
11 
TERMINATION OF LOANS 
11.1 
The Administrative Agent shall declare in writing a relevant Loan, together with accrued interest (if 
any), immediately due and payable, or payable at such time as the Administrative Agent or the 
Noteholders’ Meeting (as applicable) decides, upon the occurrence of any circumstance stated in 
Section 11.2 and if: 
(a) so decided by the Noteholders under a Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting; or 
(b) so requested in writing by Noteholders who, at the time of the request, represent not less than 
ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Loan Amount under the relevant Loan. 
A request for termination may only be made by Noteholders who are registered in the Debt Register 
maintained by Euroclear Sweden on the Business Day immediately following the date on which the 
request was received by the Administrative Agent, and must be made jointly if it is submitted by 
several Noteholders each representing less than ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Loan Amount 
under the relevant Loan. 
11.2 
Loans may only be declared due and payable in accordance with Section 11.1 provided that:

--- Page 31 ---
31 
(a) Non-Payment 
The Company fails to make timely payment of principal or interest due in respect of any Loan 
under this MTN Programme, unless the delay: 
(i) is a consequence of a technical or administrative error; and  
(ii) does not last for longer than five (5) Business Days. 
(b) Other obligations 
The Company, in any respect other than that set out in paragraph (a) above, does not comply 
with its obligations under the Loan Terms and Conditions in respect of the relevant Loan, 
provided that: 
(i) the non-compliance is capable of remedy; and 
(ii) the Company has received a written request from the Administrative Agent to remedy the 
non-compliance and it has not been remedied within twenty (20) Business Days. 
(c) Cross payment default and acceleration 
Any financial indebtedness of the Company or any Group Company is not paid when due as 
extended by any originally applicable grace period, or is declared to be or otherwise becomes due 
and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described), 
provided that Loans may only be declared due and payable under this paragraph (c) if the 
aggregate amount of financial indebtedness referred to herein is at least SEK 40,000,000 or its 
equivalent. 
(d) Insolvency 
Any of the Company or a Material Group Company is, or is deemed for the purposes of any 
applicable regulation to be, Insolvent. 
(e) Insolvency proceedings 
Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step other than vexatious or 
frivolous and as disputed in good faith and discharged within thirty (30) Business Days is taken 
in relation to: 
(i) the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, 
administration, company reorganisation (företagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (konkurs) 
of the Company or a Material Group Company; 
(ii) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with creditors of the Company or a 
Material Group Company generally; 
(iii) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation of a Material 
Group Company), administrator or other similar officer in respect of the Company or a 
Material Group Company or any of their respective assets; or 
(iv) any step analogous to paragraphs (i)-(iii) above is taken in any jurisdiction in relation to the 
Company or a Material Group Company.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
(f) Creditors’ process 
Any attachment, sequestration, distress or execution, or any analogous process in any 
jurisdiction, affects any asset of the Company or a Group Company having a value of not less than 
SEK 10,000,000 or its equivalent and which is not discharged within thirty (30) Business Days. 
(g) Merger 
The Company is subject to a merger with any other person, other than with Group Companies 
where the Company is the surviving entity. 
11.3 
The Administrative Agent may not declare a relevant Loan along with interest (if any) as due for 
payment pursuant to Section 11.2 by referring to grounds for termination, if a Noteholders’ Meeting 
has resolved that such grounds for termination (temporarily or permanently) will not result in 
termination pursuant to Section 11.2. 
11.4 
It is the responsibility of the Company to notify the Dealers and the Noteholders immediately in 
accordance with Section 16 (Notices) in the event grounds for termination as set out in Section 11.2 
should occur. In the absence of such notification, neither the Administrative Agent nor the Dealers, 
regardless of their actual knowledge, shall be deemed to be aware of grounds for termination. Neither 
the Administrative Agent nor the Dealers are themselves obliged to monitor whether the conditions 
for termination according to Section 11.2 exist. 
11.5 
In the case of the repayment of Loans after termination pursuant to Section 11.1: 
(a) interest-bearing Loans will be repaid at an amount per MTN that, together with accrued interest, 
would have been repaid on the final Maturity Date; and 
(b) non-interest-bearing Loans shall be redeemed at an amount per MTN determined by the 
following formula as per the date of acceleration of the Loan: 
Nominal Amount 
(1 + r)t 
r =  
the ask rate quoted by the Administrative Agent for Swedish government 
bonds with an outstanding term to maturity corresponding to the 
remaining term of the relevant Loan. In the absence of such ask rate, the 
bid rate shall be used instead, as reduced by a market bid/ask spread, 
expressed in percentage points. The calculation shall be based on the 
closing quotation. 
t =  
the remaining term for the relevant Loan, expressed in the Day Count 
Convention Actual/360. 
12 
NOTEHOLDERS’ MEETING 
12.1 
The Administrative Agent may and shall, at the request of the Company or Noteholders who, at the 
time of the request, represent at least one tenth of the Adjusted Loan Amount under a particular Loan 
(said request may only be submitted by Noteholders who are registered in the Debt Register for MTN 
maintained by Euroclear Sweden on the Business Day immediately following the date on which the 
request was received by the Administrative Agent, and must be made jointly if it is submitted by 
several Noteholders each representing less than one tenth of the Adjusted Loan Amount), convene a 
Noteholders’ Meeting for the Noteholders under the relevant Loan.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
12.2 
The Administrative Agent shall convene a Noteholders’ Meeting by sending notification to each 
Noteholder and the Company within five (5) Business Days after receiving a request from the 
Company or Noteholders pursuant to Section 12.1 (or such later date as required for technical or 
administrative reasons). The Administrative Agent must notify the Issuing Dealer without delay and 
in writing about the abovementioned notification.  
12.3 
The Administrative Agent may refrain from convening a Noteholders’ Meeting if (i) the proposed 
decision must be approved by a person in addition to the Noteholders and this person has notified 
the Administrative Agent that such approval will not be given, or (ii) the proposed decision is not 
compatible with applicable law. 
12.4 
The convening notification referred to in Section 12.2 must include (i) the time of the meeting, (ii) the 
venue for the meeting, (iii) the agenda for the meeting (including any request for a decision from the 
Noteholders), and (iv) a proxy form. Only matters that have been included in the convening 
notification may be decided at the Noteholders’ Meeting. If it is necessary for Noteholders to notify 
their intention to attend the Noteholders’ Meeting, this requirement must be specified in the 
convening notification. 
12.5 
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall be held no earlier than fifteen (15) Business Days and no later than 
thirty (30) Business Days after the notification. Noteholders’ Meetings for multiple loans under the 
MTN Programme can be held at the same time. 
12.6 
Without deviating from the provisions in these General Terms and Conditions, the Administrative 
Agent may prescribe such additional provisions regarding the notification and the implementation 
of the Noteholders’ Meeting as it deems appropriate. Such provisions may include the potential for 
Noteholders to vote without attending the meeting in person, i.e. that voting may take place using an 
electronic voting procedure or through a written voting procedure. 
12.7 
Only persons who are, or have been, authorised in accordance with Section 4 (Right to act on behalf 
of a Noteholder) by a person who is a Noteholder on the Record Date for the Noteholders’ Meeting 
may exercise voting rights at such Noteholders’ Meeting, provided that the relevant MTN are covered 
by the Adjusted Loan Amount. The Administrative Agent must ensure that, at the Noteholders’ 
Meeting, there is a printout of the Debt Register maintained by Euroclear Sweden from the Record 
Date for the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
12.8 
Noteholders, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Dealers, as well as their respective 
representatives, assistants and any experts, are entitled to attend the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
Representatives must present a duly issued power of attorney, which must be approved by the Chair 
of the Noteholders’ Meeting. The Noteholders’ Meeting must begin with the appointment of a chair, 
a person to take the minutes and persons to adjust the minutes. The Chair must draw up a list of 
attending Noteholders who are eligible to vote, indicating the share of the Adjusted Loan Amount 
that each Noteholder represents (the “Voting List”). After this, the Voting List must be approved by 
the Noteholders’ Meeting. Noteholders who have cast their votes via an electronic voting procedure, 
a voting slip or equivalent will, with the application of these provisions, be deemed to be present at 
the Noteholders’ Meeting. Only those who were Noteholders on the Record Date, or representatives 
of said Noteholders, and who are covered by the Adjusted Loan Amount, are entitled to vote and will 
be included in the Voting List. The Company will have access to relevant voting calculations and the 
supporting data for these. The minutes shall be completed as soon as possible and made available to 
Noteholders, the Company, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Dealer. 
12.9 
Decisions in the following matters require the approval of Noteholders representing at least ninety 
(90) per cent. of the portion of the Adjusted Loan Amount for which Noteholders are voting under 
the relevant Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting:

--- Page 34 ---
34 
(a) changing the Maturity Date, reduction of the Loan Amount, changing of terms relating to interest 
or the amount to be repaid (other than in accordance with the Loan Terms and Conditions, 
including what follows from the application of Section 13 (Replacement of Base Rate) and 
changing of the relevant Currency of the Loan; 
(b) change to the terms of the Noteholders’ Meeting under this Section 12;  
(c) change of debtors; and 
(d) mandatory exchange of MTN for other securities. 
12.10 
Matters that are not covered by Section 12.9 require the consent of Noteholders representing more 
than fifty (50) per cent. of the portion of the Adjusted Loan Amount for which Noteholders are voting 
under the relevant Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting. This includes, but is not limited to, 
amendments and waivers of rights in relation to the Loan Terms and Conditions which do not require 
a greater majority (other than amendments according to Section 14 (Amendment of terms etc.)), as 
well as early termination of Loans. 
12.11 
A quorum at a Noteholders’ Meeting requires the presence of Noteholders representing at least fifty 
(50) per cent. of the Adjusted Loan Amount under the relevant Loan in respect of a matter in 
Section 12.9, or twenty (20) per cent. of the Adjusted Loan Amount under the relevant Loan in 
respect of other matters, attend the meeting in person or by telephone (or attend through an 
authorised representative). 
12.12 
If the Noteholders’ Meeting has not met the necessary quorum requirements, the Administrative 
Agent must convene a new Noteholders’ Meeting (in accordance with Section 12.2), provided that the 
relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the person or persons who initiated the Noteholders’ 
Meeting. The quorum requirements in Section 12.11 is not applicable to such new Noteholders’ 
Meeting. If the Noteholders’ Meeting has met the quorum requirement for some but not all of the 
matters to be resolved on in the Noteholders’ Meeting, decisions shall be made on those matters for 
which quorum is present, and other matters will be referred to a new Noteholders’ Meeting. 
12.13 
A decision at a Noteholders’ Meeting which imposes new obligations on, or limits the rights of, the 
Company or an Issuing Dealer under the Loan Terms and Conditions requires the written approval 
of the relevant party. 
12.14 
A Noteholder that holds more than one MTN does not need to vote for all the MTN they hold, nor 
vote in the same way for all their MTN. 
12.15 
The Company may not, directly or indirectly, pay or contribute to the payment of any compensation 
to any Noteholder for its approval under the Loan Terms and Conditions unless such compensation 
is offered to all Noteholders who provide their consent at the relevant Noteholders’ Meeting. 
12.16 
A decision made at a Noteholders’ Meeting shall be binding on all Noteholders under the relevant 
Loan, whether or not they were present at the Noteholders’ Meeting. Noteholders shall not be held 
liable for any damage that the decision may cause another Noteholder. 
12.17 
At the request of the Administrative Agent, the Company must, without delay, provide the 
Administrative Agent with a certificate indicating the total amount for all the MTN owned by Group 
Companies on the Business Day specified in Section 12.1 and the relevant Record Date prior to a 
Noteholders’ Meeting, regardless of whether said Group Company is directly registered as an owner 
of MTN. The Administrative Agent will not be responsible for the content of said certificate or 
otherwise be responsible for determining whether an MTN is owned by a Group Company.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
12.18 
Noteholders under the relevant Loan shall be notified, without delay, of any and all decisions made 
at a Noteholders’ Meeting through a press release published on the Company’s website and in 
accordance with Section 16 (Notices). At the request of a Noteholder or the Issuing Dealer, the 
Administrative Agent shall provide the Noteholder with the minutes from the relevant Noteholders’ 
Meeting. Failure to notify the Noteholders as stated above in this section does not affect the validity 
of the decision. 
13 
REPLACEMENT OF BASE RATE 
13.1 
If a Base Rate Event as described in Section 13.2 below has occurred, the Company shall, in 
consultation with the Arranger, initiate the procedure to, as soon as reasonably possible, determine 
a Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread, as well as initiate the procedure to determine upon 
necessary administrative, technical and operational amendments to the Loan Terms and Conditions 
in order to apply, calculate and finally decide the applicable Base Rate. The Arranger is not obligated 
to participate in such consultation or determination as described above. Should the Arranger not 
participate in such consultation or determination, the Company shall, at the Company’s expense, as 
soon as possible appoint an Independent Adviser to initiate the procedure to, as soon as reasonably 
possible, determine upon the mentioned. Provided that the Successor Base Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread and other amendments have been finally decided no later than prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in relation to the next succeeding Interest Period, they shall become effective 
with effect from and including the commencement of the next succeeding Interest Period, always 
subject to any technical limitations of Euroclear Sweden and any calculation methods applicable to 
such Successor Base Rate. 
13.2 
A base rate event is an event where one or more of the following events occur (“Base Rate Event”) 
which means: 
(a) the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) has ceased to exist or ceased 
to be published for at least five (5) consecutive Business Days as a result of the Base Rate (for 
the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) ceasing to be calculated or administered; 
(b) a public statement or publication of information by (i) the supervisor of the Base Rate 
Administrator or (ii) the Base Rate Administrator that the Base Rate Administrator ceases to 
provide the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) 
permanently or indefinitely and, at the time of the statement or publication, no successor 
administrator has been appointed or is expected to be appointed to continue to provide the Base 
Rate; 
(c) a public statement or publication of information in each case by the supervisor of the Base Rate 
Administrator that the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) is no 
longer representative of the underlying market which the Base Rate is intended to represent and 
the representativeness of the Base Rate will not be restored in the opinion of the supervisor of 
the Base Rate Administrator; 
(d) a public statement or publication of information in each case by the supervisor of the Base Rate 
Administrator, with the consequence that it is unlawful for the Company, the Arranger or the 
Administrative Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholders using the 
applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) or it has otherwise 
become prohibited to use the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the 
relevant Loan); 
(e) a public statement or publication of information in each case by the bankruptcy trustee of the 
Base Rate Administrator or by the trustee under the bank recovery and resolution framework 
(krishanteringsregelverket), or in respect of EURIBOR, from the equivalent entity with

--- Page 36 ---
36 
insolvency or resolution powers over the Base Rate Administrator , containing the information 
referred to in paragraph (b) above; or 
(f) a Base Rate Event Announcement has been made and the announced Base Rate Event as set out 
in paragraphs (b)-(e) above will occur within six (6) months. 
13.3 
Upon a Base Rate Event Announcement, the Company may (but are not obligated to), if it is possible 
at such time to determine the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and other amendments, in 
consultation with the Arranger or through the appointment of an Independent Adviser, initiate the 
procedure as described in Section 13.1 above to finally decide the Successor Base Rate, the 
Adjustment Spread and other amendments, in order to change the Successor Base Rate at an earlier 
time. 
13.4 
If a Base Rate Event set out in any of the paragraphs (a)-(e) of Section 13.2 has occurred but no 
Successor Base Rate and Adjustment Spread have been finally decided at the latest prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date or if such Successor Base Rate and Adjustment Spread have 
been finally decided but due to technical limitations of Euroclear Sweden cannot be applied in 
relation to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the interest applicable to the next succeeding 
Interest Period shall be: 
(a) if the previous Base Rate is available, determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to the 
determination of the Base Rate as if no Base Rate Event had occurred; or  
(b) if the previous Base Rate is no longer available or cannot be used in accordance with applicable 
law or regulation, equal to the interest determined for the immediately preceding Interest 
Period. 
The provisions set out in this Section are applicable on subsequent Interest Periods, provided that 
all relevant measures have been carried out regarding the application of and the adjustments 
described in this Section 13 (Replacement of Base Rate) prior to every such subsequent Interest 
Determination Date, but without success. 
13.5 
Prior to the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and any other amendments becoming effective, 
the Company shall promptly, following the final decision by the Company in consultation with the 
Arranger or the Independent Adviser of any Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and other 
amendments, give notice thereof to the Noteholders, the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and 
Euroclear Sweden in accordance with Section 16 (Notices). The notice shall also include information 
about the effective date of the amendments. If the MTN are admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market, the Company shall also give notice of the amendments to the relevant stock exchange. 
13.6 
The Arranger, the Independent Adviser and the Administrative Agent that carries out measures in 
accordance with this Section 13 shall not be liable whatsoever for any damage or loss caused by 
determinations, action taken or omitted by it in conjunction with the determination and final 
decision of the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and any amendments thereto to the Loan 
Terms and Conditions, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct. The 
Arranger, the Independent Adviser and the Administrative Agent shall never be responsible for 
indirect or consequential loss. 
13.7 
In this Section 13, the following definitions have the meaning described below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread or a formula or methodology for calculating a spread to be 
applied to a Successor Base Rate and that is: 
(i) 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation to the replacement of 
the Base Rate; or

--- Page 37 ---
37 
(ii) 
if item (i) is not applicable, the adjustment spread that the Company in consultation with 
the Arranger or the Independent Adviser determines is reasonable to use in order to 
eliminate, to the extent possible, any transfer of economic value from one party to another 
as a result of a replacement of the Base Rate and is customarily applied in comparable debt 
capital market transactions. 
“Base Rate Administrator” means Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (SFBF) in relation 
to STIBOR and the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI) in relation to EURIBOR or any 
person replacing it as administrator of the Base Rate. 
“Base Rate Event Announcement” means a public statement or published information as set 
out in paragraphs (b) to (e) of Section 13.2 that any event or circumstance specified therein will 
occur. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution or advisor of repute in the 
debt capital markets where the Base Rate is commonly used. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, subject to applicable law, firstly any relevant supervisory 
authority, secondly any applicable central bank, or any working group or committee of any of them 
or thirdly, the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Base Rate” means: 
(i) 
the screen or benchmark rate, including the methodology for calculating term structure 
and calculation methods in respect of debt instruments with similar interest rate terms as 
MTN, which is formally recommended as a successor to or replacement of the Base Rate by 
a Relevant Nominating Body as successor; or 
(ii) 
if there is no such rate as described in item (i), such other rate as the Company in 
consultation with the Arranger or the Independent Adviser determines is most comparable 
to the Base Rate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that the Successor Base Rate ceases to exist, this definition 
shall be applied mutatis mutandis to such new Successor Base Rate. 
14 
AMENDMENT OF TERMS ETC. 
14.1 
The Company and the Dealers may agree on adjustments to clear and obvious errors in these General 
Terms and Conditions. 
14.2 
The Company and the Administrative Agent may agree on adjustments to clear and obvious errors 
in the Final Terms for a particular Loan. 
14.3 
The Company and the Arranger or the Independent Adviser may, without the approval of the 
Noteholders’, amend the Loan Terms and Conditions in accordance with what is described in 
Section 13 (Replacement of Base Rate). 
14.4 
The accession of a new Dealer to the MTN Programme may take place by means of a written 
agreement between the Company, the relevant institution and existing Dealers. Dealers may retire 
as Dealers, however the Administrative Agent in respect of a particular Loan may not retire as 
Administrative Agent, unless a new Administrative Agent is appointed in its place for said Loan. 
14.5 
Amendments and waivers of Loan Terms and Conditions, other than as set out in Sections 14.1 to 
14.4 shall take place through a decision at a Noteholders’ Meeting as described in Section 12 
(Noteholders’ Meeting). 
14.6 
An approval at a Noteholders’ Meeting of an amendment to terms and conditions may cover the 
substance of the amendment, and does not need to include the specific wording of the amendment.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
14.7 
A decision regarding an amendment of the terms shall also include a decision in respect of when the 
amendment enters into force. However, an amendment shall not enter into force before it has been 
registered with Euroclear Sweden and published on the Company’s website. 
14.8 
The amendment or concession of Loan Terms and Conditions in accordance with this Section 13 must 
be notified to the Noteholders by the Company as soon as possible in accordance with Section 16 
(Notices) and published in accordance with Section 10.5. 
15 
TIME-BAR FOR CLAIMS 
15.1 
Claims for repayment of principal shall be time-barred and become void ten (10) years from the 
Maturity Date. Claims for interest shall be time-barred and become void three (3) years after each 
relevant Interest Payment Date. The Company is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in 
respect of which the Noteholders’ right to receive payment has been time-barred and has become 
void. 
15.2 
If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations 
(preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new limitation period of ten (10) years with respect to the right to 
receive repayment of the principal, and of three (3) years with respect to receive payment of interest 
will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period, as such 
date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations. 
16 
NOTICES 
16.1 
Notifications shall be given to the Noteholders for the Loan in question at the address registered with 
Euroclear Sweden on the Record Date prior to dispatch. A notification to the Noteholders must also 
be made public by means of a press release and be published on the Company’s website. 
16.2 
Notification must be sent to the Company and the Dealers at the address registered with the Swedish 
Companies Registration Office (Bolagsverket) at the time notice is given. 
16.3 
A notification to the Company or Noteholders in accordance with the Loan Terms and Conditions 
that is sent by normal mail to the specified address will be deemed to have been received by the 
recipient on the third Business Day after dispatch, and a notification sent by courier will be deemed 
to have been received by the recipient when it has been delivered at the specified address.  
16.4 
In the event a notification has not been sent correctly to a particular Noteholder, this will not affect 
the impact of the notification on other Noteholders. 
17 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY ETC. 
17.1 
The Dealers shall not be liable for any damage as a consequence of Swedish or foreign legislation, 
actions by Swedish or foreign public authorities, acts of war, strikes, blockades, boycotts, lockouts, 
or any other similar circumstance. The reservation in respect of strikes, blockades, boycotts, and 
lockouts applies notwithstanding that the Dealer itself takes such measures or is subject to such 
measures. 
17.2 
Damage which arises in other cases shall not be compensated by the Dealer provided the Dealer acted 
with normal care. 
17.3 
No Dealer shall be obligated in any circumstance to pay compensation for indirect loss. 
17.4 
In the event a Dealer is prevented from taking a measure as a consequence of a circumstance set forth 
in Section 17.1, the measure may be postponed until such time as the impediment no longer exists. 
17.5 
The provision set forth above shall apply unless otherwise required by the Swedish Financial 
Instruments Accounting Act.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
18 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION  
18.1 
Swedish law will apply to the Loan Terms and Conditions and all non-contractual obligations that 
arise in connection with the application of the Loan Terms and Conditions.  
18.2 
Disputes must be determined by a Swedish court. Stockholm District Court (Stockholms tingsrätt) 
will be the court of first instance. 
________________________ 
 
It is hereby confirmed that the above General Terms and Conditions are binding on us 
Umeå, 7 February 2025 
VITEC SOFTWARE GROUP AB (PUBL)

--- Page 40 ---
40 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The following template will be used for the preparation of the Final Terms for each loan issued under the 
MTN Programme 
 
FINAL TERMS 
(“Final Terms”) 
 
for loan no. [•] 
under Vitec Software Group AB (publ)’s (the “Company”)  
Swedish MTN Programme 
 
The General Terms and Conditions dated 7 February 2025 together with the Final Terms set forth below shall 
apply to the Loan. Unless otherwise stated, definitions used in these Final Terms are set forth in the Terms and 
Conditions or otherwise in the Company’s base prospectus, approved and registered with the Swedish 
Financial Supervisory Authority on 7 February 2025 (“Base Prospectus”), including any published 
supplemental prospectus prepared for the MTN Programme from time to time in accordance with Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be 
published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing 
Directive 2003/71/EC (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms for the 
Loan and has been prepared in accordance with Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Complete information about the Company and the MTN Programme can only be obtained through the Base 
Prospectus, any published supplementary prospectuses and these Final Terms, which is why investors who are 
considering investing in MTN should read these documents together and in full. The Base Prospectus and any 
supplementary prospectuses to the Base Prospectus as applicable are available on the Company’s website 
[website]. 
[These Final Terms replace the Final Terms dated [date], whereby the Nominal Amount has been increased by 
[SEK/EUR] [amount in figures] from [SEK/EUR] [amount in figures] to [SEK/EUR] [amount in figures].] 
GENERAL 
1.
Loan number: 
[•] 
 
(i) 
Tranche name: 
[•] 
2.
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
for the loan: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
for tranche [•]: 
(iii) 
[for tranche [•] (indicate 
previous tranches):] 
[•] 
[•] 
3.
Price per MTN: 
[•] % of the Nominal Amount [plus accrued interest 
as from [insert date] if applicable] 
4.
Currency: 
[SEK/EUR] 
5.
Nominal Amount: 
[SEK/EUR] [•] (Not less than EUR 100,000 or the 
equivalent thereof in SEK) 
6.
Loan Date: 
[•]

--- Page 41 ---
41 
7.
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Loan Date/[•]] 
8.
Settlement Date: 
[Loan Date/[•]] 
9.
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
10.
Basis for calculation of interest: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate (FRN)] 
[Zero Coupon] 
11.
Amount as basis for calculation 
of interest 
[Nominal Amount/[•]] 
BASIS FOR CALCULATION OF RETURN 
12.
Fixed Rate: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Rate: 
[•] 
% 
annual 
interest 
calculated 
on 
[Nominal 
Amount/[•]]. 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period: 
The time from [•] up to and including [•] (the first 
Interest Period) and thereafter each period of [•] months 
with the end date on an Interest Payment Date 
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Annually/Semi-Annually/Quarterly] on [•], the first 
time on [•] and the last time on [•] 
(The above is adjusted in the event of a shortened or 
extended Interest Period) 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Convention 
Method: 
30/360 [Specify] 
 
(v) 
Risk factors: 
[In accordance with the risk factor with the heading 
[“Notes with fixed interest rate”] in the Base 
Prospectus.] 
13.
Floating Rate (FRN): 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Base Rate: 
[•] months [STIBOR/EURIBOR] 
[The [first/last] coupon’s Base Rate will be interpolated 
linearly between [•] months [STIBOR/EURIBOR] and 
[•] months [STIBOR/EURIBOR].] 
 
(ii) 
Margin: 
[+/-][•] % annual interest calculated on [Nominal 
Amount/[•]] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Determination 
Date: 
[•] Business Days before each Interest Period, the first 
time on [•] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period: 
The time from [•] up to and including [•] (the first 
Interest Period) and thereafter each period of approx. [•] 
months with the end date on an Interest Payment Date.
 
(v) 
Interest Payment(s): 
The final day in each Interest Period, [the [•], the [•], the 
[•] and the [•],] the first time on [•] and the last time [the 
[•]/on the Maturity Date].

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
(vi) 
Day Count Convention 
Method: 
Actual/360 [Specify] 
 
(vii) 
Risk factors: 
In accordance with the risk factor with the heading[s] 
[“Notes with floating interest rate”] [and “Risks 
relating to benchmarks”] in the Base Prospectus. 
14.
Zero Coupon: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Terms for Loans without 
interest: 
[Specify details] 
 
(ii) 
Risk factors: 
In accordance with the risk factor with the heading 
[“Notes with zero coupon”] in the Base Prospectus. 
REPAYMENT 
15.
Amount at which MTN is to be 
repaid on the Maturity Date: 
[•] % of [Nominal Amount/[•]] 
16.
Early voluntary redemption 
(call option): 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings of 
this paragraph) 
[The Company may redeem all, but not some only, of the 
MTN in full on any Business Day falling after [specify] 
at an amount per MTN equal to [percentage] of the 
Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid 
Interest.]/[Specify terms] 
OTHER 
17.
Estimated net proceeds: 
[SEK]/[EUR] [•] [less customary transaction costs and 
fees]/[Specify]. 
18.
Use of net proceeds: 
[General corporate purposes]/[Specify] 
19.
Admission to trading on a 
Regulated Market: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Regulated Market: 
[Nasdaq Stockholm/Specify other Regulated Market] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated total costs 
associated with admission to 
trading 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Total number of securities 
admitted to trading: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Earliest date for admission 
to trading: 
[•] 
20.
Conflict of interests: 
[Specify/Not applicable]  
(Interests and any conflicts of interest for individuals 
who are involved in the share issue and that are of 
significance for the Loan must be described) 
21.
Credit rating for Loans: 
[Specify/Not applicable]

--- Page 43 ---
43 
22.
Resolutions as basis of the 
issue: 
[Not applicable/Resolutions regarding this Loan were 
taken on [insert date]/Specify] 
(If resolutions regarding issues under the MTN 
Programme are described in the Base Prospectus and 
this issue is covered by such a decision, “Not applicable” 
must be used) 
23.
Information from third parties: [Information presented in these Final Terms originating 
from third parties has been reproduced accurately and, 
as far as the Company is aware and can ascertain from 
information published by that third party, no facts have 
been omitted that would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading]/ [Not applicable]
24.
Issuing Dealer: 
 
 
(i) 
for tranche [•]: 
[(ii) for tranche [•] (indicate previous 
tranches):] 
[[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)][Nordea 
Bank Abp] 
25.
Administrative Agent: 
[[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)][Nordea 
Bank Abp]] 
26.
ISIN: 
SE[•] 
 
The Company confirms that the above Final Terms are applicable to the Loan, together with the General Terms 
and Conditions, and undertakes, in accordance therewith, to repay the Loan and to pay interest in accordance 
herewith. 
The Company further confirms that any material event after the date of the Base Prospectus that could affect 
the market’s assessment of the Loan and the Company to this MTN have been publicly disclosed. 
[Place and date for signing the Final Terms] 
 
VITEC SOFTWARE GROUP AB (PUBL)

--- Page 44 ---
44 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
General information regarding the Issuer 
The Issuer’s legal and commercial name is Vitec Software Group AB (publ). The Issuer is a Swedish public 
limited liability company, governed by the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)), 
incorporated in Sweden on 5 February 1985 and registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office 
(Sw. Bolagsverket) on 2 May 1985. The Issuer’s corporate registration number is 556258-4804 and its legal 
entity identifier (LEI) code is 5493005EB5RV1QHE6H94. The Issuer’s registered office is Tvistevägen 47 A, 
907 29 Umeå, Sweden. The telephone number of the Group’s headquarters is +46 90 15 49 00 and the Group’s 
website is www.vitecsoftware.com. The information on the Group’s website does not form part of this 
Prospectus unless explicitly incorporated by reference into the Prospectus and potential investors should not 
rely on such information in making a decision to invest in Notes. 
Pursuant to the Issuer’s current Articles of Association adopted on 28 April 2021, the objects of the Issuer’s 
business are to purchase, manage and sell real and personal property and to conduct activities compatible 
therewith. 
The Group’s business and operations 
Vitec is active in the market for vertical software and has its origin and headquarters in Umeå, Sweden. Vitec 
develops and delivers standardised software for various functions in society. They can be found at the heart of 
a variety of businesses and activities, including energy, insurance, retail, hotels, churches and health care. 
Vitec’s products enable the Company to help customers achieve greater efficiency and to generate societal 
benefit. The expertise of Vitec’s employees, combined with the Company’s shared corporate culture and 
business model, enable continuous improvement and innovation. Vitec is listed on the Nasdaq Stockholm 
Large Cap list. Vitec has business units located in Sweden, Finland, Norway, Denmark, the Netherlands and 
Belgium. 
Vitec is an industry acquirer with a long-term outlook. The Group’s growth mainly occurs through corporate 
acquisitions, but also organically. The Group’s strong cash flow enables it to both reinvest in products and 
make acquisitions. Continual development of Vitec’s products is crucial to ensure that the Company’s offering 
will remain relevant in the future. 
Vitec’s business model is based on a high percentage of recurring revenues. This provides the Group with stable 
and predictable cash flows that create the prerequisites for a long-term approach. It also makes the Group less 
sensitive to temporary declines within individual business units. 
Within the framework of Vitec’s decentralised organisation, the corporate culture plays a significant role in 
corporate governance and is important for long-term success. Our values, brand promise and Code of Conduct 
are the three cornerstones of Vitec’s corporate culture. Through an array of forums, Vitec creates conditions 
for employees and leaders to become part of its corporate culture. 
Sustainability is integral to Vitec’s business model and culture. To structure the Company’s work, Vitec has 
defined four focus areas: Responsible growth, Enabling products, Empowered people and Reduced footprint. 
They are specified based on where and how Vitec’s business has the greatest impact on the world around us, 
as well as areas where Vitec believes it can make the greatest difference. 
History and development of the Group 
Below is a summary of the history and development of the Group. 
 
1985 – Vitec is founded by research colleagues Lars Stenlund and Olov Sandberg.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
1990 – Operations are scaled up and the Board of Directors is reinforced with external Board 
members. 
 
1998 – Vitec is listed on Innovationsmarknaden (currently known as the Nordic Growth Market). 
 
2003 – Vitec formulated its acquisition-driven growth strategy. 
 
2011 – Vitec listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. Acquisition of IT-Makeriet AS in Norway, the first 
acquisition of a foreign company. 
 
2012 – Vitec records its values, which become a cornerstone of the corporate culture. 
 
2016 – The governance model is clarified and strengthened with the implementation of the role of 
Vice President of Operations (VPO). 
 
2017 – Vitec is moved from the Small Cap to Mid Cap list on the Nasdaq Stockholm. Olov Sandberg, 
one of the founders of Vitec, retired. Olov remains as one of the Vitec's principal owners. 
 
2021 – Vitec acquired the Dutch company Vabi Holding B.V., the first acquisition outside the Nordic 
region. Lars Stenlund was elected to serve as Chairman of the Board of Vitec and Olle Backman was 
appointed CEO and President. 
 
2022 – Vitec is moved from the Mid Cap to Large Cap list on the Nasdaq Stockholm. 
 
2023 – Vitec acquired six vertical software companies. 
 
2024 – Vitec acquired Trinergy, the first acquisition in Belgium. In total Vitec acquired seven new 
companies this year. 
Overview of the Group 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer has, directly and indirectly, 89 subsidiaries of which 87 are wholly 
owned. The Group’s operations are mainly conducted by the subsidiaries and the Issuer is thus dependent on 
its subsidiaries to generate revenues and profit in order to be able to fulfil the Issuer’s payment obligations 
under the Notes. The structure of the Group is illustrated by the below table. All subsidiaries are wholly owned 
unless otherwise stated within parentheses. 
The Issuer 
Direct subsidiary of the 
Issuer 
Indirect subsidiaries of the Issuer 
Vitec Software 
Group AB (publ) 
Vitec Energy AB  
Vitec IT-Drift AB 
Vitec AB 
Vitec Mäklarsystem AB
Vitec Förvaltningssystem AB 
Vitec Capitex AB 
Vitec Megler AS 
Vitec Megler AB
Vitec Acute Oy (53%)
Vitec Shared Services Oy
Vitec Acute Oy (47%)
Vitec Autosystemer AS 
Vitec Aloc A/S 
Vitec Aloc AS 
Vitec Datamann A/S 
Carlogistic ApS 
Vitec Forsikring AS 
Vitec Tietomitta Oy 
Vitec Futursoft Oy 
Vitec Plania AS  
Vitec Facility Management 
System ApS 
Vitec MV A/S 
Vitec MV AB
Vitec MV AS
Vitec Shared Services AS 
Vitec Agrando AS 
Vitec Cito A/S 
Vitec Smart Visitor System AB

--- Page 46 ---
46 
Vitec Avoine Oy 
Vitec Fixit Systemer AS 
Vitec Katrina Oy 
Vitec HK data AS 
Malmkroppen AB 
Vitec Shared Services ApS 
Vitec Appva AB 
Evig AB
Vitec Samfundssystem AB 
Agrando Asia 
Vitec Alma Oy 
Vitec Visiolink Aps
Vitec LIVEdition ApS
Vitec Unikum Datasystem AB
Vitec Travelize AB
Vitec Nordman AB
Vitec Vabi B.V.
Vitec DocuBizz Aps
Vitec Hotellinx Oy
ABS Information Systems Group 
B.V. 
ABS LBS Group B.V. 
ABS Japan LCC 
ABS France SA
 
 
Laundry Services 
International Inc 
ABS Scandinavia Aps
 
 
ABS Belgium N.V. 
ABS Deutschland 
GmbH 
ABS Holding International B.V.
ABS Boxtel Software B.V.
Inter Data ABS SRL
Vitec Scanrate A/S
Vitec Raisoft Oy
Enova Holding B.V.
Enova B.V.
Enova Grid Management 
B.V. 
 
Enova Storage Systems B.V.
Vitec Shared Services B.V.
Vitec DL Systems AB
Vitec Entry Event AB
Vitec Neagen Oy
Vitec Memorix B.V.
Vitec Codea Oy
Vitec Navicode Oy
Vitec LDC B.V.
Vitec Bidtheatre AB
Vitec Bidtheatre AS
Taxiteknik Nordic AB (60%)
Gautama SRL (60%)
Trinergy SRL
Juloro SAS
Olyslager Group B.V. 
Olyslager Holding B.V. 
Olyslager
International B.V. 
Olyslager North 
America Inc. 
 
 
Olyslager Organisation 
B.V. 
Olyslager Licence B.V.
Vitec Roidu Oy
Vitec Figlo Holding B.V.
Vitec Figlo Distribution B.V.
Vitec Figlo SSC B.V.
Vitec Figlo B.V.
Vitec Intergrip B.V.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
Material agreements 
No Group company has concluded any material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of its 
business which could result in any Group company being under an obligation or entitlement that is material 
to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders. 
Recent events particular to the Issuer 
There have been no recent events particular to the Issuer which are to a material extent relevant to the 
evaluation of the Issuer’s solvency. 
Significant changes etc. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023 (which was 
the last day of the period to which the Issuer’s most recently published audited financial statements relate). 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Group since 31 
December 2024 (which was the last day of the period to which the Issuer’s most recently published non-audited 
interim financial statements relate). 
Legal, governmental and arbitration proceedings 
The Issuer is not, and has not during the last twelve (12) months been, involved in any legal, governmental or 
arbitration proceedings which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer’s 
and/or the Group’s financial position or profitability, nor is the Issuer aware of any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened. 
Credit rating 
No credit rating has been assigned to the Issuer.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
SHARE CAPITAL, SHARES AND OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE 
Share capital and shares 
According to its current Articles of Association adopted on 28 April 2021, the Issuer’s share capital shall be no 
less than SEK 1,600,000 and not more than SEK 6,400,000 divided into not less than 16,000,000 shares and 
not more than 64,000,000 shares which may be issued in two classes, class A and class B, where class A shares 
carry ten (10) votes and class B shares carry one (1) vote at general meetings. As at the date of this Prospectus, 
the total number of shares in the Issuer is 39,849,341 shares, divided among 2,490,000 class A shares and 
37,359,341 class B shares. The Issuer’s class B shares (ISIN code SE0007871363) are listed on Nasdaq 
Stockholm under the short name (ticker) VIT B. The Issuer’s class A shares are not publicly traded. 
Ownership structure 
As at 31 December 2024, the Issuer’s largest shareholders are the Chairman of the Board of Directors Lars 
Stenlund, who owns, directly and indirectly, 3.48% of the shares and 19.14% of the votes in the Issuer, and co-
founder Olov Sandberg, who owns, directly and indirectly, 2.90% of the shares and 18.05% of the votes in the 
Issuer. 
The shareholders exercise their voting rights at general meetings, e.g., with regard to the composition of the 
Board of Directors and election of external auditors. Major shareholders’ influence over the Issuer is inter alia 
limited by the Swedish Companies Act (e.g., by its provisions on shareholder minority protection) and the 
Swedish Corporate Governance Code (Sw. Svensk kod för bolagsstyrning).  
To the Issuer’s knowledge, there are no shareholders’ agreements or other arrangements the operation of 
which may result in a change in control of the Issuer. 
The below table sets out the Issuer’s largest shareholders as at 31 December 2024. 
No. 
Name 
No. of 
class A 
shares 
No. of class B 
shares 
Percentage 
of shares 
Percentage 
of votes 
1 
Lars Stenlund 
1,170,000
216,746
3.48%
19.14%
2 
Olov Sandberg 
1,120,000
34,995
2.90%
18.05%
3 
Capital Group 
-
3,092,881
7.76%
4,97%
4 
Cliens Fonder 
-
2,242,512
5.63%
3.60%
5 
Jerker Vallbo 
200,000
117,598
0.80%
3.40%
6 
SEB Investment 
Management 
-
2,107,562
5.29%
3.39%
7 
Thomas Eklund 
-
1,670,805
4.19%
2.68%
8 
Lannebo 
Kapitalförvaltning 
-
1,626,015
4.08%
2.61%
9 
Carnegie Fonder 
-
1,459,093
3.66%
2.34%

--- Page 49 ---
49 
10 
Vanguard 
-
1,316,487
3.30%
2.11%
 
Top 10 
2,490,000
13,884,694
41.09%
62.29%
  
Others 
-
23,474,647
58.91%
37.71%
 
Total 
2,490,000
37,359,341
100.00%
100.00%

--- Page 50 ---
50 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS, GROUP MANAGEMENT AND 
AUDITORS 
General 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer currently consists of six (6) Board members elected by the Annual General 
Meeting and no deputy Board members. The Board members elected by the Annual General Meeting are 
elected for one year until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. According to the Issuer’s current Articles 
of Association adopted on 28 April 2021, the Board of Directors shall comprise not less than three (3) and not 
more than seven (7) members, with not more than three (3) deputies. The Group Management team currently 
consists of thirteen (13) members. 
The division of responsibilities between the Board of Directors and the CEO follows from Swedish law and is 
further set out in the Board of Directors’ Rules of Procedure and the Board of Directors’ Instructions to the 
CEO. The CEO is subordinate to the Board of Directors and is responsible for the Company’s day-to-day 
management and operations in accordance with applicable laws and the Board of Directors’ instructions. The 
CEO is also responsible for providing the Board of Directors with decision-aiding materials.  
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors and the Group Management team is Vitec 
Software Group AB (publ), Tvistevägen 47 A, 907 29 Umeå, Sweden. 
Board of Directors 
The below table presents the members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors. 
Name 
Position 
Year first 
elected  
Other assignments significant to Vitec 
Lars Stenlund 
Chairman 
2021 
Chairman of the Board of Directors at Umeå 
universitet Holding AB. 
Chairman of the Board of Directors at TREAC 
Aktiebolag. 
Jan Friedman 
Member 
2010 
Chairman of the Board of Directors at Kjell Group 
AB. 
Chairman of the Board at Stiftelsen Anna Whitlocks 
Minnesfond. 
Birgitta 
Johansson-
Hedberg 
Member  
2011 
Chairman of the Board of Directors at Sörmlands 
Sparbank. 
Member of the Board of Directors at Stellae Energia 
Consilidata AB. 
Member of the Board of Directors at Sparbankernas 
ägarförening. 
Malin Ruijsenaars 
Member 
2023 
Member of the Board of Directors at Probi AB.  
Member of the Board of Directors at Bulten AB. 
Kaj Sandart 
Member 
1998 
Chairman of the Board of Directors at Catch23 AB.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
Member of the Board of Directors at Vallabacken 
Invest AB. 
Member of the Board of Directors at Milox AB. 
Senior advisor at Hallvarsson & Halvarsson. 
Anna Valtonen 
Member 
2012 
Vice-chancellor, Konstfack, University of Arts, 
Crafts and Design. 
Chairman at the Board of Directors at Kalevala 
Jewelry. 
 
Group Management  
The below table presents the member of Vitec’s Group Management team. 
Name 
Position 
Employed since
Other assignments 
significant to Vitec 
Olle Backman 
CEO 
2019 
N/A 
Anna Andersson 
Head of HR 
2017 
N/A 
Kerstin Anderson 
Vice President of Operations 
2018 
N/A 
Gert Gustafsson 
COO 
2017 
N/A 
Pia Kantola 
Vice President Operations 
2024 
N/A 
Peter Lidström 
CFO 
2024 
N/A 
Kim Møller Jensen 
Vice President Operations 
2016 
N/A 
Anna-Karin Nilsson 
Head of Brand 
2020 
N/A 
Pien Oosterman 
Vice President Operations 
2023 
N/A 
Magnus Persson 
Vice President Operations 
2008 
N/A 
Jerker Vallbo 
CIO/CTO 
1988 
N/A 
Svein Roger Westengren 
Vice President Operations 
2014 
N/A 
Aleš Zobec 
Head of M&A 
2018 
N/A 
 
Conflicts of interest 
With the exception of the Chairman, Lars Stenlund, all members of the Board of Directors are independent in 
relation to Vitec. Furthermore, with the exception of the Chairman, Lars Stenlund, who is Vitec’s largest 
shareholder in terms of voting rights, all members of the Board of Directors and all members of the Group 
Management team are independent in relation to Vitec’s major shareholders. Several of the members of the 
Board of Directors and Group Management team have financial interests in the Group as a result of their 
shareholding in Vitec.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
Apart from the foregoing, the members of the Board of Directors and the Group Management team have no 
conflicts of interest between their duties to the Issuer and their private interests or other duties. 
Auditors 
The Issuer’s current auditor, elected at the Issuer’s Annual General Meeting in 2024 for the period until the 
end of the Annual General Meeting 2025, is the authorised audit firm Deloitte AB with Richard Peters as 
auditor in charge. Richard Peters is a member of FAR (the professional institute for authorised public 
accountants in Sweden). Deloitte AB’s business address is Rehnsgatan 11, 113 79 Stockholm, Sweden. 
The Issuer’s auditor during the period from the Issuer’s Annual General Meeting in 2014 until and including 
the Issuer’s Annual General Meeting in 2024 was the authorised audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB’s business address is Torsgatan 21, 113 97 Stockholm, Sweden.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Historical financial information incorporated by reference 
The historical financial information set out in the below table has been incorporated into this Prospectus by 
reference and should be read as part of the Prospectus. The documents containing the incorporated 
information have been made public prior to the publication of this Prospectus and are available, at least during 
the period of validity of this Prospectus, in electronic format on Vitec’s website via the links included in the 
below table. 
Potential investors should read all historical financial information which is incorporated in the Prospectus by 
reference. Information in the below documents that have not been incorporated by reference is either deemed 
by Vitec not to be relevant for potential investors or is covered elsewhere in the Prospectus. 
All financial information in this Prospectus relating to the financial periods January–December 2022 or 
January–December 2023 is derived from Vitec’s audited consolidated financial statements for the financial 
year ended in December 2024. All financial information in this Prospectus relating to the financial period 
January–December 2024 is derived from Vitec’s unaudited consolidated year-end report for the period 
January–December 2024 or from the Group’s internal accounting systems and has not been audited or 
reviewed by the Issuer’s auditor. 
No. 
Document 
Information incorporated by reference 
1.  
Vitec’s audited consolidated 
financial statements, including 
the auditor’s report, for the 
financial year ended in 
December 2022 (which can be 
found through the following 
link) 
 
The consolidated statement of profit/loss and 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income, 
which can be found on pages 106–107. 
 
The consolidated statement of financial position, 
which can be found on pages 108–109. 
 
The consolidated statement of changes in equity, which 
can be found on page 110. 
 
The consolidated statement of cash flows, which can be 
found on page 111. 
 
The notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(including information on accounting and 
measurement policies), which can be found on pages 
112–141. 
 
The auditor’s report, which can be found on pages 
160–165. 
2.  
Vitec’s audited consolidated 
financial statements, including 
the auditor’s report, for the 
financial year ended in 
December 2023 (which can be 
found through the following 
link) 
 
The consolidated statement of profit/loss and 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income, 
which can be found on page 113. 
 
The consolidated statement of financial position, 
which can be found on page 114. 
 
The consolidated statement of changes in equity, which 
can be found on page 115. 
 
The consolidated statement of cash flows, which can be 
found on page 116.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
The notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(including information on accounting and 
measurement policies), which can be found on pages 
117–145. 
 
The auditor’s report, which can be found on pages 
165–170. 
3.  
Vitec’s unaudited consolidated 
year-end report for the period 
January–December 2024 
(which can be found through the 
following link) 
 
The consolidated statement of comprehensive income, 
which can be found on page 21. 
 
The condensed consolidated statement of financial 
position, which can be found on page 22. 
 
The condensed consolidated statement of changes in 
equity, which can be found on page 23. 
 
The condensed consolidated statement of cash flow, 
which can be found on page 24. 
 
Future financial information incorporated by reference 
The future financial information set out in the below table has been incorporated into this Prospectus by 
reference and should, once made public, be read as part of the Prospectus. The documents containing the 
incorporated information are expected to be made public on the respective dates indicated in the below table, 
whereupon they will become available, at least during the period of validity of this Prospectus, in electronic 
format on Vitec’s website via the following link.  
The expected publication dates for the documents are also presented in Vitec’s financial calendar, which is 
available on Vitec’s website via the following link. If the expected publication date for a document changes, 
Vitec will as soon as possible update the financial calendar on its website accordingly. If such change occurs 
later than two (2) weeks before the last communicated expected publication date in question or later than two 
(2) weeks before the new publication date, Vitec will publicly announce the new publication date through a 
press release. 
Potential investors should read all future financial information which is incorporated in the Prospectus by 
reference as it becomes available. Information in the below documents that have not been incorporated by 
reference is either deemed by Vitec not to be relevant for potential investors or is covered elsewhere in the 
Prospectus. 
No. 
Document 
Information incorporated by reference 
1.  
Vitec’s audited consolidated 
financial statements, including 
the auditor’s report, for the 
financial year ended in 
December 2024 (expected to be 
made public on or around 1 
April 2025) 
 
The consolidated statement of profit/loss and 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income. 
 
The consolidated statement of financial position. 
 
The consolidated statement of changes in equity. 
 
The consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 
The notes to the consolidated financial statements 
(including information on accounting and 
measurement policies). 
 
The auditor’s report.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
2.  
Vitec’s unaudited consolidated 
interim report for the period 
January–March 2025 (expected 
to be made public on or around 
23 April 2025) 
 
The condensed consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income. 
 
The condensed consolidated statement of financial 
position. 
 
The condensed consolidated statement of changes in 
equity. 
 
The condensed consolidated statement of cash flow. 
3.  
Vitec’s unaudited consolidated 
interim report for the period 
January–June 2025 (expected 
to be made public on or around 
11 July 2025) 
 
The condensed consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income. 
 
The condensed consolidated statement of financial 
position. 
 
The condensed consolidated statement of changes in 
equity. 
 
The condensed consolidated statement of cash flow. 
4.  
Vitec’s unaudited consolidated 
interim report for the period 
January–September 2025 
(expected to be made public on 
or around 16 October 2025) 
 
The condensed consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income. 
 
The condensed consolidated statement of financial 
position. 
 
The condensed consolidated statement of changes in 
equity. 
 
The condensed consolidated statement of cash flow. 
5.  
Vitec’s unaudited consolidated 
year-end report for the period 
January–December 2025 
(expected to be made public on 
or around 6 February 2026) 
 
The consolidated statement of comprehensive income. 
 
The condensed consolidated statement of financial 
position. 
 
The condensed consolidated statement of changes in 
equity. 
 
The condensed consolidated statement of cash flow. 
 
Accounting standards for the financial information 
Vitec’s consolidated financial statements for the financial years ended in December 2022 and 2023, 
respectively, have been, and Vitec’s consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended in December 
2024 are expected to be, prepared pursuant to the Swedish Annual Accounts Act (Sw. årsredovisningslagen 
(1995:1554)), International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board (IASB) (including interpretations by the International Financial Reporting Interpretations 
Committee (IFRIC)), as adopted by the European Union for application within the European Union, and 
Recommendation RFR 1, Supplementary accounting rules for corporate groups, issued by the Swedish 
Financial Reporting Board. 
Vitec’s unaudited consolidated year-end report for the period January–December 2024 has been, and Vitec’s 
unaudited consolidated interim reports for the periods January–March, January–June and January–
September 2025, respectively, and Vitec’s unaudited consolidated year-end report for the period January–
December 2025 are expected to be, prepared in accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
Auditing of the financial information 
Vitec’s consolidated financial statements for the financial years ended in December 2022 and December 2023, 
respectively, have been audited by the authorised audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB with Alexander 
Lyckow as auditor in charge. Vitec’s consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended in December 
2024 are expected to be audited by the authorised audit firm Deloitte AB with Richard Peters as the auditor in 
charge. Alexander Lyckow and Richard Peters are members of FAR (the professional institute for authorised 
public accountants in Sweden). Unless otherwise explicitly stated, no other information contained in this 
Prospectus has been audited or reviewed by the Issuer’s auditors.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS AND SUPPLEMENTARY 
INFORMATION 
Approval of the Prospectus 
This Prospectus has been approved and registered by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. 
Finansinspektionen) (the “SFSA”) as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This Prospectus 
is a base prospectus pursuant to Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. The SFSA only approves this 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the 
quality of the Notes, and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Notes. 
Responsibility 
The members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer are responsible for the information contained in the 
Prospectus under the conditions and to the extent set forth in Swedish law. The members of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer hereby declare that, to the best of their knowledge, the information contained in the 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Information from third parties 
No information in this Prospectus has been sourced form a third party. 
Arrangements with advisors 
The Dealers, and other entities within their groups and/or their affiliates, may have performed, and may in the 
future perform, investment, insurance, banking, lending or other services for the Group in the ordinary course 
of business, for which they may have received, and may continue to receive, customary fees, interests and 
commissions. Where existing financial indebtedness is wholly or partly refinanced with proceeds from an 
issuance of Notes, such financial indebtedness may include indebtedness provided by one or more of the 
Dealers. 
Snellman Advokatbyrå AB has acted as legal advisor in relation to the MTN Programme and has provided, and 
may in the future provide, additional legal services to the Group in the ordinary course of business, for which 
it has received, and may continue to receive, customary fees. 
Taxation 
Potential investors should be aware that the tax legislation of their home jurisdiction and of the Issuer’s country 
of incorporation may have an impact on the income received from Notes and that they may be required to pay 
taxes or other documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where 
Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. Potential investors are advised to ask for their own tax advisor’s 
advice on their individual taxation. 
Documents available for inspection 
The Issuer’s Articles of Association and Certificate of Registration may be inspected during the period of 
validity of this Prospectus at the Issuer’s registered address, Tvistevägen 47 A, 907 29 Umeå, Sweden on 
weekdays 
during 
ordinary 
business 
hours 
and 
are 
also 
available 
at 
the 
Issuer’s 
website, 
www.vitecsoftware.com.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
ADDRESSES 
Issuer 
Vitec Software Group AB (publ) 
Tvistevägen 47 A 
907 29 Umeå, Sweden 
 
Auditor 
Deloitte AB 
Rehnsgatan 11 
113 79 Stockholm, Sweden 
 
Legal advisor 
Snellman Advokatbyrå AB 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 20 
111 47 Stockholm, Sweden 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Debt Capital Markets 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm, Sweden 
www.seb.se 
 
Dealer 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Debt Capital Markets 
Smålandsgatan 17  
105 71 Stockholm, Sweden 
www.nordea.com